


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Government Money Fund (PRRXX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Government Money Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRRXX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments








			
				Formerly T. Rowe Price Prime Reserve Fund
				
				
				
			
			


 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
							$1.0000
						  
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
							$0.0000
						  
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								0.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
							
								$1.0000
							
							-
							
								$1.0000
							
						  
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$7,879.79

					
					Million
				



Important money market information: Click here for NAV Type, Liquidity Fees & Redemption Gates, Daily & Weekly liquid asset levels, Holdings, Market-based NAV and Net Shareholder flows.

						Effective August 1, 2016, Prime Reserve Fund, changed to a government mandate and was 
renamed Government Money Fund. The performance for the periods prior to August 1, 2016 
reflects the performance of the fund when it operated as a prime money market fund and 
invested in certain types of securities that it is no longer permitted to hold. 
Performance prior to this conversion may have been different if the current investment 
limitations had been in effect.
						




Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions


Average Annual Total Returns 1



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.16%
				
			

				
					0.16%
				
			


3 Years

				
					0.06%
				
			

				
					0.06%
				
			


5 Years

				
					0.04%
				
			

				
					0.04%
				
			


10 Years

				
					0.53%
				
			

				
					0.53%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 4.88%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							4.88%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 26, 1976
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.48%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.44%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, 
which cannot guarantee future results. Return and yield will vary.

 
    
You could lose money by investing in the Fund. 
Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee 
it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's 
sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and 
you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the 
Fund at any time.
    
    





^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

1Average annual total return figures include reinvested dividends and capital gain distributions.
		



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's goals are preservation of capital, liquidity, and, consistent with these, the highest possible current income.
		
7-Day Annualized Yield2
 as of 
				
				    07/26/2017
				
			



Simple3

						 
							0.64%
						
					


Simple w/o Waiver

						 
							0.45%
						
					


Compound3

						 
							0.64%
						
					


Compound w/o Waiver

						 
							0.45%
						
					



2
								
				
				A method of calculating a money fund's yield by annualizing the 
fund's net investment income for the last seven days of each period 
divided by the fund's net asset value at the end of the period. 
				
3
									
					
					In an effort to maintain a zero or positive net yield for the fund, T. Rowe Price has voluntarily waived all or a portion of the management fee it is entitled to receive from the fund. A fee waiver has the effect of increasing the fund's net yield. The 7-day yield without waiver represents what the yield would have been if we were not waiving our management fee. This voluntary waiver is in addition to any contractual expense ratio limitation in effect for the fund and may be amended or terminated at any time without prior notice. Please see the prospectus for more details. 
					
				
				Year-to-date figures are not annualized and represent total return, 
which includes reinvested distributions (income and capital gains) 
and any change in share price for the given period. The yield quotation 
more closely reflects the current earnings of the money market fund than the total return quotation.
			


























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual  fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:33:56 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )










Institutional Government Money Market Fund (IOEXX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




















Money Market



Institutional Government Money Market Fund


1


2





The Fund typically invests in short-term investment-grade debt securities





Print

Buy





Buy







CLASS E: IOEXX                CUSIP: 68383G108


CLASS L: IOLXX                CUSIP: 68383G207


CLASS P: IOPXX                CUSIP: 68383G306










Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
Pensionmark Securities LLC
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Fact Sheet



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



L Share Yield Sheet



P Share Yield Sheet



Weekly Holdings



Business Calendar



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Monthly Holdings



SEC Form N-MFP*



Go to literature center







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 10/3/06

13%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



Money Market



Institutional Government Money Market Fund


1


2






 E 

Share Class






Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

0.49%
0.30%
0.23%
0.80%
1.11%



With Sales Charge

0.49%
0.30%
0.23%
0.80%
1.11%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
0.1%
Net Expense Ratio:

3


 
0.1%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


4



























Institutional Government Money Market Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00























Income Dividend History



B













No income dividends were paid during this time.












Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/26/17














































 
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



C









Institutional Government Money Market Fund
–
5.36
3.14
0.58
0.23
0.18
0.20
0.12
0.09
0.16
0.40

0.38




n/a


4

























—










The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.38%


1 Year
0.49%


3 Year
0.30%


5 Year
0.23%


10 Year
0.80%


Since Inception
1.11%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.38%


1 Year
0.49%


3 Year
0.30%


5 Year
0.23%


10 Year
0.80%


Since Inception
1.11%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.38%


1 Year
0.49%


3 Year
0.30%


5 Year
0.23%


10 Year
0.80%


Since Inception
1.11%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.38%


1 Year
0.49%


3 Year
0.30%


5 Year
0.23%


10 Year
0.80%


Since Inception
1.11%







Gross Expense Ratio





0.10%





NAV



D







as of 7/26/17


$1.00









Market Based NAV

(all classes)









as of 7/25/17


$0.9998








Show More Market Based NAV Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Institutional Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

36.43%
53.68%
$17,673,560.93


07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.76%
53.80%
$439,767,895.75


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
31.65%
50.77%
-$162,051,837.51


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
33.82%
51.80%
-$101,392,513.22


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.72%
54.41%
-$66,277,293.87


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
30.47%
55.21%
-$17,313,493.95


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.19%
57.25%
$41,513,142.38


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.54%
56.60%
$45,055,352.57


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.42%
55.54%
-$1,359,457,344.37


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.15%
64.96%
$100,701,201.70


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.03%
64.38%
-$66,591,320.84


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.82%
63.98%
$24,767,759.19


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.61%
63.85%
$98,195,011.66


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
47.34%
63.01%
-$7,401,809.22


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.30%
62.13%
$39,038,478.41


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.90%
61.97%
$77,740,951.29


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.40%
61.31%
-$36,415,760.10


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
42.83%
59.60%
$119,270,917.01


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.69%
58.86%
-$118,002,189.71


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.29%
59.60%
$75,990,380.91


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.62%
57.57%
$263,049,350.78


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.91%
56.27%
-$69,615,604.77


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.51%
50.39%
-$201,721,210.17


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
35.66%
50.94%
-$272,923,682.72


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.56%
52.95%
$131,924,195.18


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.75%
52.00%
-$54,107,347.01


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.32%
52.40%
-$91,604,844.39


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.45%
52.60%
-$29,393,193.54


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.68%
52.99%
$164,840,042.94


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.77%
52.29%
-$55,307,905.02


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
4.48%
17.65%
-$169,186,893.09


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.36%
52.42%
-$68,359,781.96


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.47%
52.11%
$59,245,124.59


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.17%
51.87%
-$111,239,630.27


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.33%
53.24%
$142,098,293.37


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.41%
53.04%
-$145,305,188.85


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.64%
54.02%
$44,382,750.15


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.14%
54.48%
-$34,133,306.25


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.36%
54.96%
$37,173,923.67


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.18%
55.60%
$61,689,053.77


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.04%
56.59%
$248,713,312.08


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.15%
52.56%
$60,290,695.05


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.80%
51.36%
-$358,325,755.73


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.91%
52.65%
-$21,209,195.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.43%
52.30%
$71,810,526.80


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.14%
51.28%
-$120,290,272.24


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.33%
49.23%
-$88,891,607.26


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
4.55%
11.64%
-$2,713,358.31


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.73%
49.85%
$13,325,901.02


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.26%
50.39%
$92,148,595.75


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.64%
49.90%
-$254,406,275.12


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.79%
51.65%
$33,066,650.56


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
45.07%
51.94%
-$44,873,392.92


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.14%
53.00%
$171,277,030.62


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.38%
53.41%
$67,666,732.21


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.54%
54.06%
$125,015,349.76


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.34%
54.00%
$54,619,653.46


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.07%
53.64%
-$42,387,450.49


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.80%
54.33%
$24,578,940.85


05/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.97%
55.32%
$231,236,384.77


05/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


$95,557,058.95


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.06%
53.73%
$135,858,832.77


04/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.75%
53.54%
$100,309,951.64


04/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.39%
53.67%
$87,044,213.92


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.18%
53.52%
-$28,951,810.47


04/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.63%
53.92%
-$158,249,691.39


04/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.21%
54.67%
-$25,798,859.94


04/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.01%
55.96%
$114,858,397.58


04/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.00%
56.27%
$106,064,369.81


04/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.32%
55.32%
-$39,657,690.07


04/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.81%
55.91%
$245,824,433.35


04/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.40%
54.26%
$125,836,933.64


04/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.40%
53.51%
-$147,918,356.76


04/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
53.32%
$1,253,599.92


04/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.43%
52.54%
$121,364,562.31


04/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.26%
51.55%
$57,852,591.48


04/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.01%
49.99%
$120,508,380.91


04/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.32%
49.50%
$66,328,725.78


04/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.54%
47.82%
$38,547,352.54


04/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.68%
47.46%
-$27,495,316.61


03/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.02%
47.19%
-$56,569,956.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.49%
47.77%
-$19,369,872.96


03/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.64%
47.90%
-$226,873,006.23


03/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.94%
49.89%
-$126,455,193.42


03/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.16%
50.94%
-$52,032,955.15


03/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
51.35%
-$73,523,655.00


03/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.60%
51.93%
-$175,667,913.34


03/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.12%
52.19%
$24,400,228.86


03/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.43%
51.94%
-$52,240,074.45


03/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.78%
52.24%
-$168,755,421.95


03/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.69%
53.47%
$47,727,952.60


03/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.28%
52.67%
-$184,577,659.90


03/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.12%
53.38%
$166,329,559.26


03/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.97%
52.17%
-$238,467,551.56


03/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


-$8,237,389.70


03/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.59%
54.32%
-$183,318,960.17


03/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.65%
53.31%
$104,509,048.40


03/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.17%
-$22,716,247.33


03/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.93%
52.31%
-$170,092,822.71


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.90%
53.67%
-$35,902,771.71


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
33.65%
54.34%
$7,447,593.41


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.68%
53.86%
-$226,209,746.91


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.32%
55.28%
-$78,239,231.18


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.68%
56.69%
-$146,523,665.98


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.76%
59.03%
$33,503,679.07


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
37.78%
58.38%
-$93,971,904.49


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.09%
58.54%
-$64,492,373.10


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.77%
58.82%
-$162,109,108.44


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.90%
58.41%
$95,795,342.82


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.74%
58.10%
-$123,016,060.59


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
39.46%
57.90%
$5,091,113.50


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.59%
58.54%
-$211,298,967.30


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.98%
59.75%
-$161,658,708.18


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
42.26%
60.71%
-$22,816,769.41


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
41.99%
61.36%
$145,498,662.01


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
43.03%
61.44%
-$23,782,877.55


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.59%
61.64%
$2,485,523.68


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
42.12%
61.63%
-$7,578,759.08


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.54%
61.66%
$124,783,168.11


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.47%
60.25%
-$198,271.19


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.85%
60.25%
-$28,913,797.40


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
32.72%
60.22%
-$373,790,767.39


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
33.97%
60.59%
-$217,634,033.34


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
34.84%
62.67%
-$246,732,017.06


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.16%
62.16%
$300,450,064.83



×




Liquid Assets

(all classes)









as of 7/26/17






Daily


36.43%





Show More Daily Liquid Assets Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Institutional Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

36.43%
53.68%
$17,673,560.93


07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.76%
53.80%
$439,767,895.75


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
31.65%
50.77%
-$162,051,837.51


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
33.82%
51.80%
-$101,392,513.22


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.72%
54.41%
-$66,277,293.87


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
30.47%
55.21%
-$17,313,493.95


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.19%
57.25%
$41,513,142.38


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.54%
56.60%
$45,055,352.57


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.42%
55.54%
-$1,359,457,344.37


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.15%
64.96%
$100,701,201.70


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.03%
64.38%
-$66,591,320.84


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.82%
63.98%
$24,767,759.19


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.61%
63.85%
$98,195,011.66


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
47.34%
63.01%
-$7,401,809.22


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.30%
62.13%
$39,038,478.41


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.90%
61.97%
$77,740,951.29


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.40%
61.31%
-$36,415,760.10


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
42.83%
59.60%
$119,270,917.01


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.69%
58.86%
-$118,002,189.71


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.29%
59.60%
$75,990,380.91


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.62%
57.57%
$263,049,350.78


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.91%
56.27%
-$69,615,604.77


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.51%
50.39%
-$201,721,210.17


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
35.66%
50.94%
-$272,923,682.72


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.56%
52.95%
$131,924,195.18


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.75%
52.00%
-$54,107,347.01


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.32%
52.40%
-$91,604,844.39


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.45%
52.60%
-$29,393,193.54


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.68%
52.99%
$164,840,042.94


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.77%
52.29%
-$55,307,905.02


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
4.48%
17.65%
-$169,186,893.09


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.36%
52.42%
-$68,359,781.96


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.47%
52.11%
$59,245,124.59


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.17%
51.87%
-$111,239,630.27


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.33%
53.24%
$142,098,293.37


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.41%
53.04%
-$145,305,188.85


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.64%
54.02%
$44,382,750.15


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.14%
54.48%
-$34,133,306.25


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.36%
54.96%
$37,173,923.67


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.18%
55.60%
$61,689,053.77


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.04%
56.59%
$248,713,312.08


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.15%
52.56%
$60,290,695.05


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.80%
51.36%
-$358,325,755.73


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.91%
52.65%
-$21,209,195.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.43%
52.30%
$71,810,526.80


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.14%
51.28%
-$120,290,272.24


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.33%
49.23%
-$88,891,607.26


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
4.55%
11.64%
-$2,713,358.31


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.73%
49.85%
$13,325,901.02


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.26%
50.39%
$92,148,595.75


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.64%
49.90%
-$254,406,275.12


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.79%
51.65%
$33,066,650.56


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
45.07%
51.94%
-$44,873,392.92


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.14%
53.00%
$171,277,030.62


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.38%
53.41%
$67,666,732.21


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.54%
54.06%
$125,015,349.76


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.34%
54.00%
$54,619,653.46


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.07%
53.64%
-$42,387,450.49


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.80%
54.33%
$24,578,940.85


05/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.97%
55.32%
$231,236,384.77


05/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


$95,557,058.95


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.06%
53.73%
$135,858,832.77


04/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.75%
53.54%
$100,309,951.64


04/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.39%
53.67%
$87,044,213.92


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.18%
53.52%
-$28,951,810.47


04/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.63%
53.92%
-$158,249,691.39


04/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.21%
54.67%
-$25,798,859.94


04/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.01%
55.96%
$114,858,397.58


04/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.00%
56.27%
$106,064,369.81


04/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.32%
55.32%
-$39,657,690.07


04/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.81%
55.91%
$245,824,433.35


04/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.40%
54.26%
$125,836,933.64


04/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.40%
53.51%
-$147,918,356.76


04/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
53.32%
$1,253,599.92


04/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.43%
52.54%
$121,364,562.31


04/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.26%
51.55%
$57,852,591.48


04/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.01%
49.99%
$120,508,380.91


04/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.32%
49.50%
$66,328,725.78


04/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.54%
47.82%
$38,547,352.54


04/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.68%
47.46%
-$27,495,316.61


03/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.02%
47.19%
-$56,569,956.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.49%
47.77%
-$19,369,872.96


03/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.64%
47.90%
-$226,873,006.23


03/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.94%
49.89%
-$126,455,193.42


03/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.16%
50.94%
-$52,032,955.15


03/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
51.35%
-$73,523,655.00


03/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.60%
51.93%
-$175,667,913.34


03/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.12%
52.19%
$24,400,228.86


03/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.43%
51.94%
-$52,240,074.45


03/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.78%
52.24%
-$168,755,421.95


03/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.69%
53.47%
$47,727,952.60


03/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.28%
52.67%
-$184,577,659.90


03/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.12%
53.38%
$166,329,559.26


03/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.97%
52.17%
-$238,467,551.56


03/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


-$8,237,389.70


03/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.59%
54.32%
-$183,318,960.17


03/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.65%
53.31%
$104,509,048.40


03/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.17%
-$22,716,247.33


03/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.93%
52.31%
-$170,092,822.71


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.90%
53.67%
-$35,902,771.71


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
33.65%
54.34%
$7,447,593.41


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.68%
53.86%
-$226,209,746.91


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.32%
55.28%
-$78,239,231.18


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.68%
56.69%
-$146,523,665.98


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.76%
59.03%
$33,503,679.07


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
37.78%
58.38%
-$93,971,904.49


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.09%
58.54%
-$64,492,373.10


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.77%
58.82%
-$162,109,108.44


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.90%
58.41%
$95,795,342.82


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.74%
58.10%
-$123,016,060.59


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
39.46%
57.90%
$5,091,113.50


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.59%
58.54%
-$211,298,967.30


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.98%
59.75%
-$161,658,708.18


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
42.26%
60.71%
-$22,816,769.41


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
41.99%
61.36%
$145,498,662.01


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
43.03%
61.44%
-$23,782,877.55


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.59%
61.64%
$2,485,523.68


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
42.12%
61.63%
-$7,578,759.08


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.54%
61.66%
$124,783,168.11


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.47%
60.25%
-$198,271.19


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.85%
60.25%
-$28,913,797.40


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
32.72%
60.22%
-$373,790,767.39


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
33.97%
60.59%
-$217,634,033.34


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
34.84%
62.67%
-$246,732,017.06


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.16%
62.16%
$300,450,064.83



×




Weekly


53.68%





Show More Weekly Liquid Assets Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Institutional Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

36.43%
53.68%
$17,673,560.93


07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.76%
53.80%
$439,767,895.75


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
31.65%
50.77%
-$162,051,837.51


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
33.82%
51.80%
-$101,392,513.22


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.72%
54.41%
-$66,277,293.87


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
30.47%
55.21%
-$17,313,493.95


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.19%
57.25%
$41,513,142.38


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.54%
56.60%
$45,055,352.57


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.42%
55.54%
-$1,359,457,344.37


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.15%
64.96%
$100,701,201.70


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.03%
64.38%
-$66,591,320.84


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.82%
63.98%
$24,767,759.19


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.61%
63.85%
$98,195,011.66


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
47.34%
63.01%
-$7,401,809.22


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.30%
62.13%
$39,038,478.41


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.90%
61.97%
$77,740,951.29


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.40%
61.31%
-$36,415,760.10


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
42.83%
59.60%
$119,270,917.01


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.69%
58.86%
-$118,002,189.71


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.29%
59.60%
$75,990,380.91


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.62%
57.57%
$263,049,350.78


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.91%
56.27%
-$69,615,604.77


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.51%
50.39%
-$201,721,210.17


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
35.66%
50.94%
-$272,923,682.72


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.56%
52.95%
$131,924,195.18


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.75%
52.00%
-$54,107,347.01


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.32%
52.40%
-$91,604,844.39


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.45%
52.60%
-$29,393,193.54


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.68%
52.99%
$164,840,042.94


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.77%
52.29%
-$55,307,905.02


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
4.48%
17.65%
-$169,186,893.09


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.36%
52.42%
-$68,359,781.96


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.47%
52.11%
$59,245,124.59


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.17%
51.87%
-$111,239,630.27


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.33%
53.24%
$142,098,293.37


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.41%
53.04%
-$145,305,188.85


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.64%
54.02%
$44,382,750.15


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.14%
54.48%
-$34,133,306.25


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.36%
54.96%
$37,173,923.67


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.18%
55.60%
$61,689,053.77


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.04%
56.59%
$248,713,312.08


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.15%
52.56%
$60,290,695.05


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.80%
51.36%
-$358,325,755.73


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.91%
52.65%
-$21,209,195.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.43%
52.30%
$71,810,526.80


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.14%
51.28%
-$120,290,272.24


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.33%
49.23%
-$88,891,607.26


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
4.55%
11.64%
-$2,713,358.31


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.73%
49.85%
$13,325,901.02


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.26%
50.39%
$92,148,595.75


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.64%
49.90%
-$254,406,275.12


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.79%
51.65%
$33,066,650.56


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
45.07%
51.94%
-$44,873,392.92


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.14%
53.00%
$171,277,030.62


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.38%
53.41%
$67,666,732.21


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.54%
54.06%
$125,015,349.76


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.34%
54.00%
$54,619,653.46


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.07%
53.64%
-$42,387,450.49


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.80%
54.33%
$24,578,940.85


05/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.97%
55.32%
$231,236,384.77


05/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


$95,557,058.95


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.06%
53.73%
$135,858,832.77


04/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.75%
53.54%
$100,309,951.64


04/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.39%
53.67%
$87,044,213.92


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.18%
53.52%
-$28,951,810.47


04/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.63%
53.92%
-$158,249,691.39


04/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.21%
54.67%
-$25,798,859.94


04/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.01%
55.96%
$114,858,397.58


04/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.00%
56.27%
$106,064,369.81


04/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.32%
55.32%
-$39,657,690.07


04/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.81%
55.91%
$245,824,433.35


04/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.40%
54.26%
$125,836,933.64


04/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.40%
53.51%
-$147,918,356.76


04/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
53.32%
$1,253,599.92


04/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.43%
52.54%
$121,364,562.31


04/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.26%
51.55%
$57,852,591.48


04/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.01%
49.99%
$120,508,380.91


04/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.32%
49.50%
$66,328,725.78


04/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.54%
47.82%
$38,547,352.54


04/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.68%
47.46%
-$27,495,316.61


03/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.02%
47.19%
-$56,569,956.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.49%
47.77%
-$19,369,872.96


03/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.64%
47.90%
-$226,873,006.23


03/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.94%
49.89%
-$126,455,193.42


03/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.16%
50.94%
-$52,032,955.15


03/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
51.35%
-$73,523,655.00


03/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.60%
51.93%
-$175,667,913.34


03/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.12%
52.19%
$24,400,228.86


03/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.43%
51.94%
-$52,240,074.45


03/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.78%
52.24%
-$168,755,421.95


03/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.69%
53.47%
$47,727,952.60


03/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.28%
52.67%
-$184,577,659.90


03/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.12%
53.38%
$166,329,559.26


03/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.97%
52.17%
-$238,467,551.56


03/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


-$8,237,389.70


03/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.59%
54.32%
-$183,318,960.17


03/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.65%
53.31%
$104,509,048.40


03/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.17%
-$22,716,247.33


03/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.93%
52.31%
-$170,092,822.71


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.90%
53.67%
-$35,902,771.71


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
33.65%
54.34%
$7,447,593.41


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.68%
53.86%
-$226,209,746.91


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.32%
55.28%
-$78,239,231.18


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.68%
56.69%
-$146,523,665.98


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.76%
59.03%
$33,503,679.07


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
37.78%
58.38%
-$93,971,904.49


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.09%
58.54%
-$64,492,373.10


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.77%
58.82%
-$162,109,108.44


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.90%
58.41%
$95,795,342.82


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.74%
58.10%
-$123,016,060.59


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
39.46%
57.90%
$5,091,113.50


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.59%
58.54%
-$211,298,967.30


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.98%
59.75%
-$161,658,708.18


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
42.26%
60.71%
-$22,816,769.41


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
41.99%
61.36%
$145,498,662.01


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
43.03%
61.44%
-$23,782,877.55


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.59%
61.64%
$2,485,523.68


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
42.12%
61.63%
-$7,578,759.08


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.54%
61.66%
$124,783,168.11


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.47%
60.25%
-$198,271.19


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.85%
60.25%
-$28,913,797.40


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
32.72%
60.22%
-$373,790,767.39


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
33.97%
60.59%
-$217,634,033.34


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
34.84%
62.67%
-$246,732,017.06


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.16%
62.16%
$300,450,064.83



×










Yields



E










daily as of 7/26/17











1 Day
0.92%


7 Day with compounding
0.90%


30 Day with compounding
0.88%






The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Asset Allocations



06/30/17










US Govt Agency

55.8%







Repo

35.3%







US Treasury

7.9%







Money Market Funds

0.8%







Variable Rate Demand Notes

0.2%










×









55.8%


US Govt Agency














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Agency











×









35.3%


Repo














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Unrated











×









7.9%


US Treasury














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Treasury, Unrated











×









0.8%


Money Market Funds














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AAA











×









0.2%


Variable Rate Demand Notes














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AA
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








NRSRO Credit Rating 5












55.8%








39.2%








4.0%








0.8%








0.2%






















Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
0.00%


Beta
1.00



R-Squared



100.00



Sharpe Ratio



1.64



Standard Deviation



0.06%



Sortino Ratio




0.83



Information Ratio




0.00







Equity Style















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$6.6 BN









Net In/Outflows

(all classes)









as of 7/26/17


$17,673,560.93








Show More Net Flows Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Institutional Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

36.43%
53.68%
$17,673,560.93


07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.76%
53.80%
$439,767,895.75


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
31.65%
50.77%
-$162,051,837.51


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
33.82%
51.80%
-$101,392,513.22


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.72%
54.41%
-$66,277,293.87


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
30.47%
55.21%
-$17,313,493.95


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.19%
57.25%
$41,513,142.38


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.54%
56.60%
$45,055,352.57


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
32.42%
55.54%
-$1,359,457,344.37


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.15%
64.96%
$100,701,201.70


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.03%
64.38%
-$66,591,320.84


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.82%
63.98%
$24,767,759.19


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.61%
63.85%
$98,195,011.66


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
47.34%
63.01%
-$7,401,809.22


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
44.30%
62.13%
$39,038,478.41


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
43.90%
61.97%
$77,740,951.29


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.40%
61.31%
-$36,415,760.10


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
42.83%
59.60%
$119,270,917.01


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.69%
58.86%
-$118,002,189.71


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.29%
59.60%
$75,990,380.91


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.62%
57.57%
$263,049,350.78


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.91%
56.27%
-$69,615,604.77


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
34.51%
50.39%
-$201,721,210.17


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
35.66%
50.94%
-$272,923,682.72


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.56%
52.95%
$131,924,195.18


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.75%
52.00%
-$54,107,347.01


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.32%
52.40%
-$91,604,844.39


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.45%
52.60%
-$29,393,193.54


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.68%
52.99%
$164,840,042.94


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
36.77%
52.29%
-$55,307,905.02


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
4.48%
17.65%
-$169,186,893.09


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.36%
52.42%
-$68,359,781.96


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.47%
52.11%
$59,245,124.59


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
38.17%
51.87%
-$111,239,630.27


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.33%
53.24%
$142,098,293.37


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.41%
53.04%
-$145,305,188.85


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.64%
54.02%
$44,382,750.15


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.14%
54.48%
-$34,133,306.25


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.36%
54.96%
$37,173,923.67


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
40.18%
55.60%
$61,689,053.77


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.04%
56.59%
$248,713,312.08


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
41.15%
52.56%
$60,290,695.05


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
37.80%
51.36%
-$358,325,755.73


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
39.91%
52.65%
-$21,209,195.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.43%
52.30%
$71,810,526.80


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.14%
51.28%
-$120,290,272.24


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.33%
49.23%
-$88,891,607.26


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
4.55%
11.64%
-$2,713,358.31


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.73%
49.85%
$13,325,901.02


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.26%
50.39%
$92,148,595.75


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.64%
49.90%
-$254,406,275.12


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.79%
51.65%
$33,066,650.56


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
45.07%
51.94%
-$44,873,392.92


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.14%
53.00%
$171,277,030.62


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.38%
53.41%
$67,666,732.21


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.54%
54.06%
$125,015,349.76


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.34%
54.00%
$54,619,653.46


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.07%
53.64%
-$42,387,450.49


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.80%
54.33%
$24,578,940.85


05/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.97%
55.32%
$231,236,384.77


05/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


$95,557,058.95


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.06%
53.73%
$135,858,832.77


04/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.75%
53.54%
$100,309,951.64


04/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.39%
53.67%
$87,044,213.92


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.18%
53.52%
-$28,951,810.47


04/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.63%
53.92%
-$158,249,691.39


04/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
48.21%
54.67%
-$25,798,859.94


04/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
47.01%
55.96%
$114,858,397.58


04/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
46.00%
56.27%
$106,064,369.81


04/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9998
46.32%
55.32%
-$39,657,690.07


04/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.81%
55.91%
$245,824,433.35


04/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.40%
54.26%
$125,836,933.64


04/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.40%
53.51%
-$147,918,356.76


04/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
53.32%
$1,253,599.92


04/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.43%
52.54%
$121,364,562.31


04/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.26%
51.55%
$57,852,591.48


04/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.01%
49.99%
$120,508,380.91


04/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.32%
49.50%
$66,328,725.78


04/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.54%
47.82%
$38,547,352.54


04/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.68%
47.46%
-$27,495,316.61


03/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
40.02%
47.19%
-$56,569,956.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.49%
47.77%
-$19,369,872.96


03/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
39.64%
47.90%
-$226,873,006.23


03/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.94%
49.89%
-$126,455,193.42


03/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.16%
50.94%
-$52,032,955.15


03/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.63%
51.35%
-$73,523,655.00


03/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.60%
51.93%
-$175,667,913.34


03/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.12%
52.19%
$24,400,228.86


03/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.43%
51.94%
-$52,240,074.45


03/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
42.78%
52.24%
-$168,755,421.95


03/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.69%
53.47%
$47,727,952.60


03/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
43.28%
52.67%
-$184,577,659.90


03/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
44.12%
53.38%
$166,329,559.26


03/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
41.97%
52.17%
-$238,467,551.56


03/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999


-$8,237,389.70


03/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.59%
54.32%
-$183,318,960.17


03/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
36.65%
53.31%
$104,509,048.40


03/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.17%
-$22,716,247.33


03/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.93%
52.31%
-$170,092,822.71


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.90%
53.67%
-$35,902,771.71


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
33.65%
54.34%
$7,447,593.41


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
35.68%
53.86%
-$226,209,746.91


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.32%
55.28%
-$78,239,231.18


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.68%
56.69%
-$146,523,665.98


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.76%
59.03%
$33,503,679.07


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
37.78%
58.38%
-$93,971,904.49


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
39.09%
58.54%
-$64,492,373.10


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.77%
58.82%
-$162,109,108.44


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.90%
58.41%
$95,795,342.82


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.74%
58.10%
-$123,016,060.59


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
39.46%
57.90%
$5,091,113.50


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
38.59%
58.54%
-$211,298,967.30


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
40.98%
59.75%
-$161,658,708.18


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
42.26%
60.71%
-$22,816,769.41


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
41.99%
61.36%
$145,498,662.01


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
43.03%
61.44%
-$23,782,877.55


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.59%
61.64%
$2,485,523.68


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
42.12%
61.63%
-$7,578,759.08


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
40.54%
61.66%
$124,783,168.11


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
36.47%
60.25%
-$198,271.19


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.85%
60.25%
-$28,913,797.40


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
32.72%
60.22%
-$373,790,767.39


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
33.97%
60.59%
-$217,634,033.34


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
34.84%
62.67%
-$246,732,017.06


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
35.16%
62.16%
$300,450,064.83



×










Dividends

($ per share)




B









Est Frequency
Monthly


Last Pay Date
6/30/17


Per Share ($)
0.0007


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.0049






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Asset Allocations



06/30/17











US Govt Agency

55.8%







Repo

35.3%







US Treasury

7.9%







Money Market Fu...

0.8%







Variable Rate D...

0.2%










Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




NRSRO Credit Rating








55.8%








39.2%








4.0%








0.8%








0.2%
















×









55.8%


US Govt Agency














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Agency











×









35.3%


Repo














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Unrated











×









7.9%


US Treasury














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Treasury, Unrated











×









0.8%


Money Market Funds














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AAA











×









0.2%


Variable Rate Demand Notes














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AA





















Management















Christopher Proctor, CFA





Managed Fund since
5/10
















Adam S. Wilde, CFA





Managed Fund since
7/13










Investment Approach

The portfolio managers invest in a portfolio of high quality, short-term money market investments.  In managing the Fund, the portfolio managers seek current income and stability of principal.  The Fund is designed for investors with elevated requirements for liquidity, short or uncertain investment time horizons, and minimal tolerance for loss of principal.  



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Cash Strategies Team Risk Management

The team monitors the strategies' duration and weighted average maturity relative to predetermined risk limits in concert with our firm's independent Risk Management Department.  Additionally, the team includes a staff of dedicated credit and risk analysts focused on credit quality, maturity of investments and diversification.  The team's traders and risk analytics group support compliance with risk-limiting guidelines.

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm's Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.

Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics


The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.


We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.



An investment in money market funds is neither insured nor guaranteed by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value
of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.



×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Fact Sheet













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













L Share Yield Sheet













P Share Yield Sheet













Weekly Holdings













Business Calendar













Sales Charge & Commission Guide













Monthly Holdings







SEC Form N-MFP*



Go to literature center









Insights













Sales Ideas
Compelling Wealth Management Conversations





Ideas to help financial advisors guide client investment decisions and keep them on track.












Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.











Loading...



×











1. 
You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


2. 
In connection with new rules governing money market funds that will be fully implemented in October 2016, effective September 28, 2016, Oppenheimer Institutional Money Market Fund changed its name to Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund, and made changes to its investment strategies that will enable it to operate as a government money market fund. See the Fund's prospectus for more information.


3. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


4. 
Access index definitions.


5. 
The credit rating table presents ratable securities only. If included in the credit rating breakdown table, all securities except for those labeled "Treasury," "Agency," and "Unrated," and except for certain securities issued or guaranteed by a foreign sovereign, have been rated by at least one Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ("NRSRO"), such as S&P Global Ratings ("S&P"). For securities rated only by an NRSRO other than S&P, the Manager converts that rating to the equivalent S&P rating.  If two or more NRSROs have assigned a rating to a security, the highest S&P equivalent rating is used. Unrated securities issue or guaranteed by a foreign sovereign are assigned a credit rating equal to the highest NRSRO rating assigned to the foreign sovereign.  Unrated securities do not necessarily indicate low credit quality, and may or may not be the equivalent of investment-grade. "Investment-grade" securities are securities rated within the NRSRO's four highest rating categories (AAA, AA, A and BBB). "Short-Term Rated" is used for securities that have short-term NRSRO ratings.  All short-term ratings for the Fund are S&P rated (or equivalent) A-1+, A-1, or A-2, which are the two highest short-term rating categories and considered to be investment-grade. Please consult the Fund's Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information for further information.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩


C. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


D. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩


E. 
Yield (based on net investment income for the 7-day and 30-day periods ended as shown) is annualized and divided by offering price on month-end. The yield quotation more closely reflects the current earnings of the money market fund than the total return quotation. 
↩


*SEC Form N-MFP is available 60 days after the end of the month.











You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )










IOPXX Fund - Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund P Overview - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,733.76


22.75


0.10%











S&P 500

2,467.48


-10.35


-0.42%











Nasdaq

6,360.43


-62.32


-0.97%











GlobalDow

2,848.55


-0.98


-0.03%











Gold

1,267.50


11.90


0.95%











Oil

48.98


0.23


0.47%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
10.5




TSCO 
8.4




VZ 
7.6




ORLY 
6.8






CA
-10.2




XL
-7.7




WHR
-7.2




FFIV
-7.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:02p

Updated
Dropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 



3:00p

Nordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade



3:00p

Dow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year



3:00p

AT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase



2:54p

Updated
Treasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal



2:53p

Dow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory



2:52p

Updated
Whirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance



2:47p

Breaking
Nasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade



2:42p

Updated
The open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...



2:42p

Updated
Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


IOPXX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



IOPXX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund P

Watchlist 
CreateIOPXXAlert



  



Last Updated:  EDT



$
0.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$-





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  

   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range




YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.59%








TWTR

-13.64%








AAPL

-2.31%








QQQ

-0.97%








BABA

-1.45%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








Put your money where your mindset is
              
              Socially conscious mutual funds invest in ways that can be good for society and your portfolio.              
              
            

1:35 p.m.  Today1:35 p.m. July 27, 2017






How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
              
              Political and economic turmoil in Venezuela could fuel a rise in oil prices—something the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, despite it’s efforts to cut back production, hasn’t been able to do.              
              
            

2:07 p.m. July 26, 2017






Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
              
              Talk from OPEC isn’t the only reason prices for oil scored their biggest single-session gain of the year.              
              
            

3:49 a.m. July 26, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.35
+0.34
+0.29%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.99
+0.07
+0.03%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.63
+0.06
+0.12%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
196.25
-0.71
-0.36%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
20.75
+0.42
+2.07%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.51
-0.03
-0.09%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.98
+0.31
+2.45%








Exchange Traded Funds »














SPY



							7/27/2017 3:03pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.42


-1.01
-0.41%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
143.44
-1.43
-0.99%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
142.08
-1.17
-0.82%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.86
-0.19
-0.76%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
66.31
+0.43
+0.65%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.61
-0.40
-0.91%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Facebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
              
              Facebook Inc. has been predicting for exactly one year that its ad load rate will slow, which should affect Facebook’s financial performance, even as it continues to post phenomenal growth rates for profit and revenue.               
              
            

12:00 p.m.  Today12:00 p.m. July 27, 2017






These companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
              
              Investors might want to consider why top executives are at odds with their companies’ share-repurchase programs.              
              
            

11:32 a.m.  Today11:32 a.m. July 27, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
24.10
-0.11
-0.44%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
67.56
-0.43
-0.63%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
72.75
-1.30
-1.76%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.90
+0.15
+0.42%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.35
-0.31
-0.98%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.15
+0.09
+0.77%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.59
-0.32
-0.58%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.34
-0.59
-0.64%








Bonds »








Dow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
              
              The Dow Jones Transportation Average  plunged Thursday toward its worst day in 13 months, with all 20 components contributing to losses. The index dropped 327 points, or 3.5%, the biggest point and percentage declines since it tumbled 351 points, or 4.6%, on June 24, 2016. The biggest decliner on Thursday was transport management company Landstar System Inc.'s stock  which shed 7.9% after reporting a second-quarter profit that were in line with analyst expectations, but came as recent share strength suggested "heightened" investor expectations, according to KeyBanc Capital analyst Todd Fowler. Provider of marine transport products Kirby Corp.  reported late Wednesday earnings that matched the FactSet consensus but revenue that missed, sending the stock down 5.6%. And United Parcel Service Inc. shares  slid 4.3% after the company beat profit and sales expectations, but provided a somewhat downbeat earnings outlook. The Dow transports' selloff come in contrast to the rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which tacked on 19 points.              
              
            

3 min ago3:00 p.m. July 27, 2017






Bunker Fuel - Global Market Outlook (2017-2023)
              
              Bunker Fuel - Global Market Outlook (2017-2023)              
              
            

5 min ago2:58 p.m. July 27, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/27/2017 3:02pm
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1082


-0.02
-1.58%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.13
-0.0052
-0.46%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.37
+0.0039
+0.29%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.85
+0.02
+1.08%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.31
+0.02
+0.97%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.93
+0.04
+1.21%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/27/2017 1:48pm
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

10.73


+1.13
+11.77%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.41
-10.42
-0.42%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,733.07
+22.06
+0.10%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,360.15
-62.60
-0.97%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,429.66
-12.62
-0.87%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,764.73
-11.96
-0.67%








Currencies »








Dollar rises from 13-month low
              
              The U.S. dollar rises on Thursday, gaining against major rivals in what analysts suggest a mild consolidation following precipitous declines over recent weeks.               
              
            

21 min ago2:41 p.m. July 27, 2017






Donald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
              
              The Trump administration’s trade bullying “has killed the dollar bull,” says Pimco’s Joachim Fels.              
              
            

8:24 a.m.  Today8:24 a.m. July 27, 2017












USDJPY



							7/27/2017 3:03pm
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.095


-0.0830
-0.0747%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3071
-0.0051
-0.3887%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1565
+0.0177
+0.5639%








Commodities »






Venezuela Vote: Pain For Democracy, Citgo, Refiners & Summer Vacation?
              
              Venezuela could further turn its back on democracy in a vote Sunday that may have ramifications in the U.S. refining industry, if the United States retaliates.              
              
            

< 1 min ago3:03 p.m. July 27, 2017






The Netherlands to Take Center Stage in European Power Rental Market
              
              The Netherlands to Take Center Stage in European Power Rental Market              
              
            

< 1 min ago3:02 p.m. July 27, 2017










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
51.48
+0.51
+1.00%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.61
+0.0078
+0.49%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.96
+0.05
+1.61%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,267.30
+11.70
+0.93%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.59
+0.13
+0.80%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
929.50
+6.80
+0.74%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
386.75
+0.75
+0.19%

















Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Stock market retreats from records as tech stocks drop sharply






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
2:48pBREAKINGNasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade
2:43pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
2:42pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...
2:42pDollar rises from 13-month low
2:42pTrump’s bank regulator nominees see student, car loans as sources of risk
2:41pRestaurant chains are quietly pushing sugar on your kids
2:41pWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
2:41pOil prices up a fourth session in a row
2:34pSept. WTI oil gains 29 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $49.04/bbl
2:34pWTI oil marks highest finish on Nymex since May 30
2:30pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
2:28pGold scores highest finish in six weeks
2:25pStock market internals suggest investors remain calm despite spike in volatility
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,733.86

+22.85
+0.11%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,360.44

-62.31
-0.97%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.50

-10.33
-0.42%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
2:48pBREAKINGNasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade
2:43pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
2:42pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...
2:42pDollar rises from 13-month low
2:42pTrump’s bank regulator nominees see student, car loans as sources of risk
2:41pRestaurant chains are quietly pushing sugar on your kids
2:41pWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
2:41pOil prices up a fourth session in a row
2:34pSept. WTI oil gains 29 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $49.04/bbl
2:34pWTI oil marks highest finish on Nymex since May 30
2:30pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
2:28pGold scores highest finish in six weeks
2:25pStock market internals suggest investors remain calm despite spike in volatility
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,734.72

+23.71
+0.11%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,360.57

-62.17
-0.97%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.56

-10.27
-0.41%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
2:48pBREAKINGNasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade
2:43pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
2:42pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...
2:42pDollar rises from 13-month low
2:42pTrump’s bank regulator nominees see student, car loans as sources of risk
2:41pRestaurant chains are quietly pushing sugar on your kids
2:41pWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
2:41pOil prices up a fourth session in a row
2:34pSept. WTI oil gains 29 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $49.04/bbl
2:34pWTI oil marks highest finish on Nymex since May 30
2:30pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
2:28pGold scores highest finish in six weeks
2:25pStock market internals suggest investors remain calm despite spike in volatility
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,733.16

+22.15
+0.10%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,360.15

-62.59
-0.97%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.43

-10.40
-0.42%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































IOPXX Fund - Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund P Overview - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,733.86


22.85


0.11%











S&P 500

2,467.52


-10.31


-0.42%











Nasdaq

6,360.44


-62.31


-0.97%











GlobalDow

2,848.55


-0.98


-0.03%











Gold

1,267.50


11.90


0.95%











Oil

48.98


0.23


0.47%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
10.5




TSCO 
8.4




VZ 
7.6




ORLY 
6.8






CA
-10.2




XL
-7.7




WHR
-7.2




FFIV
-7.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:02p

Updated
Dropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 



3:00p

Nordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade



3:00p

Dow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year



3:00p

AT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase



2:54p

Updated
Treasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal



2:53p

Dow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory



2:52p

Updated
Whirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance



2:47p

Breaking
Nasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade



2:42p

Updated
The open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...



2:42p

Updated
Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


IOPXX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



IOPXX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund P

Watchlist 
CreateIOPXXAlert



  



Last Updated:  EDT



$
0.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$-





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  

   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range




YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.60%








TWTR

-13.65%








AAPL

-2.33%








QQQ

-0.99%








BABA

-1.43%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.











  IOEXX Quote - Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund   IOEXX:US   NASDAQ GM        1.00USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Days to Maturity   39    Total Assets (b -) (on 07/26/2017)   5.628    Inception Date   10/03/2006    52Wk Range   0.27 - 0.89                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    52Wk Range   0.27 - 0.89    Days to Maturity   39    Total Assets (b -) (on 07/26/2017)   5.628    Inception Date   10/03/2006    Fund Managers   CHRIS PROCTOR / LISA CROTTY    Current Mgmt Fee   0.10%    Expense Ratio   0.10%                     Profile   Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks current income and stability of principal. The Fund invests in a variety of high-quality money market instruments to seek income.    Address  Oppenheimer Funds2 World Financial Center225 Liberty Street11th FloorNew York, NY 10281-1008   Phone  1-800-525-7048   Website   www.oppenheimerfunds.com              



IOEXX Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund Class E money market fund, quote, price - Morningstar

























Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 










Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund Class E
 IOEXX


Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchase








Growth of 10K
 IOEXX
More...










Top Holdings
 IOEXX
More...







Top Sectors
 IOEXX
More...







Dividend and Capital Gains Distributions
 IOEXX
More...





S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 
    	

All data supplied by Morningstar Real-Time Data. U.S. intraday real-time exchange quotes are sourced from BATS when available. End-of-day quotes for Nasdaq, NYSE, and Amex securities will appear 15 minutes after close. Graph times are Eastern Standard. © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. 



















Style Map
 IOEXX
More...







Asset Allocation
 IOEXX
More...





















 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 















Government Money Market Fund (OMBXX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




















Money Market



Government Money Market Fund


1


2





The Fund typically invests in short-term investment-grade debt securities





Print

Buy





Buy







CLASS A: OMBXX                CUSIP: 683905103


CLASS Y: OMYXX                CUSIP: 683905202










Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
Pensionmark Securities LLC
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Weekly Holdings



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Monthly Holdings



SEC Form N-MFP*



Go to literature center







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 4/17/74

161%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



Money Market



Government Money Market Fund


1


2






 A 

Share Class






Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

0.07%
0.03%
0.02%
0.54%
3.19%



With Sales Charge

0.07%
0.03%
0.02%
0.54%
3.19%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
0.64%
Net Expense Ratio:

 
0.64%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




15Y




20Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices



























Government Money Market Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00























Income Dividend History



B













No income dividends were paid during this time.












Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/26/17














































































































































 
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



C









Government Money Market Fund
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
6.38
7.14
8.88
7.99
5.87
3.47
2.71
3.76
5.40
4.78
4.94
4.91
4.71
5.92
3.73
1.35
0.52
0.75
2.71
4.56
4.88
2.70
0.23
0.01
0.01
0.01
0.01
0.01
0.01
0.01

0.09




n/a

























































































—















Capital Gains Distributions
($ per share)







Data as of 7/27/17

























 

2012


2013


2014


2015


2016





Short Term
—
—
—
—
—


Long Term
—
—
—
—
—


Total Amount of Distribution
—
—
—
—
—


Record Date
—
—
12/19/14
—
—


Ex Div Date
—
—
12/19/14
—
—


Pay Date
—
—
12/19/14
—
—





There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.








The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.09%


1 Year
0.07%


3 Year
0.03%


5 Year
0.02%


10 Year
0.54%


Since Inception
3.19%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.09%


1 Year
0.07%


3 Year
0.03%


5 Year
0.02%


10 Year
0.54%


Since Inception
3.19%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.09%


1 Year
0.07%


3 Year
0.03%


5 Year
0.02%


10 Year
0.54%


Since Inception
3.19%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





0.09%


1 Year
0.07%


3 Year
0.03%


5 Year
0.02%


10 Year
0.54%


Since Inception
3.19%







Gross Expense Ratio





0.64%





NAV



D







as of 7/26/17


$1.00









Market Based NAV

(all classes)









as of 7/25/17


$0.9999








Show More Market Based NAV Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

35.08%
54.16%



07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
37.40%
53.88%
-$4,220,807.10


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.47%
54.59%
-$857,339.19


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.32%
54.41%
$1,294,976.77


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.60%
55.11%
-$1,989,026.98


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.26%
54.81%
-$14,794,445.74


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.82%
56.28%
-$4,113,306.65


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.20%
55.72%
-$3,290,974.26


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.26%
55.65%
-$1,039,042.34


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.42%
56.03%
-$19,129,218.40


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.44%
55.73%
$2,446,239.76


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.92%
56.38%
-$1,138,953.07


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.08%
56.16%
-$528,707.26


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.12%
55.59%
$20,664,931.73


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.19%
54.68%
-$1,715,090.27


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.78%
56.61%
$2,871,005.37


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.19%
56.72%
$614,302.45


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.86%
56.61%
-$357,918.41


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.06%
56.70%
-$2,854,672.51


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.91%
57.21%
-$1,805,775.18


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.03%
56.90%
-$2,786,007.77


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.41%
57.70%
$3,208,034.53


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.53%
55.03%
-$731,250.71


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.29%
54.89%
-$1,762,156.82


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.81%
55.39%
$10,066,290.16


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.61%
55.36%
-$13,234.87


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.15%
55.36%
-$466,833.21


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.01%
54.16%
$1,577,230.73


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.10%
54.80%
-$4,871,482.39


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.71%
54.69%
-$2,492,941.90


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.39%
30.63%
-$1,349,688.94


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.67%
52.93%
$897,834.07


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.30%
51.70%
-$2,034,512.82


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.93%
52.11%
-$1,454,146.82


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
52.16%
-$1,800,741.96


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.02%
52.26%
-$2,095,066.69


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.42%
52.21%
$4,074,932.98


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.15%
52.70%
-$1,595,167.70


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
54.26%
$963,234.14


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.23%
54.71%
-$1,548,772.20


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.70%
54.75%
$1,509,498.53


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.24%
-$944,453.67


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.36%
52.29%
-$1,371,828.48


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.44%
52.75%
-$1,806,820.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.10%
52.43%
-$1,909,538.98


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.02%
52.29%
-$1,799,766.12


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.53%
48.33%
$128,587.49


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.32%
27.08%
$728,258.89


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.16%
48.93%
$10,284.70


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.60%
50.00%
-$766,749.80


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.12%
48.98%
-$290,353.36


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.10%
48.99%
-$712,755.11


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.17%
48.27%
-$1,710,188.86


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.43%
47.65%
-$1,380,332.43


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.77%
48.68%
-$12,333.48


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.24%
48.68%
-$4,340,504.87


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.55%
48.37%
-$1,901,510.53


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.67%
47.98%
$713,107.66


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.47%
49.31%
-$3,732,644.10


05/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.96%
49.38%
-$2,978,739.66


05/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


$7,398,562.44


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.65%
49.02%
$670,429.92


04/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
49.03%
-$3,183,933.46


04/26/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.33%
49.03%
$250,071.37


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.45%
49.62%
-$2,513,247.27


04/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.32%
49.09%
$412,313.77


04/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.90%
49.63%
-$495,405.90


04/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.24%
50.71%
-$2,117,385.42


04/19/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.69%
52.10%
-$1,618,279.67


04/18/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.86%
52.11%
-$1,846,950.86


04/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.82%
52.30%
$3,224,405.43


04/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.78%
52.54%
-$3,833,490.70


04/12/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.14%
52.70%
-$1,011,008.38


04/11/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.29%
52.05%
-$65,915.19


04/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
51.19%
$416,517.41


04/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.59%
50.47%
-$1,528,951.00


04/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.69%
49.51%
-$1,431,040.00


04/05/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.33%
49.60%
$787,130.53


04/04/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.39%
47.92%
-$1,256,307.39


04/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.93%
48.10%
$1,600,490.19


03/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.36%
48.99%
-$9,077,984.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.23%
50.49%
-$48,889,292.23


03/29/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.14%
50.48%
-$1,281,906.32


03/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.48%
51.28%
-$1,584,532.47


03/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.46%
52.08%
$934,692.28


03/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.38%
51.41%
-$3,338,183.87


03/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.77%
51.66%
-$1,204,241.35


03/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.32%
50.43%
$1,099,983.59


03/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.95%
50.61%
-$2,338,557.41


03/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.57%
51.35%
$534,532.22


03/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.07%
51.30%
-$2,970,993.04


03/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.87%
51.58%
-$5,834,735.89


03/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.23%
52.26%
-$7,328,844.13


03/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.44%
52.66%
-$1,769,652.08


03/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


-$2,530,848.76


03/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.58%
54.86%
-$157,528.98


03/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.79%
54.82%
-$475,936.43


03/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.37%
54.68%
$1,744,869.67


03/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.22%
54.94%
-$12,384,884.12


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.91%
54.79%
$8,073,517.27


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.53%
56.41%
-$844,415.82


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.24%
56.19%
$7,945,308.96


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.54%
56.16%
$921,503.88


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.10%
57.22%
-$1,699,777.96


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.98%
58.76%
$2,649,921.78


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.63%
57.68%
-$3,834,070.53


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.55%
57.60%
$600,104.32


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.50%
57.88%
-$2,102,088.89


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.61%
56.71%
-$1,204,204.90


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.26%
55.82%
-$129,092.49


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.00%
55.22%
-$932,068.09


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.76%
56.02%
-$2,117,441.93


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.38%
56.11%
-$3,891,142.61


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.46%
56.48%
-$2,821,237.15


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.27%
57.36%
-$7,541,140.42


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
33.62%
57.52%
$5,921,240.26


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.23%
57.75%
-$1,192,468.21


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.12%
59.32%
-$4,407,033.36


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.76%
60.32%
-$4,417,319.74


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.01%
59.39%
-$2,014,801.10


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.57%
59.67%
$1,903,211.56


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.94%
59.75%
$697,050.98


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.89%
59.08%
-$2,485,149.66


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.82%
60.54%
-$6,753,961.37


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.14%
58.92%
$3,832,960.60



×




Liquid Assets

(all classes)









as of 7/26/17






Daily


35.08%





Show More Daily Liquid Assets Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

35.08%
54.16%



07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
37.40%
53.88%
-$4,220,807.10


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.47%
54.59%
-$857,339.19


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.32%
54.41%
$1,294,976.77


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.60%
55.11%
-$1,989,026.98


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.26%
54.81%
-$14,794,445.74


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.82%
56.28%
-$4,113,306.65


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.20%
55.72%
-$3,290,974.26


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.26%
55.65%
-$1,039,042.34


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.42%
56.03%
-$19,129,218.40


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.44%
55.73%
$2,446,239.76


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.92%
56.38%
-$1,138,953.07


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.08%
56.16%
-$528,707.26


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.12%
55.59%
$20,664,931.73


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.19%
54.68%
-$1,715,090.27


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.78%
56.61%
$2,871,005.37


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.19%
56.72%
$614,302.45


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.86%
56.61%
-$357,918.41


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.06%
56.70%
-$2,854,672.51


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.91%
57.21%
-$1,805,775.18


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.03%
56.90%
-$2,786,007.77


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.41%
57.70%
$3,208,034.53


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.53%
55.03%
-$731,250.71


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.29%
54.89%
-$1,762,156.82


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.81%
55.39%
$10,066,290.16


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.61%
55.36%
-$13,234.87


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.15%
55.36%
-$466,833.21


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.01%
54.16%
$1,577,230.73


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.10%
54.80%
-$4,871,482.39


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.71%
54.69%
-$2,492,941.90


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.39%
30.63%
-$1,349,688.94


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.67%
52.93%
$897,834.07


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.30%
51.70%
-$2,034,512.82


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.93%
52.11%
-$1,454,146.82


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
52.16%
-$1,800,741.96


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.02%
52.26%
-$2,095,066.69


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.42%
52.21%
$4,074,932.98


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.15%
52.70%
-$1,595,167.70


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
54.26%
$963,234.14


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.23%
54.71%
-$1,548,772.20


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.70%
54.75%
$1,509,498.53


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.24%
-$944,453.67


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.36%
52.29%
-$1,371,828.48


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.44%
52.75%
-$1,806,820.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.10%
52.43%
-$1,909,538.98


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.02%
52.29%
-$1,799,766.12


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.53%
48.33%
$128,587.49


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.32%
27.08%
$728,258.89


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.16%
48.93%
$10,284.70


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.60%
50.00%
-$766,749.80


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.12%
48.98%
-$290,353.36


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.10%
48.99%
-$712,755.11


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.17%
48.27%
-$1,710,188.86


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.43%
47.65%
-$1,380,332.43


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.77%
48.68%
-$12,333.48


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.24%
48.68%
-$4,340,504.87


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.55%
48.37%
-$1,901,510.53


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.67%
47.98%
$713,107.66


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.47%
49.31%
-$3,732,644.10


05/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.96%
49.38%
-$2,978,739.66


05/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


$7,398,562.44


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.65%
49.02%
$670,429.92


04/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
49.03%
-$3,183,933.46


04/26/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.33%
49.03%
$250,071.37


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.45%
49.62%
-$2,513,247.27


04/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.32%
49.09%
$412,313.77


04/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.90%
49.63%
-$495,405.90


04/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.24%
50.71%
-$2,117,385.42


04/19/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.69%
52.10%
-$1,618,279.67


04/18/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.86%
52.11%
-$1,846,950.86


04/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.82%
52.30%
$3,224,405.43


04/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.78%
52.54%
-$3,833,490.70


04/12/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.14%
52.70%
-$1,011,008.38


04/11/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.29%
52.05%
-$65,915.19


04/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
51.19%
$416,517.41


04/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.59%
50.47%
-$1,528,951.00


04/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.69%
49.51%
-$1,431,040.00


04/05/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.33%
49.60%
$787,130.53


04/04/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.39%
47.92%
-$1,256,307.39


04/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.93%
48.10%
$1,600,490.19


03/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.36%
48.99%
-$9,077,984.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.23%
50.49%
-$48,889,292.23


03/29/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.14%
50.48%
-$1,281,906.32


03/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.48%
51.28%
-$1,584,532.47


03/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.46%
52.08%
$934,692.28


03/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.38%
51.41%
-$3,338,183.87


03/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.77%
51.66%
-$1,204,241.35


03/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.32%
50.43%
$1,099,983.59


03/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.95%
50.61%
-$2,338,557.41


03/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.57%
51.35%
$534,532.22


03/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.07%
51.30%
-$2,970,993.04


03/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.87%
51.58%
-$5,834,735.89


03/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.23%
52.26%
-$7,328,844.13


03/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.44%
52.66%
-$1,769,652.08


03/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


-$2,530,848.76


03/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.58%
54.86%
-$157,528.98


03/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.79%
54.82%
-$475,936.43


03/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.37%
54.68%
$1,744,869.67


03/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.22%
54.94%
-$12,384,884.12


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.91%
54.79%
$8,073,517.27


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.53%
56.41%
-$844,415.82


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.24%
56.19%
$7,945,308.96


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.54%
56.16%
$921,503.88


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.10%
57.22%
-$1,699,777.96


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.98%
58.76%
$2,649,921.78


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.63%
57.68%
-$3,834,070.53


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.55%
57.60%
$600,104.32


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.50%
57.88%
-$2,102,088.89


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.61%
56.71%
-$1,204,204.90


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.26%
55.82%
-$129,092.49


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.00%
55.22%
-$932,068.09


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.76%
56.02%
-$2,117,441.93


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.38%
56.11%
-$3,891,142.61


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.46%
56.48%
-$2,821,237.15


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.27%
57.36%
-$7,541,140.42


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
33.62%
57.52%
$5,921,240.26


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.23%
57.75%
-$1,192,468.21


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.12%
59.32%
-$4,407,033.36


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.76%
60.32%
-$4,417,319.74


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.01%
59.39%
-$2,014,801.10


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.57%
59.67%
$1,903,211.56


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.94%
59.75%
$697,050.98


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.89%
59.08%
-$2,485,149.66


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.82%
60.54%
-$6,753,961.37


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.14%
58.92%
$3,832,960.60



×




Weekly


54.16%





Show More Weekly Liquid Assets Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

35.08%
54.16%



07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
37.40%
53.88%
-$4,220,807.10


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.47%
54.59%
-$857,339.19


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.32%
54.41%
$1,294,976.77


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.60%
55.11%
-$1,989,026.98


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.26%
54.81%
-$14,794,445.74


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.82%
56.28%
-$4,113,306.65


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.20%
55.72%
-$3,290,974.26


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.26%
55.65%
-$1,039,042.34


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.42%
56.03%
-$19,129,218.40


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.44%
55.73%
$2,446,239.76


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.92%
56.38%
-$1,138,953.07


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.08%
56.16%
-$528,707.26


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.12%
55.59%
$20,664,931.73


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.19%
54.68%
-$1,715,090.27


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.78%
56.61%
$2,871,005.37


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.19%
56.72%
$614,302.45


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.86%
56.61%
-$357,918.41


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.06%
56.70%
-$2,854,672.51


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.91%
57.21%
-$1,805,775.18


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.03%
56.90%
-$2,786,007.77


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.41%
57.70%
$3,208,034.53


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.53%
55.03%
-$731,250.71


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.29%
54.89%
-$1,762,156.82


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.81%
55.39%
$10,066,290.16


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.61%
55.36%
-$13,234.87


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.15%
55.36%
-$466,833.21


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.01%
54.16%
$1,577,230.73


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.10%
54.80%
-$4,871,482.39


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.71%
54.69%
-$2,492,941.90


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.39%
30.63%
-$1,349,688.94


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.67%
52.93%
$897,834.07


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.30%
51.70%
-$2,034,512.82


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.93%
52.11%
-$1,454,146.82


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
52.16%
-$1,800,741.96


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.02%
52.26%
-$2,095,066.69


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.42%
52.21%
$4,074,932.98


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.15%
52.70%
-$1,595,167.70


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
54.26%
$963,234.14


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.23%
54.71%
-$1,548,772.20


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.70%
54.75%
$1,509,498.53


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.24%
-$944,453.67


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.36%
52.29%
-$1,371,828.48


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.44%
52.75%
-$1,806,820.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.10%
52.43%
-$1,909,538.98


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.02%
52.29%
-$1,799,766.12


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.53%
48.33%
$128,587.49


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.32%
27.08%
$728,258.89


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.16%
48.93%
$10,284.70


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.60%
50.00%
-$766,749.80


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.12%
48.98%
-$290,353.36


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.10%
48.99%
-$712,755.11


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.17%
48.27%
-$1,710,188.86


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.43%
47.65%
-$1,380,332.43


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.77%
48.68%
-$12,333.48


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.24%
48.68%
-$4,340,504.87


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.55%
48.37%
-$1,901,510.53


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.67%
47.98%
$713,107.66


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.47%
49.31%
-$3,732,644.10


05/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.96%
49.38%
-$2,978,739.66


05/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


$7,398,562.44


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.65%
49.02%
$670,429.92


04/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
49.03%
-$3,183,933.46


04/26/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.33%
49.03%
$250,071.37


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.45%
49.62%
-$2,513,247.27


04/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.32%
49.09%
$412,313.77


04/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.90%
49.63%
-$495,405.90


04/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.24%
50.71%
-$2,117,385.42


04/19/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.69%
52.10%
-$1,618,279.67


04/18/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.86%
52.11%
-$1,846,950.86


04/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.82%
52.30%
$3,224,405.43


04/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.78%
52.54%
-$3,833,490.70


04/12/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.14%
52.70%
-$1,011,008.38


04/11/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.29%
52.05%
-$65,915.19


04/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
51.19%
$416,517.41


04/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.59%
50.47%
-$1,528,951.00


04/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.69%
49.51%
-$1,431,040.00


04/05/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.33%
49.60%
$787,130.53


04/04/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.39%
47.92%
-$1,256,307.39


04/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.93%
48.10%
$1,600,490.19


03/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.36%
48.99%
-$9,077,984.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.23%
50.49%
-$48,889,292.23


03/29/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.14%
50.48%
-$1,281,906.32


03/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.48%
51.28%
-$1,584,532.47


03/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.46%
52.08%
$934,692.28


03/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.38%
51.41%
-$3,338,183.87


03/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.77%
51.66%
-$1,204,241.35


03/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.32%
50.43%
$1,099,983.59


03/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.95%
50.61%
-$2,338,557.41


03/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.57%
51.35%
$534,532.22


03/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.07%
51.30%
-$2,970,993.04


03/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.87%
51.58%
-$5,834,735.89


03/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.23%
52.26%
-$7,328,844.13


03/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.44%
52.66%
-$1,769,652.08


03/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


-$2,530,848.76


03/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.58%
54.86%
-$157,528.98


03/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.79%
54.82%
-$475,936.43


03/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.37%
54.68%
$1,744,869.67


03/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.22%
54.94%
-$12,384,884.12


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.91%
54.79%
$8,073,517.27


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.53%
56.41%
-$844,415.82


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.24%
56.19%
$7,945,308.96


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.54%
56.16%
$921,503.88


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.10%
57.22%
-$1,699,777.96


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.98%
58.76%
$2,649,921.78


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.63%
57.68%
-$3,834,070.53


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.55%
57.60%
$600,104.32


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.50%
57.88%
-$2,102,088.89


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.61%
56.71%
-$1,204,204.90


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.26%
55.82%
-$129,092.49


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.00%
55.22%
-$932,068.09


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.76%
56.02%
-$2,117,441.93


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.38%
56.11%
-$3,891,142.61


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.46%
56.48%
-$2,821,237.15


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.27%
57.36%
-$7,541,140.42


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
33.62%
57.52%
$5,921,240.26


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.23%
57.75%
-$1,192,468.21


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.12%
59.32%
-$4,407,033.36


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.76%
60.32%
-$4,417,319.74


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.01%
59.39%
-$2,014,801.10


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.57%
59.67%
$1,903,211.56


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.94%
59.75%
$697,050.98


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.89%
59.08%
-$2,485,149.66


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.82%
60.54%
-$6,753,961.37


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.14%
58.92%
$3,832,960.60



×










Yields



E










daily as of 7/26/17











1 Day
0.41%


7 Day with compounding
0.40%


30 Day with compounding
0.38%






The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Asset Allocations



06/30/17










US Govt Agency

58.2%







Repo

27.9%







Variable Rate Demand Notes

5.7%







US Treasury

5.0%







Money Market Funds

3.3%










×









58.2%


US Govt Agency














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Agency











×









27.9%


Repo














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Unrated











×









5.7%


Variable Rate Demand Notes














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AAA, AA











×









5.0%


US Treasury














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Treasury











×









3.3%


Money Market Funds














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AAA
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








NRSRO Credit Rating 3












58.2%








27.9%








6.5%








5.0%








2.5%






















Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
0.00%


Beta
1.00



Sharpe Ratio



-3.21



Standard Deviation



0.02%



Sortino Ratio




-0.69



Information Ratio




0.00







Equity Style















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$1.9 BN









Net In/Outflows

(all classes)









as of 7/25/17


-$4,220,807.10








Show More Net Flows Data






Fund Historical Data










as of 7/26/17






Money Market



Government Money Market Fund






Date


Share

Price


Market Based

NAV


Daily

Liquid Assets


Weekly

Liquid Assets


Net Inflows/

Outflows





07/26/2017
$1.00

35.08%
54.16%



07/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
37.40%
53.88%
-$4,220,807.10


07/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.47%
54.59%
-$857,339.19


07/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.32%
54.41%
$1,294,976.77


07/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.60%
55.11%
-$1,989,026.98


07/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.26%
54.81%
-$14,794,445.74


07/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.82%
56.28%
-$4,113,306.65


07/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.20%
55.72%
-$3,290,974.26


07/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.26%
55.65%
-$1,039,042.34


07/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.42%
56.03%
-$19,129,218.40


07/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.44%
55.73%
$2,446,239.76


07/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.92%
56.38%
-$1,138,953.07


07/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.08%
56.16%
-$528,707.26


07/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.12%
55.59%
$20,664,931.73


07/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.19%
54.68%
-$1,715,090.27


07/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.78%
56.61%
$2,871,005.37


07/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.19%
56.72%
$614,302.45


06/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.86%
56.61%
-$357,918.41


06/29/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.06%
56.70%
-$2,854,672.51


06/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.91%
57.21%
-$1,805,775.18


06/27/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.03%
56.90%
-$2,786,007.77


06/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.41%
57.70%
$3,208,034.53


06/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.53%
55.03%
-$731,250.71


06/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.29%
54.89%
-$1,762,156.82


06/21/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.81%
55.39%
$10,066,290.16


06/20/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.61%
55.36%
-$13,234.87


06/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.15%
55.36%
-$466,833.21


06/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.01%
54.16%
$1,577,230.73


06/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
24.10%
54.80%
-$4,871,482.39


06/14/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
26.71%
54.69%
-$2,492,941.90


06/13/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.39%
30.63%
-$1,349,688.94


06/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.67%
52.93%
$897,834.07


06/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.30%
51.70%
-$2,034,512.82


06/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
25.93%
52.11%
-$1,454,146.82


06/07/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
52.16%
-$1,800,741.96


06/06/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.02%
52.26%
-$2,095,066.69


06/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.42%
52.21%
$4,074,932.98


06/02/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.15%
52.70%
-$1,595,167.70


06/01/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.45%
54.26%
$963,234.14


05/31/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.23%
54.71%
-$1,548,772.20


05/30/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
29.70%
54.75%
$1,509,498.53


05/26/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
33.30%
52.24%
-$944,453.67


05/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.36%
52.29%
-$1,371,828.48


05/24/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.44%
52.75%
-$1,806,820.06


05/23/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.10%
52.43%
-$1,909,538.98


05/22/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.02%
52.29%
-$1,799,766.12


05/19/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
27.53%
48.33%
$128,587.49


05/18/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
8.32%
27.08%
$728,258.89


05/17/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.16%
48.93%
$10,284.70


05/16/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.60%
50.00%
-$766,749.80


05/15/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
35.12%
48.98%
-$290,353.36


05/12/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.10%
48.99%
-$712,755.11


05/11/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.17%
48.27%
-$1,710,188.86


05/10/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
30.43%
47.65%
-$1,380,332.43


05/09/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.77%
48.68%
-$12,333.48


05/08/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
34.24%
48.68%
-$4,340,504.87


05/05/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.55%
48.37%
-$1,901,510.53


05/04/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
28.67%
47.98%
$713,107.66


05/03/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.47%
49.31%
-$3,732,644.10


05/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.96%
49.38%
-$2,978,739.66


05/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


$7,398,562.44


04/28/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
31.65%
49.02%
$670,429.92


04/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
49.03%
-$3,183,933.46


04/26/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.33%
49.03%
$250,071.37


04/25/2017
$1.00
$0.9999
32.45%
49.62%
-$2,513,247.27


04/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.32%
49.09%
$412,313.77


04/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.90%
49.63%
-$495,405.90


04/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.24%
50.71%
-$2,117,385.42


04/19/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.69%
52.10%
-$1,618,279.67


04/18/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.86%
52.11%
-$1,846,950.86


04/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.82%
52.30%
$3,224,405.43


04/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.78%
52.54%
-$3,833,490.70


04/12/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.14%
52.70%
-$1,011,008.38


04/11/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.29%
52.05%
-$65,915.19


04/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.70%
51.19%
$416,517.41


04/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.59%
50.47%
-$1,528,951.00


04/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.69%
49.51%
-$1,431,040.00


04/05/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.33%
49.60%
$787,130.53


04/04/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.39%
47.92%
-$1,256,307.39


04/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.93%
48.10%
$1,600,490.19


03/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.36%
48.99%
-$9,077,984.53


03/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.23%
50.49%
-$48,889,292.23


03/29/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.14%
50.48%
-$1,281,906.32


03/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.48%
51.28%
-$1,584,532.47


03/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
32.46%
52.08%
$934,692.28


03/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.38%
51.41%
-$3,338,183.87


03/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.77%
51.66%
-$1,204,241.35


03/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
27.32%
50.43%
$1,099,983.59


03/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.95%
50.61%
-$2,338,557.41


03/20/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.57%
51.35%
$534,532.22


03/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.07%
51.30%
-$2,970,993.04


03/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.87%
51.58%
-$5,834,735.89


03/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.23%
52.26%
-$7,328,844.13


03/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.44%
52.66%
-$1,769,652.08


03/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0000


-$2,530,848.76


03/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.58%
54.86%
-$157,528.98


03/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.79%
54.82%
-$475,936.43


03/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
29.37%
54.68%
$1,744,869.67


03/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
31.22%
54.94%
-$12,384,884.12


03/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
30.91%
54.79%
$8,073,517.27


03/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0000
28.53%
56.41%
-$844,415.82


03/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.24%
56.19%
$7,945,308.96


03/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.54%
56.16%
$921,503.88


02/28/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.10%
57.22%
-$1,699,777.96


02/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.98%
58.76%
$2,649,921.78


02/24/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.63%
57.68%
-$3,834,070.53


02/23/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.55%
57.60%
$600,104.32


02/22/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.50%
57.88%
-$2,102,088.89


02/21/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.61%
56.71%
-$1,204,204.90


02/17/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.26%
55.82%
-$129,092.49


02/16/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.00%
55.22%
-$932,068.09


02/15/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.76%
56.02%
-$2,117,441.93


02/14/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
30.38%
56.11%
-$3,891,142.61


02/13/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.46%
56.48%
-$2,821,237.15


02/10/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.27%
57.36%
-$7,541,140.42


02/09/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
33.62%
57.52%
$5,921,240.26


02/08/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.23%
57.75%
-$1,192,468.21


02/07/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.12%
59.32%
-$4,407,033.36


02/06/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
32.76%
60.32%
-$4,417,319.74


02/03/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
29.01%
59.39%
-$2,014,801.10


02/02/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
31.57%
59.67%
$1,903,211.56


02/01/2017
$1.00
$1.0002
28.94%
59.75%
$697,050.98


01/31/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
28.89%
59.08%
-$2,485,149.66


01/30/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.82%
60.54%
-$6,753,961.37


01/27/2017
$1.00
$1.0001
30.14%
58.92%
$3,832,960.60



×










Dividends

($ per share)




B









Est Frequency
Monthly


Last Pay Date
7/21/17


Per Share ($)
0.0003


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.0006






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Asset Allocations



06/30/17











US Govt Agency

58.2%







Repo

27.9%







Variable Rate D...

5.7%







US Treasury

5.0%







Money Market Fu...

3.3%










Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




NRSRO Credit Rating








58.2%








27.9%








6.5%








5.0%








2.5%
















×









58.2%


US Govt Agency














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Agency











×









27.9%


Repo














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Unrated











×









5.7%


Variable Rate Demand Notes














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AAA, AA











×









5.0%


US Treasury














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


Treasury











×









3.3%


Money Market Funds














CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


AAA





















Management















Christopher Proctor, CFA





Managed Fund since
5/10
















Adam S. Wilde, CFA





Managed Fund since
7/13










Investment Approach

The portfolio managers invest in a portfolio of high quality, short-term money market investments.  In managing the Fund, the portfolio managers seek current income and stability of principal.  The Fund is designed for investors with elevated requirements for liquidity, short or uncertain investment time horizons, and minimal tolerance for loss of principal. 



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Cash Strategies Team Risk Management

The team monitors the strategies' duration and weighted average maturity relative to predetermined risk limits in concert with our firm's independent Risk Management Department.  Additionally, the team includes a staff of dedicated credit and risk analysts focused on credit quality, maturity of investments and diversification.  The team's traders and risk analytics group support compliance with risk-limiting guidelines.

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm's Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.

Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics


The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.


We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.



An investment in money market funds is neither insured nor guaranteed by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value
of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.



×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Weekly Holdings













Sales Charge & Commission Guide













Monthly Holdings







SEC Form N-MFP*



Go to literature center









Insights













Sales Ideas
Compelling Wealth Management Conversations





Ideas to help financial advisors guide client investment decisions and keep them on track.












Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.











Loading...



×











1. 
You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


2. 
In connection with new rules governing money market funds that will be fully implemented in October 2016, effective September 28, 2016, Oppenheimer Money Market Fund changed its name to Oppenheimer Government Money Market Fund, and made changes to its investment strategies that will enable it to operate as a government money market fund. See the Fund's prospectus for more information.


3. 
The credit rating table presents ratable securities only. If included in the credit rating breakdown table, all securities except for those labeled "Treasury," "Agency," and "Unrated," and except for certain securities issued or guaranteed by a foreign sovereign, have been rated by at least one Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ("NRSRO"), such as S&P Global Ratings ("S&P"). For securities rated only by an NRSRO other than S&P, the Manager converts that rating to the equivalent S&P rating.  If two or more NRSROs have assigned a rating to a security, the highest S&P equivalent rating is used. Unrated securities issue or guaranteed by a foreign sovereign are assigned a credit rating equal to the highest NRSRO rating assigned to the foreign sovereign.  Unrated securities do not necessarily indicate low credit quality, and may or may not be the equivalent of investment-grade. "Investment-grade" securities are securities rated within the NRSRO's four highest rating categories (AAA, AA, A and BBB). "Short-Term Rated" is used for securities that have short-term NRSRO ratings.  All short-term ratings for the Fund are S&P rated (or equivalent) A-1+, A-1, or A-2, which are the two highest short-term rating categories and considered to be investment-grade. Please consult the Fund's Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information for further information.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  This share class is not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩


C. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


D. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩


E. 
Yield (based on net investment income for the 7-day and 30-day periods ended as shown) is annualized and divided by offering price on month-end. The yield quotation more closely reflects the current earnings of the money market fund than the total return quotation. 
↩


*SEC Form N-MFP is available 60 days after the end of the month.











You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )











Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund Class L Report (IOLXX) | Asset Allocation Summary






































Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Oppenheimer Institutional Government Money Market Fund Class L
 IOLXX


Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchaseSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






BofAML USD LIBOR 3 Mon CM





BofAML USD LIBOR 3 Mon CM



MPT Benchmark


USTREAS T-Bill Auction Ave 3 Mon





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


BofAML USD LIBOR 3 Mon CM







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









Prime Money Market


Prime Money Market


Money Market - Tax-Free


Money Market - Taxable


Prime Money Market






















Asset Allocation IOLXX





 










 
Type
% Net
% Short
% Long
Bench-mark
Cat Avg



As of 02/28/2017








Cash
58.78
—
58.78
—
82.63






US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.00






Non US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.00






Bond
36.89
—
36.89
—
17.29






Other
4.33
—
4.33
—
0.08





 
 

 











Style Details IOLXX





Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of date not available







2017
—
36.89



2016
—
26.99



2015
—
5.63



2014
—
10.51



2013
—
14.86





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of date not available, *As of 02/28/2017







Average Effective Duration
—





Average Effective Maturity (Years)*
—





Average Credit Quality
Not Rated





Average Weighted Coupon*
—





Average Weighted Price*
—








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
—
—
86.77










AA
—
—
13.21






A
—
—
0.02








BBB
—
—
0.00








BB
—
—
0.00








B
—
—
0.00








Below B
—
—
0.00








Not Rated
—
—
0.00








As of date not availableCredit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.









Sector Weightings IOLXX





Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
3.14
—
7.90








 
 
 
 






Corporate
0.00
—
3.80








 
 
 
 






Securitized
35.42
—
2.79








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
—
4.74








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
61.44
—
80.77








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
—
0.00








As of 02/28/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
0.00
—
1.02











0% to 4%
96.05
—
91.07








4% to 6%
3.95
—
7.81








6% to 8%
0.00
—
0.10








8% to 10%
0.00
—
0.00








10% to 12%
0.00
—
0.00








More than 12%
0.00
—
0.00








As of 02/28/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 IOLXX
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
100.00
—
98.34







 






As of 02/28/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 IOLXX
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
8.41
—
12.92







3 to 5 Years
0.00
—
0.58







5 to 7 Years
0.00
—
0.73







7 to 10 Years
0.00
—
2.43







10 to 15 Years
0.00
—
3.20







15 to 20 Years
0.00
—
6.06







20 to 30 Years
0.00
—
9.91







Over 30 Years
0.00
—
9.94







 






As of 02/28/2017











	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	

  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 














	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.















































IOEXX Fund - Oppenheimer Institutional Govt Money Market;E Overview - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,731.80


20.79


0.10%











S&P 500

2,467.37


-10.46


-0.42%











Nasdaq

6,360.17


-62.57


-0.97%











GlobalDow

2,848.53


-1.00


-0.04%











Gold

1,267.30


11.70


0.93%











Oil

48.98


0.23


0.47%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
10.4




TSCO 
8.3




VZ 
7.6




ORLY 
6.8






CA
-10.2




XL
-7.7




WHR
-7.2




FFIV
-7.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:02p

Updated
Dropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 



3:00p

Nordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade



3:00p

Dow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year



3:00p

AT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase



2:54p

Updated
Treasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal



2:53p

Dow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory



2:52p

Updated
Whirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance



2:47p

Breaking
Nasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade



2:42p

Updated
The open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...



2:42p

Updated
Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


IOEXX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



IOEXX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Oppenheimer Institutional Govt Money Market;E

Watchlist 
CreateIOEXXAlert



  



Last Updated:  EDT



$
0.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$-





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  

   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range




YTD
0.38%



5 Year
1.22%



Total Net Assets
$5.56B



Yield
0.49%



Net Expense Ratio
0.10%



Turnover %
N/A



52 Week Avg Return
0.52




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 1 (7th percentile)
        


n/a
Total Returns


n/a
Consistent Return


n/a
Preservation


n/a
Tax Efficiency


n/a
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Instl US Govt MMkt


Portfolio Style
Instl US Govt MMkt


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
October 3, 2006


Managers

Proctor
Wilde








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks current income and stability of principal. The Fund is a money market fund that intends to qualify as a government money market fund. Under normal market conditions, It invests at least 80% of its net assets in government securities and repurchase agreements that are collateralized by government securities.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
n/a


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
0.10%


12 b-1
n/a


Turnover
n/a






Risk Measures




Alpha
0.02


Beta
0.00


Standard deviation
0.02


R. squared
0.01






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
n/a


IRA
n/a




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (Barclay US Agg)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
0.38%
0.22%
n/a
7%
1


1yr
0.52%
0.28%
n/a
6%
1


3yr2
0.32%
0.13%
n/a
6%
1


5yr2
0.24%
0.08%
n/a
2%
1


10yr2
0.77%
0.49%
n/a
1%
1





1Instl US Govt MM Funds
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.00


Dividend frequency
Daily


Capital gain (2016)
n/a


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
$0.00
-


2016
$0.00
-


2015
$0.00
-


2014
$0.00
-


2013
$0.00
-


2012
$0.00
-


2011
$0.00
-


2010
$0.00
-


2009
$0.01
-


2008
$0.03
-


2007
$0.05
-




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.60%








TWTR

-13.67%








AAPL

-2.35%








QQQ

-0.99%








BABA

-1.48%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








Put your money where your mindset is
              
              Socially conscious mutual funds invest in ways that can be good for society and your portfolio.              
              
            

1:35 p.m.  Today1:35 p.m. July 27, 2017






How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
              
              Political and economic turmoil in Venezuela could fuel a rise in oil prices—something the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, despite it’s efforts to cut back production, hasn’t been able to do.              
              
            

2:07 p.m. July 26, 2017






Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
              
              Talk from OPEC isn’t the only reason prices for oil scored their biggest single-session gain of the year.              
              
            

3:49 a.m. July 26, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.35
+0.34
+0.29%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.99
+0.07
+0.03%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.63
+0.06
+0.12%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
196.25
-0.71
-0.36%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
20.75
+0.42
+2.07%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.51
-0.03
-0.09%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.98
+0.31
+2.45%








Exchange Traded Funds »














SPY



							7/27/2017 3:03pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.38


-1.05
-0.42%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
143.40
-1.47
-1.01%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
142.05
-1.20
-0.84%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.85
-0.20
-0.78%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
66.30
+0.42
+0.63%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.60
-0.41
-0.93%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Facebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
              
              Facebook Inc. has been predicting for exactly one year that its ad load rate will slow, which should affect Facebook’s financial performance, even as it continues to post phenomenal growth rates for profit and revenue.               
              
            

12:00 p.m.  Today12:00 p.m. July 27, 2017






These companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
              
              Investors might want to consider why top executives are at odds with their companies’ share-repurchase programs.              
              
            

11:32 a.m.  Today11:32 a.m. July 27, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
24.11
-0.11
-0.43%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
67.55
-0.44
-0.64%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
72.72
-1.34
-1.80%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.89
+0.14
+0.40%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.35
-0.31
-0.97%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.14
+0.08
+0.76%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.59
-0.33
-0.59%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.32
-0.61
-0.66%








Bonds »








The Netherlands to Take Center Stage in European Power Rental Market
              
              The Netherlands to Take Center Stage in European Power Rental Market              
              
            

< 1 min ago3:02 p.m. July 27, 2017






Dow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
              
              The Dow Jones Transportation Average  plunged Thursday toward its worst day in 13 months, with all 20 components contributing to losses. The index dropped 327 points, or 3.5%, the biggest point and percentage declines since it tumbled 351 points, or 4.6%, on June 24, 2016. The biggest decliner on Thursday was transport management company Landstar System Inc.'s stock  which shed 7.9% after reporting a second-quarter profit that were in line with analyst expectations, but came as recent share strength suggested "heightened" investor expectations, according to KeyBanc Capital analyst Todd Fowler. Provider of marine transport products Kirby Corp.  reported late Wednesday earnings that matched the FactSet consensus but revenue that missed, sending the stock down 5.6%. And United Parcel Service Inc. shares  slid 4.3% after the company beat profit and sales expectations, but provided a somewhat downbeat earnings outlook. The Dow transports' selloff come in contrast to the rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which tacked on 19 points.              
              
            

3 min ago3:00 p.m. July 27, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/27/2017 3:02pm
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1082


-0.02
-1.58%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.13
-0.0052
-0.46%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.37
+0.0039
+0.29%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.85
+0.02
+1.08%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.31
+0.02
+0.94%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.93
+0.04
+1.27%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/27/2017 1:48pm
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

10.74


+1.14
+11.88%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.16
-10.67
-0.43%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,730.51
+19.50
+0.09%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,359.12
-63.62
-0.99%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,429.72
-12.56
-0.87%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,764.66
-12.03
-0.68%








Currencies »








Dollar rises from 13-month low
              
              The U.S. dollar rises on Thursday, gaining against major rivals in what analysts suggest a mild consolidation following precipitous declines over recent weeks.               
              
            

21 min ago2:41 p.m. July 27, 2017






Donald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
              
              The Trump administration’s trade bullying “has killed the dollar bull,” says Pimco’s Joachim Fels.              
              
            

8:24 a.m.  Today8:24 a.m. July 27, 2017












USDJPY



							7/27/2017 3:03pm
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.096


-0.0820
-0.0738%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3072
-0.0050
-0.3810%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1566
+0.0178
+0.5671%








Commodities »










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
51.48
+0.51
+1.00%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.61
+0.0078
+0.49%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.96
+0.05
+1.61%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,267.30
+11.70
+0.93%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.59
+0.13
+0.77%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
929.50
+6.80
+0.74%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
386.75
+0.75
+0.19%

















Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Stock market retreats from records as tech stocks drop sharply






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
2:48pBREAKINGNasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade
2:43pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
2:42pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...
2:42pDollar rises from 13-month low
2:42pTrump’s bank regulator nominees see student, car loans as sources of risk
2:41pRestaurant chains are quietly pushing sugar on your kids
2:41pWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
2:41pOil prices up a fourth session in a row
2:34pSept. WTI oil gains 29 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $49.04/bbl
2:34pWTI oil marks highest finish on Nymex since May 30
2:30pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
2:28pGold scores highest finish in six weeks
2:25pStock market internals suggest investors remain calm despite spike in volatility
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,730.51

+19.50
+0.09%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,359.12

-63.62
-0.99%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.14

-10.69
-0.43%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
2:48pBREAKINGNasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade
2:43pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
2:42pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...
2:42pDollar rises from 13-month low
2:42pTrump’s bank regulator nominees see student, car loans as sources of risk
2:41pRestaurant chains are quietly pushing sugar on your kids
2:41pWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
2:41pOil prices up a fourth session in a row
2:34pSept. WTI oil gains 29 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $49.04/bbl
2:34pWTI oil marks highest finish on Nymex since May 30
2:30pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
2:28pGold scores highest finish in six weeks
2:25pStock market internals suggest investors remain calm despite spike in volatility
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,730.34

+19.33
+0.09%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,359.14

-63.61
-0.99%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.16

-10.67
-0.43%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




3:03 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
2:48pBREAKINGNasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade
2:43pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
2:42pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...
2:42pDollar rises from 13-month low
2:42pTrump’s bank regulator nominees see student, car loans as sources of risk
2:41pRestaurant chains are quietly pushing sugar on your kids
2:41pWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
2:41pOil prices up a fourth session in a row
2:34pSept. WTI oil gains 29 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $49.04/bbl
2:34pWTI oil marks highest finish on Nymex since May 30
2:30pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
2:28pGold scores highest finish in six weeks
2:25pStock market internals suggest investors remain calm despite spike in volatility
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,730.22

+19.21
+0.09%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,359.09

-63.66
-0.99%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.14

-10.69
-0.43%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































IOEXX Fund - Oppenheimer Institutional Govt Money Market;E Overview - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,731.57


20.56


0.09%











S&P 500

2,467.36


-10.47


-0.42%











Nasdaq

6,360.18


-62.56


-0.97%











GlobalDow

2,848.38


-1.15


-0.04%











Gold

1,267.30


11.70


0.93%











Oil

48.98


0.23


0.47%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
10.5




TSCO 
8.3




VZ 
7.6




ORLY 
6.8






CA
-10.2




XL
-7.7




WHR
-7.2




FFIV
-7.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:02p

Updated
Dropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 



3:00p

Nordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade



3:00p

Dow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year



3:00p

AT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase



2:54p

Updated
Treasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal



2:53p

Dow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory



2:52p

Updated
Whirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance



2:47p

Breaking
Nasdaq Composite pivots sharply lower in afternoon trade



2:42p

Updated
The open road or the open skies? Millennials have made up their minds...



2:42p

Updated
Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


IOEXX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



IOEXX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Oppenheimer Institutional Govt Money Market;E

Watchlist 
CreateIOEXXAlert



  



Last Updated:  EDT



$
0.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$-





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  

   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range




YTD
0.38%



5 Year
1.22%



Total Net Assets
$5.56B



Yield
0.49%



Net Expense Ratio
0.10%



Turnover %
N/A



52 Week Avg Return
0.52




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 1 (7th percentile)
        


n/a
Total Returns


n/a
Consistent Return


n/a
Preservation


n/a
Tax Efficiency


n/a
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Instl US Govt MMkt


Portfolio Style
Instl US Govt MMkt


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
October 3, 2006


Managers

Proctor
Wilde








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks current income and stability of principal. The Fund is a money market fund that intends to qualify as a government money market fund. Under normal market conditions, It invests at least 80% of its net assets in government securities and repurchase agreements that are collateralized by government securities.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
n/a


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
0.10%


12 b-1
n/a


Turnover
n/a






Risk Measures




Alpha
0.02


Beta
0.00


Standard deviation
0.02


R. squared
0.01






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
n/a


IRA
n/a




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (Barclay US Agg)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
0.38%
0.22%
n/a
7%
1


1yr
0.52%
0.28%
n/a
6%
1


3yr2
0.32%
0.13%
n/a
6%
1


5yr2
0.24%
0.08%
n/a
2%
1


10yr2
0.77%
0.49%
n/a
1%
1





1Instl US Govt MM Funds
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.00


Dividend frequency
Daily


Capital gain (2016)
n/a


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
$0.00
-


2016
$0.00
-


2015
$0.00
-


2014
$0.00
-


2013
$0.00
-


2012
$0.00
-


2011
$0.00
-


2010
$0.00
-


2009
$0.01
-


2008
$0.03
-


2007
$0.05
-




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.61%








TWTR

-13.67%








AAPL

-2.36%








QQQ

-1.00%








BABA

-1.47%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.






















 OppenheimerFunds – Money Market Portfolio – State Farm™     








No disponible en español


 
		La página que solicitaste no está disponible en español. Lamentamos cualquier inconveniente.
	



Localiza a un agente

Cancelar













Skip to Main Content




Español



























Menu


Insurance


Insurance Products
Auto
Motorcycles
Sport & Leisure Vehicles
Home & Property
Identity Restoration
Life
Health
Long-Term Care
Disability
Liability
Small Business Insurance





Banking


Banking Products
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
CDs
Credit Cards
Vehicle Loans
Home Mortgage Loans
Home Equity
Bank Rates





Finances


Financial Services
Banking
Loans
Education Savings Plans
Retirement & IRAs
Mutual Funds
Estate Planning
Annuities
Life Insurance
Financial Tools & Resources
Small Business Finances





Claims


Claims Center
File a Claim
Manage Your Claim
Get Roadside Assistance
Claims Help





Customer Care


Customer Care Support
About Us
Need Help?
Find an Agent
Contact Us
Pay Insurance Bills
Manage Your Accounts
Change Your Address
Download Mobile Apps
Simple Insights™
Privacy & Security Center
FAQs
Disclosures
Life Events





Pay Insurance Bills





Login







User ID



Password





Save User ID

 


Register | Forgot your ID or password?




















BankingEducation Savings PlanCoverdell AccountsCustodial Accounts (UGMA/UTMA)State Farm 529 College Plans13+ Years to College Portfolio7-12 Years to College Portfolio4-6 Years to College Portfolio1-3 Years to College PortfolioCollege Now PortfolioOppenheimerFunds Growth PortfolioOppenheimerFunds Moderate Growth PortfolioOppenheimerFunds Balanced PortfolioOppenheimerFunds Money MarketPlan PerformancePlan PricesResourcesRetirement & IRAsMutual FundsEstate PlanningAnnuitiesLife InsuranceFinancial Tools & Resources





EDUCATION SAVINGS PLANS
OppenheimerFunds Money Market Portfolio
The OppenheimerFunds Money Market Portfolio invests all of its assets in an underlying money market fund to maintain stability. This portfolio has a target allocation of 100% money market investments, seeking preservation of capital.
Prices for State Farm™ College Savings Plan Portfolios




Open an  Account



Click here for more information.













Performance & Risk


 
  Risk Spectrum











Types of risk:








Interest Rate Risk


The risk that when interest rates increase, securities held by an Underlying Investment will decline in value. Long-term fixed income securities will normally have more price volatility than short-term securities because of the risk.







Credit Risk


The risk that an issuer of a debt security might not make interest and principal payments on the security as they become due. If the issuer fails to pay interest, the income of an Underlying Investment investing in such debt security might be reduced, and if the issuer fails to repay the principal, the value of that security and of the Underlying Investment's shares might be reduced.







Fixed Income Market Risk


Developments relating to subprime mortgages have adversely affected fixed-income securities markets. The values of many types of debt securities have been reduced, included those not related to mortgage loans. There is a risk that a lack of liquidity or other adverse credit market conditions may hamper the Fund's ability to sell the debt securities in which it invests or to find and purchase suitable debt instruments.








Add a Class to Compare:



A
 &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp
						

B
 &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp
	


Period to View:



Monthly


Quarterly








Investment return and principal value will fluctuate and your investment, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than its original cost. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Recent performance may be less than the figures shown.



The maximum sales charge is 5.50% for Class A shares for The State Farm College Savings Plan Model Portfolios. Performance for Class B shares will differ from Class A shares due to differences in sales charge structure and class expenses. B share returns include reinvestment of distributions, changes in net asset value and the effect of the contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) which declines from 5.00% in the first year to 0% at the beginning of the seventh year. NAV Total Return does not reflect the deduction of the sales charge.


 
  Net Asset Value (NAV) is calculated by adding all of the assets of a Fund, subtracting the Fund's liabilities, then dividing by the number of outstanding shares.
 
  The plan may charge administrative service fees and assess sales charges. These are in addition to the investment management fees and other expenses associated with the underlying investments.
 
  Prior to July 1, 2017, Class A units were sold with an initial sales charge. Effective July 1, 2017, all Class A units are sold at net asset value without the imposition of an initial sales charge.

1 Beginning on February 27, 2012, Class B Units are no longer being offered by the Plan. Any Contributions for Class B Units received by the Program Manager on and after this date will automatically be directed to Class A Units.

2 Total Annual Operating Expense information as of June 30, 2017.

3 Benchmark returns for the period Since Inception began on November 3, 2008 for all Portfolios. Returns shown for Portfolios with less than a full year of operations are cumulative, not annualized returns.
 
  * The inception date is November 3, 2008.



Portfolio Composition


 
  Portfolio Composition as of: 4/1/2017












Fees & Features






Portfolio Fees, Expenses, and Charges 

Below you will find the fees associated with this portfolio.



  Class A




 Minimum Initial Contribution
          
        (if not using an Automatic Investment Plan)
 $250


 Minimum Initial Contribution
        
      (if using an Automatic Investment Plan)
 $50


 Minimum Additional Contribution per Portfolio
 $50


 Maximum Initial Sales Charge
 None


 Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales Charge
 None


 Capital Gains and Dividend Distribution
 Reinvested in applicable Underlying Investments


 Gross Expense Ratio
 0.38%


 Net Expense Ratio
 0.38%







 
  *State Farm now only offers Class A shares for investments in the State Farm College Savings Plan; however, if you own Class B shares, you can still view performance and expense data on statefarm.com by clicking on the Plan Performance link.



Portfolio Management


 
  Portfolio Management
 
  Our goal is to provide simple, affordable, and convenient plans to help families set aside funds for future college costs.
 
  Our Investment Advisors
 
  We use an investment management structure that capitalizes on the unique strengths, focused attention, and knowledge of seasoned investment professionals in our internal Investment Department. Because we offer a variety of funds, some outside the core knowledge of our internal Investment Department, we also have other highly respected asset management organizations working for you.
 
  OppenheimerFunds, Inc. (OFI)
 
  For over 50 years, OppenheimerFunds has been committed to providing financial options, services, and expertise investors need to help achieve their financial goals. OFI believes that in order for investors to reach their financial goals, the investments must perform. That is why investment excellence — over the long term and across the range of our products — is their highest priority.
 
  The foundation of their investment approach, OFI follows these principles of investing:


Investment Excellence: Insist on excellent, long-term performance
Consistency: Over time, those who have the discipline and perseverance to stick to their objectives are rewarded
Teamwork: Strong and collaborative partnerships are the foundation of enduring success
Balance: Investment strength comes from having a diversified and flexible approach
Expertise: Working with a professional puts skill, experience and talent on your side
Integrity: A principled approach and straight-forward, open communication prevail through all circumstances


Quick Facts




OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is one of the nation's largest and most respected asset management companies.

OFI Private Investments offers a diverse range of tailored investment products and services, including separately managed accounts as well as program and investment management services to 529 college savings and prepaid plans.



















 
   




Other Funds Managed


13+ Years to College Portfolio
7-12 Years to College Portfolio
4-6 Years to College Portfolio
1-3 Years to College Portfolio
College Now Portfolio
Growth Portfolio
Moderate Growth Portfolio
Balanced Portfolio








 






Need Help?


Contact State Farm Mutual Funds
Contact State Farm Bank®



 



Risk Disclosures

Investing involves risk, including potential for loss.Asset Allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss.Enrollment Based Portfolios are similar to target date funds in that their investment objectives are adjusted over time to be more conservative as their target date (date the investor plans to start withdrawing funds) approaches. The principal value of the fund(s) is not guaranteed at any time, including at the target date.You could lose money by investing in the Money Market Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time. 



 
Additional Disclosures



State Farm College Savings Plan (529) Disclosures
Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses associated with The State Farm College Savings Plan. Contact State Farm VP Management Corp (800-447-4930) for an Enrollment Handbook and Participation Agreement containing this and other information. Read it carefully.

An investor should consider, before investing, whether the investor's or designated beneficiary's home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state's qualified tuition program.

Neither State Farm nor its agents provide tax or legal advice.
Earnings must be used to pay for qualified higher education expenses to be federally tax free. The earnings portion of a non-qualified withdrawal will be subject to ordinary income tax at the recipient's marginal rate and subject to a 10% penalty. State Farm does not provide tax advice. Please consult your tax advisor for specific information about your tax situation, including any state tax consequences of an investment. The availability of such tax or other benefits may be conditioned on meeting certain requirements.
A $70,000 gift is viewed as an accelerated gift over five years. Any other gifts to the same beneficiary by the contributor in that tax year or in any of the succeeding four years may result in a federal gift-tax liability. If the contributor dies within the five-year period, a prorated portion of the contribution may be included in his or her taxable estate.
Contributions can be made until the value or total amount of contributions across all Nebraska program accounts for the beneficiary reaches $360,000. Accounts in excess of this limit can continue to grow through investment earnings realized by the plan, but no additional contributions can be accepted above that limit. This limit is set by the Nebraska State Treasurer and is subject to change.
The plan is intended to operate as a qualified tuition program, pursuant to section 529 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.
Participation in the plan does not guarantee that contributions and the investment earnings, if any, will be adequate to cover future tuition and other higher education expenses, or that a beneficiary will be admitted to or permitted to continue to attend an eligible educational institution.
This material is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Any offer to sell shares within the plan may only be made by the Enrollment Handbook and Participation Agreement relating to the plan.
Neither the State of Nebraska, the Trust, the Nebraska State Treasurer, the Nebraska Investment Council, First National Bank of Omaha, Oppenheimer nor State Farm, nor any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers or agents shall have any debt or obligation to any contributor, any beneficiary or any other person as a result of the establishment of the plan, nor will these entities assume any risk or liability for mutual funds in which the plan invests.
The State Farm College Savings Plan is subject to enrollment, maintenance, administrative and management fees and expenses.
Investors in the plan do not hold shares of the underlying funds directly, but rather shares in a portfolio of the plan.
The State Farm College Savings Plan (the "plan") is sponsored by the State of Nebraska and administered by the Nebraska State Treasurer. The plan is established in cooperation with State Farm VP Management Corp. ("State Farm"), the State of Nebraska, and OFI Private Investments Inc. (OFIPI), a subsidiary of OppenheimerFunds, Inc, pursuant to which State Farm offers classes of shares in a series of accounts within the Nebraska Educational Savings Plan Trust (the "Trust" and plan issuer) that are distributed by OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. (OFDI and together with OFIPI, "Oppenheimer"). The Trust offers other accounts that are not affiliated with the plan.
The Nebraska State Treasurer serves as trustee of the plan; OFIPI serves as the investment manager, with the oversight of the Nebraska Investment Council; and servicing agent: OFDI serves as the distributor: First National Bank of Omaha serves as the program manager.
The State Farm College Savings Plan is not insured or guaranteed by State Farm, Oppenheimer, First National Bank of Omaha, the Trust, the State of Nebraska, the Nebraska State Treasurer, the Nebraska Investment Council, any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers or agents or any other entity.








Customized Portfolio Performance Benchmarks
The benchmarks for the Portfolios represent customized composites of market indices for the available Underlying Investments weighted by the relative target asset allocation for such Portfolio.
Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund Benchmark: The Russell 1000® Growth Index
The Russell 1000® Growth Index measures the performance of the large-cap growth segment of the U.S. equity universe. It includes those Russell 1000 companies with higher price-to-book ratios and higher forecasted growth values.
Oppenheimer Value Fund Benchmark: The Russell 1000® Value Index
The Russell 1000® Value Index measures the performance of the large-cap value segment of the U.S. equity universe. It includes those Russell 1000 companies with lower price-to-book ratios and lower expected growth values.
Oppenheimer Main Street Fund® Benchmark: S&P 500® Index
The S&P 500® Index tracks the common stock performance of 500 large U.S. companies.
Oppenheimer Main Street Mid-Cap Fund® Benchmark: The Russell Midcap Index
The Russell Midcap Index measures the performance of the mid-cap segment of the U.S. equity universe. The Russell Midcap Index is a subset of the Russell 1000® Index. It includes approximately 800 of the smallest securities based on a combination of their market cap and current index membership.
Oppenheimer International Growth Fund Benchmark: The MSCI AC World ex-U.S. Index
The MSCI AC World ex-U.S. Index is designed to measure the equity market performance of developed and emerging markets and excludes the U.S.
Oppenheimer Developing Markets Fund Benchmark: The MSCI Emerging Markets Index
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance of emerging markets.
State Farm Bond Fund and Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund Benchmark: The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index
The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index is an index of U.S. dollar denominated, investment-grade U.S. corporate government and mortgage-backed securities.
Federated U.S. Government Securities Fund 1-3 Years Benchmark: The Bank of America Merrill Lynch 1-3 Year Treasury Index
The Merrill Lynch 1-3 Year U.S. Treasury & Agency Index is a subset of The Bank of America Merrill Lynch U.S. Treasury & Agency Index, an unmanaged fixed income index that includes U.S. Treasury fixed income securities (direct sovereign debt of the U.S. Government) in the maturity range equal to one year and less than three years.
Oppenheimer Institutional Money Market Fund Benchmark: iMoney Net First Tier Institutional Index
The iMoneyNet First Tier Institutional Index (Also known as the MFR First Tier Institutional Index) is a subset of the Money Fund Reports (MFR) All-Taxable universe consisting of funds managed to a "first-tier" standard and which are offered to institutions only. Portfolio Holdings of first-tier funds include U.S. Treasury, U.S. Other, Repos, Time Deposits, Domestic Bank Obligations, Foreign Bank Obligations, First Tier CP, Floating Rate Notes, and Asset-Backed Commercial Paper. The Money Fund Report AveragesTM are published by iMoneyNet, Inc. (formerly IBC Financial Data), and reflect yields net of fees and expenses.
Investors cannot directly invest either in individual benchmark indices or combinations thereof.







AP2017/06/9953

Not FDIC Insured



No Bank Guarantee
May Lose Value


 



 













          Print
        

          Email
        









 



Need Help?Contact UsAbout UsCareersRetireesSmall Business SolutionsOther State Farm Sites:State Farm CanadaBusiness to BusinessSite MapAbout Our Ads & TrackingAccessibilityTerms of UseNotice of Privacy PolicySecurity© Copyright, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, 2017.FacebookTwitterGoogle PlusYouTubeLinkedInFlickrSSL
     

Footnote Modal Close




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Government Money Fund (PRRXX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Government Money Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRRXX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments








			
				Formerly T. Rowe Price Prime Reserve Fund
				
				
				
			
			


 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
							$1.0000
						  
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
							$0.0000
						  
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								0.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
							
								$1.0000
							
							-
							
								$1.0000
							
						  
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$7,879.79

					
					Million
				



Important money market information: Click here for NAV Type, Liquidity Fees & Redemption Gates, Daily & Weekly liquid asset levels, Holdings, Market-based NAV and Net Shareholder flows.

						Effective August 1, 2016, Prime Reserve Fund, changed to a government mandate and was 
renamed Government Money Fund. The performance for the periods prior to August 1, 2016 
reflects the performance of the fund when it operated as a prime money market fund and 
invested in certain types of securities that it is no longer permitted to hold. 
Performance prior to this conversion may have been different if the current investment 
limitations had been in effect.
						




Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions


Average Annual Total Returns 1



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.16%
				
			

				
					0.16%
				
			


3 Years

				
					0.06%
				
			

				
					0.06%
				
			


5 Years

				
					0.04%
				
			

				
					0.04%
				
			


10 Years

				
					0.53%
				
			

				
					0.53%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 4.88%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							4.88%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 26, 1976
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.48%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.44%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, 
which cannot guarantee future results. Return and yield will vary.

 
    
You could lose money by investing in the Fund. 
Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee 
it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's 
sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and 
you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the 
Fund at any time.
    
    





^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

1Average annual total return figures include reinvested dividends and capital gain distributions.
		



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's goals are preservation of capital, liquidity, and, consistent with these, the highest possible current income.
		
7-Day Annualized Yield2
 as of 
				
				    07/26/2017
				
			



Simple3

						 
							0.64%
						
					


Simple w/o Waiver

						 
							0.45%
						
					


Compound3

						 
							0.64%
						
					


Compound w/o Waiver

						 
							0.45%
						
					



2
								
				
				A method of calculating a money fund's yield by annualizing the 
fund's net investment income for the last seven days of each period 
divided by the fund's net asset value at the end of the period. 
				
3
									
					
					In an effort to maintain a zero or positive net yield for the fund, T. Rowe Price has voluntarily waived all or a portion of the management fee it is entitled to receive from the fund. A fee waiver has the effect of increasing the fund's net yield. The 7-day yield without waiver represents what the yield would have been if we were not waiving our management fee. This voluntary waiver is in addition to any contractual expense ratio limitation in effect for the fund and may be amended or terminated at any time without prior notice. Please see the prospectus for more details. 
					
				
				Year-to-date figures are not annualized and represent total return, 
which includes reinvested distributions (income and capital gains) 
and any change in share price for the given period. The yield quotation 
more closely reflects the current earnings of the money market fund than the total return quotation.
			


























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual  fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:38:01 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Trading Direct - Stock Trading with the Lowest Margin Rates


















Login
Contact
Help
Open New Account










LoginMenu
Products & ServicesPricingDocument CenterAboutResearch & ToolsContactHelpOpen New Account
 


Banking FeaturesFully Paid Securities LendingInternational InvestorsInstitutional FundsIRA AccountsMargin LoansMutual Fund LoansSoftware CompatibilityTour DemoUncovered Options Trading
 

Institutional Funds
Institutional class mutual funds can be purchased by individuals, often with significantly reduced investment minimums.  You do not have to be an institution to buy institutional class shares through Trading Direct.
Take advantage of the potentially lower expense ratios typically associated with owning institutional class shares.
Check out the Mutual Funds page for more details, or to view the mutual fund list {pdf} displaying over 14,000 individual fund choices.
 
Note: Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing.  To check this or any other information about a specific mutual fund, please request a prospectus from the fund company or Trading Direct, to read thoroughly before entering an order. 
      
 


 



Disclosures

Site Map
1.800.925.8566

© 2017 Trading Direct, a division of York Securities, Inc.
160 Broadway FL 7E • New York, NY 10038
    York Securities, Inc., member FINRA / SIPC. Accounts custodied with Pershing, LLC, member FINRA / SIPC. (Pershing is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation). Additional account protection ("Excess SIPC") provided through a group underwriters led by Lloyds. Click here for more information. Response times for system performance and account access may vary due to multiple factors including market conditions, trading volumes, system performance, and other possibilities. Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors.

 










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































