


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.26
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:38:42 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )











Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Overview of the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment ETF | Direxion


























 






























Why KNOW? Why now?
Since inception, the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF (Ticker: KNOW) has outperfomed the major U.S. stock indexes including the: S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, S&P SmallCap 600 and S&P1500 (source: Morningstar Direct). 
It makes sense. Corporate insiders− top officers, boards of directors, and major shareholders − have a natural edge over retail investors, and even financial analysts, because they typically know their businesses and industries better than anyone. That’s why, no matter how much research you do, or how much financial news you consume, you’re always a step behind those “in the know”.
The Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares (KNOW) is designed to help long term-investors pursue better portfolio outcomes by using insider sentiment to seek alpha relative to S&P 500® Index.
With a net expense ratio of just 0.65%, this strategic index-based ETF provides investors with cost-effective access to stocks that corporate officers, directors, and shareholders who own more than 5% of each company’s stock, are accumulating.
This insider sentiment selection uses a screening methodology based on public-company filings and positive earnings analysis that provides the basis for the funds’ quantitatively-weighted indexes. The ETF is comprised of 100 companies selected from the S&P 1500 Index.
Fact Sheet Performance Comparison Prospectus
 



 NAVs and market price information as of July 26, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

Sabrient Multi-Cap Insider/Analyst Quant-Weighted Index (SBRQAMTR)


Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

NAV
0.90
1.01
4.40
14.98
9.74
17.51

16.03

12/8/2011

0.77 						/
						 0.65*					


Market Close
0.84
0.74
4.46
15.00
9.76
17.68

16.05












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

40.33
-0.19
-0.47
40.34
-0.16
						-0.40
0.01








Ticker
Fund Name
Record Date
Ex Date
Pay Date
Income Dividend
Short-Term Capital Gain
Long-Term Capital Gain




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/22/2017


6/20/2017


6/27/2017

0.10643




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/23/2017


3/21/2017


3/28/2017

0.25251




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/22/2016


12/20/2016


12/28/2016

0.3796
2.98944



KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/22/2016


9/20/2016


9/27/2016

0.25034




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/23/2016


6/21/2016


6/28/2016

0.31042




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/24/2016


3/22/2016


3/30/2016

0.45018




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/24/2015


12/22/2015


12/30/2015

0.05891




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/24/2015


9/22/2015


9/29/2015

0.19703








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.65%. The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2017, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.65% other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions, expenses incurred in connection with any merger or reorganization and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. 
 
The potential benefits of Direxion’s All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF

Allows investors to identify and participate in stocks that corporate insiders are accumulating
Offers access to a rules-based index approach to equity investing
Focuses on insider transactions and analyst ratings to determine weightings within the Index
Allocations to sectors within the index can vary significantly from traditional cap-weighted equity benchmark weightings

 






















ETF & Mutual Fund Investment Tools | Direxion



























 


















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 










    Tools You Can Use  


Direxion provides a suite of tools that can be highly beneficial when implementing tactical investment strategies. These tools can be applied to strategies that are both specific and non-specific to Direxion.


Mutual Fund Tools


  Exposure Level Tools    


The following tools help determine a Monthly Leveraged Index Fund's estimated exposure level for the day on which it is purchased using data feeds which provide real time values. 
 

ETF Tools


  Premium/Discount Tool    


The Premium/Discount Tool illustrates the daily difference (premium or discount) between the market closing price and calculated net asset value per share of Direxion ETFs.
 











































































CRC Overview





































 


















































































































Compare products











































































































 























 Vanguard - Tools


























































Your input was invalid



















 






Advisor tools






NEW
Compare products







Reliable, unbiased data for Vanguard and non-Vanguard products.
Direct side-by-side product comparisons of up to 10 products.


Quick info  































Compare products

Reliable, unbiased data for Vanguard and non-Vanguard products.
Direct side-by-side product comparisons of up to 10 products.
Quick info  



















Portfolio analytics  

Create and evaluate client portfolios. Analyze hypothetical performance, risk statistics, country diversification, asset allocation, compare two portfolios side-by-side, and more.
Quick info  























Strategic models  

Provide broad asset-class exposure to U.S. and International equities and investment-grade taxable bonds in an asset allocation framework using Vanguard ETFs or mutual funds.
Quick info  

























Screen products

Find Vanguard and non-Vanguard products using more than 25 specific performance, risk, cost, and other characteristics.
Quick info  























Find similar Vanguard products

Enter a non-Vanguard ETF or mutual fund, and we'll tell you which Vanguard products have similar characteristics and historical performance.
Quick info  























Holding search tool

Find Vanguard stock and balanced products that contain a certain stock holding. You can search across all Vanguard stock and balanced products or narrow your search to a specific Vanguard product.
Quick info  
























Bond ETF strategies  

Model bond portfolios to achieve the desired durations for your clients' fixed income allocations. Use Vanguard bond ETFs to create targeted portfolios using different duration and credit-quality profiles.
Quick info  
























Create custom reports  

Create, download, and save custom reports on returns, characteristics, and holdings.
Quick info  























Investor Questionnaire 

This tool helps your clients determine their optimal asset allocation by answering 11 simple questions about their personal investment goals.
Quick info  
























My product list

Create and save a custom list of Vanguard products.
Quick info  


















































 Vanguard - Research and Commentary






























































Your input was invalid



















Terms and conditions of use   















Thank you for subscribing






 






 






Resend activation email






 










Log on FAS_ResearchOverview.Content-78

You're attempting to access a secure area. Please log on below.


You're attempting to access a secure area.Please log on below.



















Remember me





Need logon help?




Register for access



Need logon help?



Not registered?

Get more with full site accessAdditional tools from VanguardAdvisor-only materialsResources for your practiceFund commentary/analysis


Register for access



Not registered?

Register today for access to additional tools from Vanguard and Morningstar, resources for your practice, advisor-only materials, fund commentary/analysis, and more.

Register for access


















Sections FeaturedAll  

Economy & marketsAll  

Brexit Interest rates International Market volatility Portfolio constructionAll  

Asset allocation Indexing Active investing Active-passive Global equities Global fixed income Bond investing insights ETFsAll  

ETF Perspectives Wealth managementAll  

Advisor evolution Advisor's alpha Advised Investor Insights Employee benefit resources Retirement Tax planning 
Sections FeaturedAll  

Economy & marketsAll  

Brexit Interest rates International Market volatility Portfolio constructionAll  

Asset allocation Indexing Active investing Active-passive Global equities Global fixed income Bond investing insights ETFsAll  

ETF Perspectives Wealth managementAll  

Advisor evolution Advisor's alpha Advised Investor Insights Employee benefit resources Retirement Tax planning 





Our insights straight to your inbox
Our insights straight to your inbox




Receive our latest Advisor's Digest research and commentary sent the first business morning every week.



















Advisor's Digest
A weekly digest of our latest research and commentary. Topics include the economy and markets, portfolio strategy, ETFs, and practice management.


Announcements
Fund openings/closings, fund manager changes, dividend distributions, webinars, and other events you might want to know about.







new vg.NavBox({"historyflag":false,"onExpand":"","type":"NAVBOX_SIX","disableGeoChangedEvent":false,"transDirection":"down","transDur":"1100","openflag":false,"openOnError":false,"id":"researchOverviewForm:noHeadNavBox1","isSuppressHead":true,"isCloseWindowShadeOnBlur":false,"disabled":false});


Already registered? Log on to manage your email subscriptions.


STAY CONNECTED
  LinkedIn   Twitter  Mobile access  RSS feed





Featured
										
Topical research and commentary on issues that matter to you and your clients
											





Featured
								 	
Topical research and commentary on issues that matter to you and your clients
										





What are your peers reading? Vanguard insights from the first half of 2017








Article



What Vanguard insights are catching advisors’ attention? Top 5 Vanguard blog posts in 2017.
Top five Vanguard blog posts in 2017.
  Read article







Do clients know you have a blockbuster practice? Show them your value

















Blog


Hollywood franchises, like advisors, thrive on long-term client relationships. And every blockbuster needs a preview that draws people in.
Hollywood franchises, like advisors, thrive on long-term client relationships. And every blockbuster needs a preview that draws people in.

Read blog  




Gauging growth in the U.S. and global economies









Video




 | 
Transcript available




Andrew Patterson, a senior economist in Vanguard Investment Strategy Group, discusses GDP growth around the globe and what current levels could mean for the future in this 8-minute excerpt. He also shares signs to look for that might suggest the bull market is maturing.

Vanguard's Andrew Patterson discusses GDP growth around the globe and what current levels could suggest for the future in this 8-minute excerpt.



  Watch video

 | 
  Read transcript





Strategies for constructing globally diversified portfolios






Audio





 | 
Transcript available




In this 14-minute podcast, Yan Zilbering, an investment analyst in Vanguard Investment Strategy Group, discusses strategies for constructing globally diversified portfolios that can help give your clients the best chance to realize their financial goals.
In this podcast, Vanguard's Yan Zilbering discusses strategies for constructing globally diversified portfolios that can help give your clients the best chance to realize their financial goals.

  Listen to audiocast

 | 
  Read transcript





Bill McNabb to retire. Tim Buckley to succeed as Vanguard CEO.









Article









Effective today, the Board of Directors of The Vanguard Group elected Vanguard's Chief Investment Officer Tim Buckley as president and director of Vanguard, and announced plans for him to succeed Bill McNabb as chief executive officer on January 1, 2018. 

The Vanguard Group names Chief Investment Officer Tim Buckley as president and director to succeed Bill McNabb as CEO on Jan. 1, 2018. 



  Read article




Barry Ritholtz: Building trust and coping with uncertainty








Article









An accomplished advisor and prolific author shares his knowledge and experience on a host of topics, including his four-pronged advisor value prop.
An accomplished advisor and prolific author shares his knowledge and experience on a host of topics, including his four-pronged advisor value prop.

  Read article




Checking perception vs. reality: How clients view advisors


















Blog


How do you ensure that your perception of how you’re serving your clients matches the reality? Consider these 3 key points.

How do you ensure that your perception of how you’re serving your clients matches the reality? Consider these 3 key points.



Read blog  




Webcast replay: Andrew Patterson shares our midyear outlook








Video




 | 
Transcript available




Six months after releasing our 2017 outlook white paper, Vanguard Senior Economist Andrew Patterson sat down for a live webcast to share updated expectations for the economy and markets and answer advisor questions on what might await investors. Watch the full replay.
Watch the full replay of the 2017 midyear economic and market outlook with Andrew Patterson, a senior economist in Vanguard Investment Strategy Group.

  Watch video

 | 
  Read transcript





529 plan savers earn better grades for behavior











Whitepaper







When it comes to saving for college, starting early and contributing consistently is key. Vanguard’s 529 plan owners are increasingly doing both. See how an early start and consistent contributions can help plan owners reach their goals and maximize their tax benefits.

Vanguard 529 plan owners are saving earlier and contributing more consistently than ever. See how doing so can help benefit clients in the long run. 



  Read executive summary

 | 
  Read white paper





The ultimate long-term investors

















Blog


Index funds may be passive investors, but the Vanguard funds are not passive owners.
Index funds may be passive investors, but the Vanguard funds are not passive owners.

Read blog  




Despite Illinois's financial troubles, muni market looks strong









Article









Despite Illinois's troubles, the municipal market has proved to be a good investment.

The impact of Illinois's financial troubles on the muni market.



  Read article




5 common fee-based challenges—and how to overcome them








Article









Operating under a fiduciary standard isn’t without its challenges, but with every obstacle comes opportunity. This piece outlines 5 common scenarios advisors might face regarding anxiety over digital advice, increased fee scrutiny, and more.
Operating under a fiduciary standard isn’t without its challenges. Here are 5 obstacles advisors might face and action steps to help overcome them.

  Read article




How America Saves 2017, small business edition











Whitepaper







The Vanguard Retirement Plan Access supplement to How America Saves 2107 provides the latest on DC retirement plan trends in plans with up to $20 million in assets.

Learn the latest about plan sponsor and participant behavior in retirement plans with up to $20 million in assets.



  Read executive summary

 | 
  Read white paper





Performance vs. cost: Your clients don't have to choose








Article









Vanguard is driving down the cost of advised investing through productsthat deliver best-in-class performance at a fraction of the industry average cost.
Cost or performance? Why not both?

  Read article




Active using passive


















Blog


The increased use of passive products doesn’t necessarily mean more passive allocations—investors are still building active portfolios.

The increased use of passive products doesn’t necessarily mean more passive allocations—investors are still building active portfolios.



Read blog  




Risk speedometer: Pumping the brakes








Article









Vanguard's risk speedometers are our unique lens on investor behavior. This monthly update looks at May 2017 cash-flow data.
Vanguard's risk speedometers are our unique lens on investor behavior. This monthly update looks at May 2017 cash-flow data. 

  Read article




Fiduciary rule: What's in effect and what's to come










Article









Our expert discusses conflicts of interest, enforcement, SEC comments, and the future of the DOL’s industry-changing regulation on retirement advice. 

Our expert discusses conflicts of interest, enforcement, SEC comments, and the future of the DOL’s industry-changing regulation on retirement advice. 



  Read article




Get the latest in DC plan trends from How America Saves 2017










Whitepaper







This resource provides other valuable research from Vanguard experts on a variety of topics of interest to retirement plan sponsors and other institutional investors. 
Get the latest on DC retirement plan trends based on the retirement savings behavior of about 4 million plan participants.

  Read executive summary

 | 
  Read white paper





An analysis of dividend-oriented equity strategies











Whitepaper







As more investors gain interest in dividend strategies, it's prudent to understand how they can work in a client's portfolio. This paper examines the performances of high-dividend-yielding and dividend-growth strategies and the role they can play in an investment plan.

This white paper examines dividend-oriented equity strategies and the role they can play in a client's portfolio.



  Read executive summary

 | 
  Read white paper





How you can use Vanguard's Principles for Investing Success






Audio





 | 
Transcript available




In this 16-minute podcast, Andy Clarke, a principal in Vanguard Investment Strategy Group, explains how all types investors can use Vanguard's Principles for Investing Success to help meet specific financial goals. 
In this podcast, Vanguard's Andy Clarke explains how Vanguard's Principles for Investing Success can help investors make decisions to meet specific goals.

  Listen to audiocast

 | 
  Read transcript





































More Research & commentary  


 



Featured contributors






Joe Davis, Ph.D.Global Chief EconomistMore from Joe








Joel Dickson, Ph.D.Global Head of Investment Research and DevelopmentMore from Joel








Fran Kinniry, CFASenior Investment StrategistMore from Fran




Series
Financial Planning Perspectives 

Global Macro Matters 
Vanguard's outlook on the events and actions shaping the markets and the economy.
Investment Commentary Podcast 
A monthly audio series that addresses topical investment issues on the minds of your clients.
ETF Perspectives 
ETF Perspectives brings you insights from a variety of leaders while sharing Vanguard's own research on ETFs.


Types

Research briefs

Advisor-centered research that's accessible, actionable, and sharable with clients.
White papers

Proprietary investment research and perspectives.
More 
VideoAudioArticles





   
























Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 12:06 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by OFI Global Asset Management, Inc. The fund is co-managed by OppenheimerFunds, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in value stocks of mid-cap companies with market capitalization within the range of the Russell Midcap Value Index. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach focusing on factors like favorable supply and demand conditions for key products, development of new products or businesses, quality of managemen...
Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by OFI Global Asset Management, Inc. The fund is co-managed by OppenheimerFunds, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in value stocks of mid-cap companies with market capitalization within the range of the Russell Midcap Value Index. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach focusing on factors like favorable supply and demand conditions for key products, development of new products or businesses, quality of management, effective allocation of capital, and competitive position in the market place to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell MidCap Value Index. The fund was formerly known as Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Small- & Mid- Cap Value Fund. Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund was formed on April 1, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


Two World Financial Center225 Liberty Street11th FloorNew York, NY 10281-1008United StatesFounded in 1987



Phone: 212-323-0200

Fax: 212-323-4070

www.oppenheimerfunds.com/investors/fund/mid-cap-value-fund







Key Executives for Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund




Ms. Christina M. Nasta


      	Chief Business Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Arthur Sanford Gabinet


      	General Counsel
      


Age: 59
        







Ms. Lisa I. Bloomberg


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Randy G. Legg


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Taylor V. Edwards


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 50
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund, please visit www.oppenheimerfunds.com/investors/fund/mid-cap-value-fund.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 12:06 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund is an open-ended multi-asset mutual fund launched and managed by OFI Global Asset Management, Inc. It is co-managed by OppenheimerFunds, Inc. The fund primarily invests in the public equity, fixed income, commodity, and currency markets across the globe. It takes long and short positions and uses derivatives such as options, futures, and swaps to make its investments. For its equity portion, the fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in fixed-income securities ...
Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund is an open-ended multi-asset mutual fund launched and managed by OFI Global Asset Management, Inc. It is co-managed by OppenheimerFunds, Inc. The fund primarily invests in the public equity, fixed income, commodity, and currency markets across the globe. It takes long and short positions and uses derivatives such as options, futures, and swaps to make its investments. For its equity portion, the fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in fixed-income securities including loans, asset-backed securities, event-linked bonds, credit-sensitive convertibles, high-grade, high-yield and distressed credit, and sovereign debt. It also invests in currencies and commodities. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a top-down and bottom-up security selection approach focusing on factors like valuations, risk allocation fluctuations, market, economic, industry, and company-specific factors to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index and HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index. The fund was formerly known as Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Flexible Strategies Fund. Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund was formed on March 1, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


Two World Financial Center225 Liberty Street11th FloorNew York, NY 10281-1008United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 212-323-0200

Fax: 212-323-4070

www.oppenheimerfunds.com/investors/fund/fundamental-alternatives-fund







Key Executives for Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund




Ms. Christina M. Nasta


      	Chief Business Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Arthur Sanford Gabinet


      	General Counsel
      


Age: 59
        







Ms. Lisa I. Bloomberg


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Randy G. Legg


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Taylor V. Edwards


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 50
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oppenheimer Quest for Value Funds - Oppenheimer Fundamental Alternatives Fund, please visit www.oppenheimerfunds.com/investors/fund/fundamental-alternatives-fund.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























OPPENHEIMER QUEST FOR VALUE FUNDS - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Management Investment, Open-End



Mutual Fund Sales, On Own Account



                            OPPENHEIMER QUEST FOR VALUE FUNDS
                                    



 





















O 


OPPENHEIMER QUEST FOR VALUE FUNDS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



225 LIBERTY ST FL 11 NEW YORK, NY 10281
Get Directions



(212) 323-0200





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Mutual Fund Sales, On Own Account
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $150,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







O

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Asset Management Industry Report


















OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INCCompany Information

6803 S Tucson WayCentennial, CO, 80112 United States(303) 768-3200 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INC Company Profile
Management investment, open-end, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Centennial, CO, United States
Asset Management







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Asset Management Industry Report















OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INC Revenue and Financial Data
Management investment, open-end, nsk







Financials Information for OPPENHEIMER QUEST VALUE FUND, INC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.213737 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Medium
                        These businesses have a moderate projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure.






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days


























QVOPX Mutual Fund - Oppenheimer-Quest-Opportunity-Value-Fund Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 












 OPPENHEIMER QUEST FOR VALUE FUNDS (Form: 497K, Received: 02/25/2015 17:30:18) 




















	OPPENHEIMER










	Small- & Mid- Cap Value Fund












	Summary Prospectus








	February 27, 2015











	NYSE Ticker Symbols








	Class A






	QVSCX








	Class B






	QSCBX








	Class C






	QSCCX








	Class R






	QSCNX








	Class Y






	QSCYX








	Class I






	QSCIX

























	Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund's prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its risks.
	You can find the Fund's prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual Report and other information about the Fund
	online at https://www.oppenheimerfunds.com/fund/SmallMidCapValueFund. You can also get this information at no cost by calling 1.800.225.5677 or by sending an email request to: info@oppenheimerfunds.com.









	The Fund's prospectus and Statement of Additional Information ("SAI"), both dated February 27, 2015, and through page 50 of its most recent Annual Report, dated October 31, 2014, are incorporated by reference into this Summary Prospectus. You can access the Fund's prospectus and SAI at https://www.oppenheimerfunds.com/fund/SmallMidCapValueFund. The Fund's prospectus is also available from financial intermediaries who are authorized to sell Fund shares.

















	Investment Objective.

	 The Fund seeks capital appreciation.















	Fees and Expenses of the Fund.

	This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold or redeem shares of the Fund. You may qualify
	for sales charge discounts if you (or you and your spouse) invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $25,000 in certain
	funds in the Oppenheimer family of funds. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial
	professional and in the section "About Your Account" beginning on page 14 of the prospectus and in the sections "How to Buy Shares" beginning on page 48 and "Appendix A" in the Fund's Statement of Additional Information.














	Shareholder Fees


































	(fees paid directly from your investment)








	Class A








	Class B








	Class C








	Class R








	Class Y








	Class I









	Maximum Sales Charge (Load) imposed on purchases (as % of offering price)






	5.75%






	None






	None






	None






	None






	None








	Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as % of the lower of original offering price or redemption proceeds)






	None






	5%






	1%






	None






	None






	None







	 








	Annual Fund Operating Expenses 

	1






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)


	 


	Class A


	 


	Class B


	 


	Class C


	 


	Class R


	 


	Class Y


	 


	Class I




	Management Fees


	 


	 


	0.69


	%


	 


	 


	0.69


	%


	 


	 


	0.69


	%


	 


	 


	0.69


	%


	 


	 


	0.69


	%


	 


	 


	0.69


	%




	Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees


	 


	 


	0.25


	%


	 


	 


	1.00


	%


	 


	 


	1.00


	%


	 


	 


	0.50


	%


	 


	 




	None




	 


	 


	 




	None




	 




	Other Expenses


	 


	 


	0.23


	%


	 


	 


	0.23


	%


	 


	 


	0.23


	%


	 


	 


	0.23


	%


	 


	 


	0.23


	%


	 


	 


	0.04


	%




	Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	1.17


	%


	 


	 


	1.92


	%


	 


	 


	1.92


	%


	 


	 


	1.42


	%


	 


	 


	0.92


	%


	 


	 


	0.73


	%







	1.




	Expenses have been restated to reflect current fees.









	Example.

	The following Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other
	mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in a class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated.
	 The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund's operating expenses remain the
	same.  Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your expenses would be as follows:








	 


















	If shares are redeemed








	If shares are not redeemed


















	1 Year








	3 Years








	5 Years








	10 Years








	1 Year








	3 Years








	5 Years








	10 Years









	Class A






	$






	688












	$






	927












	$






	1,185












	$






	1,921












	$






	688












	$






	927












	$






	1,185












	$






	1,921














	Class B






	$






	697












	$






	909












	$






	1,247












	$






	1,885












	$






	197












	$






	609












	$






	1,047












	$






	1,885














	Class C






	$






	297












	$






	609












	$






	1,047












	$






	2,264












	$






	197












	$






	609












	$






	1,047












	$






	2,264














	Class R






	$






	146












	$






	452












	$






	782












	$






	1,714












	$






	146












	$






	452












	$






	782












	$






	1,714














	Class Y






	$






	94












	$






	295












	$






	512












	$






	1,136












	$






	94












	$






	295












	$






	512












	$






	1,136














	Class I






	$






	75












	$






	234












	$






	407












	$






	910












	$






	75












	$






	234












	$






	407












	$






	910
















































	Portfolio Turnover.


	The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio).
	A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are
	held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect
	the Fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate was 51% of the average value of its portfolio.















	Principal Investment Strategies.

	The Fund mainly invests in common stocks of U.S. companies that have a market capitalization up to $13 billion. That range
	includes both small- and mid-cap stocks. The Fund has no fixed ratio for the percentage of small-cap and mid-cap stocks required
	to be held in its portfolio. Under normal market conditions the Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets, plus the
	amount of any borrowings for investment purposes, in equity securities of small-cap and mid-cap issuers. The Fund can invest
	up to 5% of its total assets in securities of small, unseasoned companies.








	The Fund primarily invests in U.S. companies but may also purchase securities of issuers in any country, including developed
	and emerging market countries. While the Fund has no limits on the percentage of its assets it can invest in foreign securities,
	normally it does not expect to invest substantial amounts of its assets in foreign securities and generally limits investments
	in emerging markets to not more than 5% of its total assets. The Fund emphasizes securities that the portfolio manager believes
	are undervalued.








	In selecting investments for the Fund, the portfolio managers look for stocks of small- and mid-cap companies that they believe
	have been undervalued by the market. A security may be undervalued because the market is not aware of the issuer's intrinsic
	value, does not yet recognize its future potential, or the issuer may be temporarily out of favor. The Fund seeks to realize
	gains in the prices of those securities when other investors recognize their real or prospective worth. The portfolio managers
	use a "bottom up" approach to select securities one at a time before considering industry trends. Those companies may have
	a low ratio of their stock price to earnings, for example. The portfolio managers also analyze factors such as a company's
	book value, sales, earnings, growth potential and cash flows. After considering these criteria, the portfolio manager may
	also look at broader industry and economic trends that could affect the growth potential of particular small- and mid-cap
	stocks. The portfolio managers currently focus on companies with the following characteristics, which may vary in particular
	cases and may change over time:




	■



	Favorable supply/demand conditions for key products




	■



	Development of new products or businesses




	■



	Quality of management




	■



	Competitive position in the marketplace




	■



	Effective allocation of capital








	The Fund may sell securities that the portfolio manager believes no longer meet the above criteria, but is not required to
	do so.















	Principal Risks.

	The price of the Fund's shares can go up and down substantially. The value of the Fund's investments may change because of
	broad changes in the markets in which the Fund invests or because of poor investment selection, which could cause the Fund
	to underperform other funds with similar investment objectives. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment
	objective. When you redeem your shares, they may be worth more or less than what you paid for them.

	These risks mean that you can lose money by investing in the Fund.














	Risks of Investing in Stock.

	The value of a Fund's portfolio may be affected by changes in the stock markets. Stock markets may experience significant
	short-term volatility and may fall sharply at times. Adverse events in any part of the equity or fixed-income markets may
	have unexpected negative effects on other market segments. Different stock markets may behave differently from each other
	and U.S. stock markets may move in the opposite direction from one or more foreign stock markets.








	The prices of individual stocks generally do not all move in the same direction at the same time. For example, "growth" stocks
	may perform well under circumstances in which "value" stocks in general have fallen. A variety of factors can affect the price
	of a particular company's stock. These factors may include, but are not limited to: poor earnings reports, a loss of customers,
	litigation against the company, general unfavorable performance of the company's sector or industry, or changes in government
	regulations affecting the company or its industry. To the extent that securities of a particular type are emphasized, for
	example foreign stocks, stocks of small- or mid-sized companies, growth or value stocks, or stocks of companies in a particular
	industry, its share value may fluctuate more in response to events affecting the market for those types of securities.













	Risks of Value Investing.

	Value investing entails the risk that if the market does not recognize that the Fund's securities are undervalued, the prices
	of those securities might not appreciate as anticipated. A value approach could also result in fewer investments that increase
	rapidly during times of market gains and could cause the Fund to underperform funds that use a growth or non-value approach
	to investing. Value investing has gone in and out of favor during past market cycles and when value investing is out of favor
	or when markets are unstable, the securities of "value" companies may underperform the securities of "growth" companies.













	Risks of Small- and Mid-Cap Companies.

	The stock prices of small- and mid-cap companies may be more volatile and their securities may be more difficult to sell
	than those of larger companies. They may not have established markets, may have fewer customers and product lines, may have
	unseasoned management or less management depth and may have more limited access to financial resources. Smaller companies
	may not pay dividends or provide capital gains for some time, if at all.












	    


	Industry and Sector Focus



	.

	At times the Fund may increase the relative emphasis of its investments in a particular industry or sector. The prices of
	stocks of issuers in a particular industry or sector may go up and down in response to changes in economic conditions, government
	regulations, availability of basic resources or supplies, or other events that affect that industry or sector more than others.
	To the extent that the Fund increases the relative emphasis of its investments in a particular industry or sector, its share
	values may fluctuate in response to events affecting that industry or sector. To some extent that risk may be limited by the
	Fund's policy of not concentrating its investments in any one industry. 













	Risks of Foreign Investing.

	Foreign securities are subject to special risks. Securities traded in foreign markets may be less liquid and more volatile than those traded in U.S. markets. Foreign issuers are usually not subject to the same accounting and disclosure
	requirements that U.S. companies are subject to, which may make it difficult for the Fund to evaluate a foreign company's operations or financial
	condition. A




	 







	2












	change in the value of a foreign currency against the U.S. dollar will result in a change in the U.S. dollar value of securities
	denominated in that foreign currency and in the value of any income or distributions the Fund may receive on those securities. The value
	of foreign investments may be affected by exchange control regulations, foreign taxes, higher transaction and other costs, delays in
	the settlement of transactions, changes in economic or monetary policy in the United States or abroad, expropriation or nationalization of a
	company's assets, or other political and economic factors. In addition, due to the inter-relationship of global economies and financial
	markets, changes in political and economic factors in one country or region could adversely affect conditions in another country or region.
	Investments in foreign securities may also expose the Fund to time-zone arbitrage risk. Foreign securities may trade on weekends or other
	days when the Fund does not price its shares. As a result, the value of the Fund's net assets may change on days when you will not be able
	to purchase or redeem the Fund's shares. At times, the Fund may emphasize investments in a particular country or region and may be subject
	to greater risks from adverse events that occur in that country or region. Foreign securities and foreign currencies held in foreign
	banks and securities depositories may be subject to only limited or no regulatory oversight.








	    


	Risks of Developing and Emerging Markets



	.

	Risks of foreign investing may be greater for investments in developing or emerging market countries. Developing or emerging
	market countries may have less well-developed securities markets and exchanges that may be substantially less liquid than
	those of more developed markets. Settlement procedures in developing or emerging markets may differ from those of more established
	securities markets, and settlement delays may result in the inability to invest assets or to dispose of portfolio securities
	in a timely manner. Securities prices in developing or emerging markets may be significantly more volatile than is the case
	in more developed nations of the world, and governments of developing or emerging market countries may also be more unstable
	than the governments of more developed countries. Such countries' economies may be more dependent on relatively few industries
	that may be highly vulnerable to local and global changes. Developing or emerging market countries also may be subject to
	social, political or economic instability. The value of developing or emerging market currencies may fluctuate more than the
	currencies of countries with more mature markets. Investments in developing or emerging market countries may be subject to
	greater risks of government restrictions, including confiscatory taxation, expropriation or nationalization of a company's
	assets, restrictions on foreign ownership of local companies and restrictions on withdrawing assets from the country. In addition,
	the ability of foreign entities to participate in privatization programs of certain developing or emerging market countries
	may be limited by local law. Investments in securities of issuers in developing or emerging market countries may be considered
	speculative.













	Who Is the Fund Designed For?

	The Fund is designed primarily for investors seeking capital appreciation. Those investors should be willing to assume the
	risks of short-term share price fluctuations and losses that are typical for funds emphasizing small- and mid-cap stock investments.
	Since the Fund does not seek current income and its income from investments will likely be small, it is not designed for investors
	needing an assured level of current income. The Fund is not a complete investment program and may not be appropriate for all
	investors. You should carefully consider your own investment goals and risk tolerance before investing in the Fund.













	An investment in the Fund is not a deposit of any bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
	or any other government agency.
















	The Fund's Past Performance.

	The bar chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the Fund's
	performance (for Class A shares) from calendar year to calendar year and by showing how the Fund's average annual returns for the periods of time shown in
	the table compare with those of a broad measure of market performance. The Fund's past investment performance (before and
	after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. More recent performance information
	is available by calling the toll-free number on the back of this prospectus and on the Fund's website:

	 https://www.oppenheimerfunds.com/fund/SmallMidCapValueFund















	Sales charges and taxes are not included and the returns would be lower if they were. During the period shown, the highest
	return for a calendar quarter was 23.11% (2nd Qtr 09) and the lowest return for a calendar quarter was -31.17% (4th Qtr 08). For the period from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2014 the cumulative return before sales charges and taxes was 10.57%. 












	The following table shows the average annual total returns for each class of the Fund's shares. After-tax returns are calculated
	using the highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. Your
	actual after-tax returns, depending on your individual tax situation, may differ from those shown and after-tax returns shown
	are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual
	retirement accounts. After-tax returns are shown for only one class and after-tax returns for other classes will vary.




	 







	3












	 












	Average Annual Total Returns

	for the periods ended December 31, 2014





















































	1 Year








	5 Years (or life of class, if less)








	10 Years (or life of class, if less)









	Class A Shares (inception 1/3/89)












































	Return Before Taxes






	4.20






	%






	11.87






	%






	6.20






	%








	Return After Taxes on Distributions






	3.92






	%






	11.73






	%






	5.62






	%








	Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares






	2.37






	%






	9.41






	%






	4.82






	%








	Class B Shares (inception 9/1/93)






	4.76






	%






	12.04






	%






	6.32






	%








	Class C Shares (inception 9/1/93)






	8.74






	%






	12.34






	%






	6.02






	%








	Class R Shares (inception 3/1/01)






	9.26






	%






	12.91






	%






	6.52






	%








	Class Y Shares (inception 10/24/05)






	10.95






	%






	13.56






	%






	7.08






	%








	Class I Shares (inception 02/28/12)






	11.02






	%






	16.52






	%






	N/A














	Russell 2500® Value Index






	7.11






	%






	15.48






	%






	7.91






	%








	(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)


















	17.14






	% 

	1







	8.24






	% 

	2









	1.




	As of 02/29/2012





	2.





	As of 10/31/2005















	Investment Adviser.

	 OFI Global Asset Management, Inc. (the "Manager") is the Fund's investment adviser.  OppenheimerFunds, Inc. (the "Sub-Adviser")
	is its sub-adviser. 














	Portfolio Managers.  Laton Spahr, CFA, has been a Vice President and portfolio manager and Eric Hewitt has been a Vice President
	and co-portfolio manager of the Fund since March 2013.
















	Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares.


	You can buy most classes of Fund shares with a minimum initial investment of $1,000. Traditional and Roth IRA, Asset Builder
	Plan, Automatic Exchange Plan and government allotment plan accounts may be opened with a minimum initial investment of $500.
	For wrap fee-based programs, salary reduction plans and other retirement plans and accounts, there is no minimum initial investment.
	Once your account is open, subsequent purchases may be made in any amount. For Class I shares, the minimum initial investment
	is $5 million per account. The Class I share minimum initial investment will be waived for retirement plan service provider
	platforms.








	Shares may be purchased through a financial intermediary or the Distributor and redeemed through a financial intermediary
	or the Transfer Agent on days the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. Shareholders may purchase or redeem shares
	by mail, through the website at www.oppenheimerfunds.com or by calling 1.800.225.5677.








	Share transactions may be paid by check, by Federal Funds wire or directly from or into your bank account.
















	Class B shares are no longer offered for new purchases. Any investments for existing Class B share accounts will be made in
	Class A shares of Oppenheimer Money Market Fund.



















	Taxes.

	Fund distributions are subject to Federal income tax as ordinary income or as capital gains and they may also be subject
	to state or local taxes, unless your shares are held in a tax-deferred account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon
	withdrawal of your investment from such account).















	Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries.

	If you purchase Fund shares through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund, the Sub-Adviser,
	or their related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create
	a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over
	another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary's website for more information.


















	For More Information About Oppenheimer Small- & Mid- Cap Value Fund












	You can access the Fund's prospectus and SAI at https://www.oppenheimerfunds.com/fund/SmallMidCapValueFund. You can also request additional information about the Fund or your account:











	Telephone







	Call OppenheimerFunds Services toll-free:

	1.800.CALL OPP (1.800.225.5677)








	Mail:







	For requests by mail:


	OppenheimerFunds Services

	P.O. Box 5270

	Denver, Colorado 80217-5270







	For requests by courier or express mail:


	OppenheimerFunds Services

	12100 East Iliff Avenue Suite 300

	Aurora, Colorado 80014









	Internet:






	You may request documents, and read or download certain documents at

	www.oppenheimerfunds.com









	 
















	PR0251.001.0215












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.26
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:38:42 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )











Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Overview of the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment ETF | Direxion


























 






























Why KNOW? Why now?
Since inception, the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF (Ticker: KNOW) has outperfomed the major U.S. stock indexes including the: S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, S&P SmallCap 600 and S&P1500 (source: Morningstar Direct). 
It makes sense. Corporate insiders− top officers, boards of directors, and major shareholders − have a natural edge over retail investors, and even financial analysts, because they typically know their businesses and industries better than anyone. That’s why, no matter how much research you do, or how much financial news you consume, you’re always a step behind those “in the know”.
The Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares (KNOW) is designed to help long term-investors pursue better portfolio outcomes by using insider sentiment to seek alpha relative to S&P 500® Index.
With a net expense ratio of just 0.65%, this strategic index-based ETF provides investors with cost-effective access to stocks that corporate officers, directors, and shareholders who own more than 5% of each company’s stock, are accumulating.
This insider sentiment selection uses a screening methodology based on public-company filings and positive earnings analysis that provides the basis for the funds’ quantitatively-weighted indexes. The ETF is comprised of 100 companies selected from the S&P 1500 Index.
Fact Sheet Performance Comparison Prospectus
 



 NAVs and market price information as of July 26, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

Sabrient Multi-Cap Insider/Analyst Quant-Weighted Index (SBRQAMTR)


Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

NAV
0.90
1.01
4.40
14.98
9.74
17.51

16.03

12/8/2011

0.77 						/
						 0.65*					


Market Close
0.84
0.74
4.46
15.00
9.76
17.68

16.05












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

40.33
-0.19
-0.47
40.34
-0.16
						-0.40
0.01








Ticker
Fund Name
Record Date
Ex Date
Pay Date
Income Dividend
Short-Term Capital Gain
Long-Term Capital Gain




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/22/2017


6/20/2017


6/27/2017

0.10643




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/23/2017


3/21/2017


3/28/2017

0.25251




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/22/2016


12/20/2016


12/28/2016

0.3796
2.98944



KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/22/2016


9/20/2016


9/27/2016

0.25034




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/23/2016


6/21/2016


6/28/2016

0.31042




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/24/2016


3/22/2016


3/30/2016

0.45018




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/24/2015


12/22/2015


12/30/2015

0.05891




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/24/2015


9/22/2015


9/29/2015

0.19703








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.65%. The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2017, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.65% other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions, expenses incurred in connection with any merger or reorganization and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. 
 
The potential benefits of Direxion’s All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF

Allows investors to identify and participate in stocks that corporate insiders are accumulating
Offers access to a rules-based index approach to equity investing
Focuses on insider transactions and analyst ratings to determine weightings within the Index
Allocations to sectors within the index can vary significantly from traditional cap-weighted equity benchmark weightings

 






















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















ETF & Mutual Fund Investment Tools | Direxion



























 


















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 










    Tools You Can Use  


Direxion provides a suite of tools that can be highly beneficial when implementing tactical investment strategies. These tools can be applied to strategies that are both specific and non-specific to Direxion.


Mutual Fund Tools


  Exposure Level Tools    


The following tools help determine a Monthly Leveraged Index Fund's estimated exposure level for the day on which it is purchased using data feeds which provide real time values. 
 

ETF Tools


  Premium/Discount Tool    


The Premium/Discount Tool illustrates the daily difference (premium or discount) between the market closing price and calculated net asset value per share of Direxion ETFs.
 














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











EPI: WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


























                    EPI
                


WisdomTree India Earnings Fund
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund



Access EPI Research
Access EPI Research







                The First And Most Liquid* India ETF
            

EPI: WisdomTree India Earnings Fund
EPI, the WisdomTree India Earnings Fund, is the first exchange traded fund 100% invested in India, one of the world's fastest-growing economies. For the first time, you have access and broad exposure to local shares of profitable companies in the Indian equity market** included in the WisdomTree India Earnings Index as of the Index's annual screening date.








                    Register with WisdomTree to Learn More About EPI
                


Plus, get exclusive content, 
industry insights, and more
 





















 Individual Investor



 Financial Professional















































By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.





Download EPI Research 
Download EPI Research 




I'm already registered with WisdomTree
I'm already  
registered with WisdomTree  



cta-arrow-aqua













WisdomTree.com  •  866.909.9473


















Investment Advisor & Management | Our Services | BMO Harris Bank









































×
Close popup
























How can we help?

Click




Personal
Wealth
Small Business
Commercial



Back
Wealth



                                Why BMO Wealth Management
                                




                                How We Help
                                




                                Who We Help
                                




                                Our Services
                                




                                Insights
                            



                                Contact Us
                            




Back
Why BMO Wealth Management



                                        Recognition & Awards
                                    



                                        Executive Leadership
                                    




Back
How We Help



                                        Plan
                                    



                                        Grow
                                    



                                        Protect
                                    



                                        Transition
                                    




Back
Who We Help



                                        Individuals & Families
                                    



                                        Business Owners & Entrepreneurs
                                    



                                        Professionals & Executives
                                    



                                        Family Offices
                                    




Back
Our Services



                                        Wealth Planning
                                    



                                        Banking & Borrowing
                                    



                                        Investment Management
                                    



                                        Retirement Planning
                                    



                                        Trust & Estate
                                    



                                        Philanthropy
                                    



                                        Tax Planning Strategies
                                    



                                        Insurance & Risk Management
                                    



                                        Family Office
                                    




Back
Insights




Back
Contact Us




Select Region/Language


US

English


Canada

English
Français


China

中文




Contact Us

Email
Phone 
Locations 












COMMERCIAL

Online Banking for Business
Auto Dealer Access System
Equipment Finance
Transportation Finance MyAccounts
Transportation Finance Business Pro 2.0



SMALL BUSINESS

Credit Card
Diners Club
Harris Details Online
Business Online Payroll
Client Line
Vantiv iQ



WEALTH

BMO Wealth Connection
Online Banking
Advisory / Brokerage
Investment Online
CTCmyCFO Online Services
Credit Card
Total Look



PERSONAL

Credit Card
BMO Harris Rewards
Diners Club
Mortgage Application
Advisory / Brokerage
Express loan Pay
401k / Retirement
Health Savings (HSA)













Select Region/Language


US
English

Canada
English
Français

China
中文
















Investment Advisor & Management | Our Services | BMO Harris Bank


















INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT





Your path to financial success is unique. That’s why we believe investment management must be a dynamic process that helps you accumulate, grow and protect your wealth to meet both your immediate and long-term needs.

False



Contact Us





  Let us contact you  
  Call us  
  Locate us  







On this page



                    We’re Here to Help
                    




                    Our Approach
                    




                    Related Insights
                    




                    Contact Us
                    









Investment Management



Contact Us





Let us contact you
Call us
Locate us












                            We’re Here to Help
                            




                            Our Approach
                            




                            Related Insights
                            




                            Contact Us
                            






Investment Management




We’re Here to Help


Our Approach


Related Insights


Contact Us


 






WE’RE HERE TO HELP



Our experts are here to help you achieve what matters most to you.
Learn more about our team members and get in touch with one today.





Michael Stritch
National Head of Investment Management, BMO Wealth Management – U.S.




Profile




Send A Message




Call 312-461-3184




                                Call three one two -four six one -three one eight four 
                                Call 312-461-3184






Nick Paldrmic 
National Head U.S. Ultra-High Net Worth practice & President CTC l myCFO




Profile




Send A Message




Call 312-833-7297




                                Call three one two -eight three three -seven two nine seven 
                                Call 312-833-7297












OUR APPROACH




Whether you prefer professional asset management or a traditional, full-service brokerage relationship, we offer a disciplined yet customized process to craft a portfolio that reflects your specific goals, risk level and timeline.
 

Our investment process is designed to provide investment direction and advice that is fueled by your goals and informed by extensive research, expertise, and a core set of strategic factors.
 
We work with you to:

Define your objectives, examining your time horizon, risk profile, liquidity needs, tax considerations and investment objectives.
Set a strategic asset allocation, looking at long-term capital allocation and diversifying across asset classes.  We’ll walk you through your investment objectives based on your tolerance for risk.
Build your portfolio by identifying appropriate investments based on your tax concerns, liquidity needs and more.
 Make tactical shifts when the timing is right, helping you capture market opportunities, enhance returns or reduce risk.
 Manage your portfolio on an ongoing basis, regularly rebalancing your asset allocation, and providing you with comprehensive reporting and performance analysis.
	 




 

 Read more 









RELATED INSIGHTS



Explore our resources and insights to help you make smarter decisions and help you manage your wealth to its fullest potential.

False




















                View more Insights
            












Resource Title







Resource Title



Jan 99, 2099 |
                    
Primary Category,
Secondary Category |
                    
Name of Author



                    short description goes here
                










CONTACT US



Let’s talk about your wealth management needs.


  Let us contact you  
  Call us  
  Locate us  






LEGAL



Research services are provided by an affiliate company.












Wealth Management




Personal
Small Business
Commercial
About Us








Why BMO Wealth Management



Recognition & Awards


Executive Leadership





How We Help



Plan


Grow


Protect


Transition





Who We Help



Individuals & Families


Business Owners & Entrepreneurs


Professionals & Executives


Family Offices





Our Services



Wealth Planning


Banking & Borrowing


Investment Management


Retirement Planning


Trust & Estate




Philanthropy


Tax Planning Strategies


Insurance & Risk Management


Family Office





Insights






Contact Us














Contact Us



Email  | 
Phone  | 
Locations 






Follow BMO Harris Bank



facebook
twitter
youtube
linked in







Careers | 
Security | 
Privacy – BMO Harris Financial Advisors | 
Privacy – BMO Private Bank | 
Privacy – CTC | myCFO | 
Legal | 
Disclosures | 
Sitemap | 
Accessibility



BMO Wealth Management is a brand name that refers to BMO Harris Bank N.A. and certain of its affiliates that provide certain brokerage, investment advisory, trust, banking, securities, and insurance and brokerage products and services.
BMO Private Bank is a brand name used in the United States by BMO Harris Bank N.A. Not all products
and services are available in every state and/or location.
CTC | myCFO is a brand delivering family office services and investment advisory services through CTC myCFO, LLC, an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; investment management services, trust, deposit and loan products and services through BMO Harris Bank N.A., a national bank with trust powers; and trust services through BMO Delaware Trust Company, a Delaware limited purpose trust company.  BMO Delaware Trust Company offers trust services only, does not offer depository, financing or other banking products, and is not FDIC insured.  Not all products and services are available in every state and/or location.  Family Office Services are not fiduciary services and are not subject to the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 or the rules promulgated thereunder.
Capital Advisory Services are offered by a division of BMO Harris Bank N.A.
BMO Harris Premier Services represents a combined service approach of BMO Harris Financial Advisors and BMO Harris Bank, each a part of BMO Financial Group.
BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal.
BMO Harris Bank N.A. and its affiliates do not provide estate planning services.  Please consult with your legal advisor. 
Banking products and services are subject to bank and credit approval. BMO Harris Bank N.A. Member FDIC. 
Notice to Customers
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law (USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 signed into law October 26, 2001)) requires all financial organizations to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other provided within 30 calendar days, the account will be subject to closure. 
 Third party web sites may have privacy and security policies different from BMO Harris. Links to other web sites do not imply the endorsement or approval of such web sites. Please review the privacy and security policies of web sites reached through links from BMO Harris web sites.
This information is being used to support the promotion or marketing of the planning strategies discussed herein. This information is not intended to be legal advice or tax advice and should not be relied upon as such. You should review your particular circumstances with your independent legal and tax advisors.
BMO Harris Bank N.A. is an affiliate of BMO Harris Financial Advisors, Inc., BMO Investment Distributors, Inc., BMO Asset Management Corp., Taplin, Canida & Habacht LLC, Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., and CTC myCFO, LLC. 
INVESTMENTS
•    Trust and certain investment products and services are offered by BMO Harris Bank N.A. Assets held under these products are segregated by law and are not subject to FDIC coverage.
•    The BMO Funds are distributed through BMO Investment Distributors, LLC a limited broker dealer.  Member FINRA / SIPC.
•    Securities, investment advisory and insurance products and services are offered by BMO Harris Financial Advisors, Inc. a SEC-Registered Investment Adviser. Member FINRA / SIPC.
•    BMO Harris Financial Advisors, Inc. and BMO Harris Bank N.A. are affiliated companies.
•    Investment advisory services are offered through BMO Asset Management Corp., Taplin, Canida & Habacht LLC, Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., and CTC myCFO, LLC.
Securities, Insurance, and Investment products are: 
NOT FDIC INSURED – NOT BANK GUARANTEED – NOT A DEPOSIT – MAY LOSE VALUE.








close X


 
Privacy
 




FACTS


WHAT DOES CTC | myCFO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?




Why?


Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.




What?


           
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:

Social Security Number and Assets
Account Balances and Employment Information
Account Transactions and Wire Transfer Instructions





How?


All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday
business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their
customers’ personal information; the reasons CTC | myCFO chooses to share; and whether you
can limit this sharing.




 




Reasons we can share your personal information


Does CTC | myCFO share?


Can you limit this sharing?




For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.


Yes


No




For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you


Yes


No




For joint marketing with other financial companies


No


We don’t share




For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences


Yes


No




For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness


Yes


Yes




For our affiliates to market to you


No


We don’t share




For nonaffiliates to market to you


No


We don’t share




 




To limit our sharing


Call Toll-Free: 1-866-966-1130
			 
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.




Questions?


Call Toll-Free: 1-866-966-1130




 




What we do       




How does CTC | myCFO
protect my personal information?


To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.




How does CTC | myCFO
collect my personal information?


We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
 

open an account or give us your contact information


provide account information or seek advice about your investments
enter into an investment advisory contract

 
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.




Why can't I limit all sharing?


Federal law gives you the right to limit only: 
			 

sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you


			State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.




What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?


Your choices will apply to everyone at the same address in our records – unless you tell us otherwise.




 
 




Definitions




 




Affiliates


Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be
financial or nonfinancial companies.
			 

Our affiliates include financial companies with a Bank of Montreal or BMO name; and financial companies such as BMO Harris Bank, N.A.





Nonaffiliates


Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be
financial and nonfinancial companies.
			 

CTC | myCFO does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.




Joint Marketing

A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that
together market financial products or services to you.
			 

CTC | myCFO does not jointly market.





 
 




Other important information




For California Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of the BMO family of companies except with your authorization or as permitted by California law, such as to service your account. To authorize the sharing of this information, please call us toll-free at 1-877-225-3863. In addition, we will limit the sharing of information about you within the BMO family of companies to the extent required by California law. 

For Vermont Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of the BMO family of companies except with your authorization or as permitted by Vermont law, such as to service your account. We will not share within the BMO family of companies information about your creditworthiness without your authorization. To authorize this sharing please call us toll-free at 1-888-394-9178.

Nevada Residents: Notice provided pursuant to state law. To be placed on our internal Do Not Call List, call 1-888-394-9178. For more on this Nevada law, contact Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101. Phone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us
 














close X


 
Legal and Disclosures
 
All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification and asset allocation does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
 
Forward Looking Statements
The statements made herein take into account information currently available as well as historical trends. However, any forward-looking statement involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of future markets to differ materially from the projections depicted here. There can be no certainty as to the extent or depth of any market downturn, nor any assurance regarding the nature, extent or timing of markets rebounding, and past performance cannot be relied upon for future performance. When evaluating the information included in this report, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect judgments only as of the date of the materials creation.
 
Statements of Opinion Including Case Studies
The information and opinions expressed herein are obtained from sources believed to be reliable and up-to-date, however their accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. Opinions expressed reflect judgment current as of the date of this publication and are subject to change. Opinions expressed are current as of the date of the materials and are subject to change.
The materials on this site should in no way be construed as investment advice nor a solicitation to buy or sell securities or insurance products and services. No investment actions should be implemented based on the materials presented herein.
 
Investment Risk
Investment involves risk. The value of an investment as well as income associated with investments is not guaranteed and may fluctuate. Accordingly, investments may decline below what was originally invested.
 
International Investing
International investing, especially in emerging markets, involves special risks, such as currency exchange, political and economic risks. 
Alternative Investments
Alternative Investments involve a higher degree of risk because they may engage in leveraging or other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss. Alternative investments can also be highly illiquid.
 
REITs
REITs may be subject to greater volatility than investments in traditional securities and pose special risks. The value of real estate and portfolios that invest in real estate may fluctuate due to losses from causality or condemnation, changes in local and general economic conditions, supply and demand, interest rates, property taxes, and regulatory limitations on rents, zoning laws, and operating expenses.
 
Commodities
Commodities may be subject to greater volatility than securities and pose special risks. Investments in commodities may be affected by changes in interest rates, and other factors such as weather, disease, embargoes and international economic and political developments.
 
High Yield Bonds
High yield bonds are lower grade bonds whose principal may be subject to greater fluctuation than investments in higher rated bonds. Use of these instruments may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and credit risk.
 
Indices
Index performance is shown as total return. You cannot invest directly in an index, but you can invest in securities that track an index. Index funds are weighted and so may not perform in unison with the index.
 
Professional Designations
CFP
Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP®, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ and federally registered CFP (with flame design) in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board's initial and ongoing certification requirements.
CFA
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charter is a professional designation established in 1962 and awarded by the CFA Institute. To earn the CFA charter, candidates must pass three sequential, six-hour examinations over two to four years. The three levels of the CFA Program test a wide range of investment topics, including ethical and professional standards, fixed-income analysis, alternative and derivative investments, and portfolio management and wealth planning. In addition, CFA charterholders must have at least four years of acceptable professional experience in the investment decision-making process and must commit to abide by, and annually reaffirm, their adherence to the CFA Institute Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct. http://www.cfainstitute.org/aboutus/policies/cfaguide.html.
 
ADV Disclosure
To receive a copy of the CTC myCFO, LLC Investment Advisory Disclosure FORM ADV Parts 2(A) or (B) please contact the firm directly at (877) 692-3611.
 
Website Terms of Use
Please read these Website Terms of Use carefully. By accessing this Website, (including, the websites of BMO Harris Bank N.A. and its affiliates operating in the United States, which collectively are referred to as "BMO Harris," with all such websites collectively being referred to as "this Website"), you agree to be bound by these Website Terms of Use. BMO Harris may amend these Website Terms of Use, from time to time without notice to you by posting the most recent version on this Website. Please access and review these Website Terms of Use regularly. If you find any of the terms or conditions of these Website Terms of Use unacceptable to you at any time, please discontinue your use of this Website. By continuing to access this Website after the date of any amendments to these Website Terms of Use, you agree to be bound by the amended Website Terms of Use.
Certain sections or pages on this Website may contain separate terms conditions, disclosures or disclaimers, which are in addition to the Website Terms of Use. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms conditions, disclosures and disclaimers will govern for those sections or pages. These Website Terms of Use are in addition to those that apply to any accounts or services you may have with BMO Harris.
 
Use of the Website
You agree that you will not engage in any activities related to this Website that are contrary to applicable law, regulations or the terms of any agreements you may have with BMO Harris, its vendors, or other third parties in connection with your use of this Website. You further agree to establish commercially reasonable security procedures and controls to protect any of your confidential information. Further, you agree not to misuse this Website or its contents. This Website is intended for persons who are thirteen years old or older. If you are under 13, do not use this Website. If you need accommodations in order to use this Website, please contact our customer service staff by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address, or calling the telephone number, located at "Contact me" on this Website, or call your local BMO Harris branch.
 
Use of Information Included on this Website
All information provided on this Website is intended for informational purposes only. All information is believed to be reliable, but is not warranted to be accurate, timely or complete, nor is any information intended to constitute financial, accounting, legal or tax advice. Many factors unknown to BMO Harris may affect the applicability of any statement or comment made on the Website to your particular circumstances. You should consult directly with your tax or legal advisor or other financial provider before acting on any information on this Website. Investment services are not bank deposits or insured by the FDIC or other entity, and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of principal amount invested.
 
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, QUALITY, ADEQUACY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION OR TOOL ON THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE LINKED OR REFERENCED ON THIS WEBSITE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE LINKED OR REFERENCED ON THIS WEBSITE.
SUCH INFORMATION OR TOOL IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE PROVISIONS REGARDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES, LOST PROFITS OR PROSPECTIVE ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, RESULTING FROM ANY USE OR MISUSE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE LINKED OR REFERENCED ON THIS WEBSITE, OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION, DOCUMENTS, SOFTWARE OR CONTENT HEREOF OR THEREOF, IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PEROFMRANCE, ERROR, DELAY, DEFECT, VIRUS, SYSTEM FAILURE, OR ANY INCOMPATABILITY BETWEEN THE WEBSITE AND YOUR SITE ACCESSING PROGRAM, OR ANY PROBLEM CAUSED OUTSIDE BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. OR ITS AFFILIATES CONTROL, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH ARE REASONABLY FORSEEABLE.
 
Security
Do not communicate confidential information to BMO Harris over the Internet, or request that BMO Harris communicate confidential information to you over the Internet. If you choose to communicate confidential information to BMO Harris over the Internet or request that BMO Harris communicate information to you over the Internet, BMO Harris will not be responsible for any losses or damages you may incur as the result of such communication.
Please see the Security link for more information.
 
Privacy
Please see the Online and Mobile Privacy Policy for more information.
 
Submissions
All information submitted to BMO Harris via this Website shall be deemed the property of BMO Harris. BMO Harris will be free to use, for any purpose, any idea, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this Website provides to BMO Harris through this Website. BMO Harris shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as expressly agreed by BMO Harris executing a confidentiality agreement or as otherwise required by law.
Available Only Where Permitted by Law
The products and services described this Website are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered for sale. This Website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
Hyperlinks are Not Endorsements
Links to other websites or references to other products, services or publications do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by BMO Harris. Third party websites reached through links from this Website may also have privacy and security policies different from BMO Harris, and may provide less security. BMO Harris is not responsible for the collection, use, or security of information by companies outside of BMO Harris that may be linked to on this Website. If you choose to access any software available through links from this Website, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and ensure compatibility of the software with your specific computer system. You should also ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the information contained on your computer system prior to installing such software. Please review the privacy and security policies of websites reached through links from this Website.
Trademarks BMO Harris Bank, BMO Harris and certain other words, symbols and logos used on this Website in connection with BMO Harris products or services are trademarks and trade dress of BMO Harris. Certain other words and symbols used to identify the source of third party goods and services are trademarks of their respective owners, including the third party trademarks listed below. The display of any such trademarks or trade dress on this Website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted.
® Diners Club, Diners Club International with the Split Circle Device, Club Rewards, Carte Blanche, Club Cash, Global Vision and T+E Reconciler are registered trademarks of Diners Club International Ltd.
 
Copyright Notices
Copyright© 2016 BMO Harris Bank N.A. All Rights Reserved.
Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, display, distribution or other copying, or modification of any copyrightable matter in the above and/or the contents of this Website herein is strictly prohibited, and could subject those engaging in such activities to legal action.
All information at this Website is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. In addition, certain information may have been copyrighted by others. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce or republish in any form, any information found at this Website. Inquiries about permission should be directed to:
BMO Harris Bank N.A.
Marketing Department 
111 West Monroe, 21 W 
Chicago, IL 60603
 
Patents
BMO Harris is licensed by DTC under U.S. Patent Nos. 5,910,988 and 6,032,137. BMO Harris holds a license to practice U.S. Patent Nos. 6,405,181; 6,567,791; 7,143,063; 6,795,812; and 6,324,524.
As of 11.19.2010
 
Enforceability
In the event any part of this Website is declared by any court or other judicial or administrative body to be null, void or unenforceable, said provision shall survive to the extent it is not so declared, and all other provisions of this Website shall remain in full force and effect.
 
Governing Law
Use of this Website shall be governed by applicable United States of America federal and state laws.










close  X


 
Privacy
 




FACTS


WHAT DOES BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?




Why?


Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.




What?


           
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:

Social Security number and employment information
account transactions and transaction history
credit history and investment experience





How?


All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons BMO Harris Bank N.A. chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.




 
 




Reasons we can share your personal information


Does BMO Harris Bank N.A. share?


Can you limit this sharing?




For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.


Yes


No




For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you


Yes


No




For joint marketing with other financial companies


Yes


No




For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences


Yes


No




For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness


Yes


Yes




For our affiliates to market to you


Yes


Yes




For nonaffiliates to market to you


No


We don’t share




 
 




To limit our sharing


Call Toll-Free: 1-888-654-0063
			 
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.




Questions?



Call toll-free: 1-888-654-0063
Talk to a banker at a BMO Harris branch
Talk to your assigned account representative





 
 




What we do       




How does BMO Harris Bank N.A. protect my personal information?


To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.




How does BMO Harris Bank N.A. collect my personal information?


We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
 

open an account or deposit money
apply for a loan or use your credit or debit card
seek advice about your investments

 
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.




Why can't I limit all sharing?


Federal law gives you the right to limit only: 
			 

sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you


			State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.




What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?


Your choices will apply to everyone at the same address in our records.




 
 




Definitions




 
 




Affiliates


Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial or non-financial companies.
			 

Our affiliates include financial companies with a Bank of Montreal or BMO name; and financial companies such as BMO Harris Bank, N.A.





Nonaffiliates


Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
 

BMO Harris Bank N.A. does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.




Joint Marketing

A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
			 

Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies.





 
 




Other important information




For California Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of the BMO family of companies except with your authorization or as permitted by California law, such as to service your account. To authorize the sharing of this information, please call us toll-free at 1-877-225-3863. In addition, we will limit the sharing of information about you within the BMO family of companies to the extent required by California law. 

For Vermont Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of the BMO family of companies except with your authorization or as permitted by Vermont law, such as to service your account. We will not share within the BMO family of companies information about your creditworthiness without your authorization. To authorize this sharing please call us toll-free at 1-888-394-9178.

Nevada Residents: Notice provided pursuant to state law. To be placed on our internal Do Not Call List, call 1-888-394-9178. For more on this Nevada law, contact Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101. Phone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us
 














close  X


 
Privacy
 




FACTS


WHAT DOES BMO HARRIS FINANCIAL ADVISORS, INC. DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?




Why?


Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.




What?


The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:

Social Security Number and Assets
Account Balances and Employment Information
Account Transactions and Wire Transfer Instructions





How?


All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons BMO Harris Financial Advisors (BHFA) chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.




 
 




Reasons we can share your personal information


Does BMO Harris Financial
Advisors share?


Can you limit this sharing?




For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.


Yes


No




For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you


Yes


No




For joint marketing with other financial companies


No


We don’t share




For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences


Yes


No




For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness


Yes


Yes




For our affiliates to market to you


Yes


Yes




For nonaffiliates to market to you


No


We don’t share




 
 




To limit our sharing


Call Toll-Free: 1-888-394-9178

Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.




Questions?


Call Toll-Free: 1-888-394-9178




 
 




What we do       




How does BMO Wealth Management protect my personal information?


To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.




How does BMO Wealth Management collect my personal information?


We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
			 

open an account or seek financial advice about your investments
make deposits or withdrawals from your account
enter into an investment advisory contract
provide account information updates upon request from us


			We may also collect your personal information from affiliates and other companies.




Why can't I limit all sharing?


Federal law gives you the right to limit only: 
			 

sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you


			State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.




What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?


If you have a joint account, your choices will apply to everyone on your account – unless you tell us otherwise.




 
 




Definitions




 
 




Affiliates


Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial or non-financial companies.
			 

Our affiliates include financial companies with a Bank of Montreal or BMO name; and financial companies such as BMO Harris Bank, N.A.





Nonaffiliates


Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
			 

BMO Harris Financial Advisors, Inc. does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.




Joint Marketing

A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
			 

BMO Harris Financial Advisors, Inc. does not jointly market.





 
 




Other important information




For California Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of the BMO family of companies except with your authorization or as permitted by California law, such as to service your account. To authorize the sharing of this information, please call us toll-free at 1-877-225-3863. In addition, we will limit the sharing of information about you within the BMO family of companies to the extent required by California law. 

For Vermont Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of the BMO family of companies except with your authorization or as permitted by Vermont law, such as to service your account. We will not share within the BMO family of companies information about your creditworthiness without your authorization. To authorize this sharing please call us toll-free at 1-888-394-9178.

Nevada Residents: Notice provided pursuant to state law. To be placed on our internal Do Not Call List, call 1-888-394-9178. For more on this Nevada law, contact Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101. Phone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us














close  X


 
BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENT DISCLOSURES
 
For BMO Harris Bank N.A. clients whose relationship is subject to the BMO Harris Bank N.A. fee schedule dated no earlier than March, 2013
Download Disclosure (651KB - PDF)
 
For BMO Harris Bank N.A. clients whose relationship is subject to a BMO Harris Bank N.A. fee schedule dated earlier than March, 2013
Download Disclosure (578 KB - PDF)
 
For BMO Harris Bank N.A. customers clients with accounts originally established with Marshall & Ilsley Trust Company N.A. prior to August 18, 2012*
Download Disclosure (565 KB - PDF)
 
*Regardless of whether client signed a new BMO Harris account agreement for that account.
 







Top

























mutualsfundsguidance.com












IRA Account | TD Ameritrade


























































































			Open New Account


Log In


















Need Login Help?

Choose a start page




My Account Overview (Home)


Balances


Stock Quote


Order Status


Positions


Trade Stocks


Trade Options


Trade Mutual Funds


Trading Tools
































Share


Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn


Email










Home


Retirement

Retirement Offering


























Get in touch
Call, email 24/7 or visit a branch

Call us: 800-454-9272
Email us
100+ Branches Nationwide
 












Take 15 minutes and open an IRA


+ get up to $600**


See details


Open new account


































There are 1,440 minutes in a day. Use 15 to open an IRA.


Open New Account



Open an IRA in as little as 15 minutes* and get up to $600** when you fund your account. We make it easier with helpful guidance and a wide array of investment choices. And if you have questions, our retirement consultants are here to help.








Why a TD Ameritrade IRA?










Our team is yours

Our retirement consultants can help you bring your assets together and even talk to your old financial firm with you to help facilitate your transfer. Or get started with our Financial Consultants during a complimentary goal planning session, where we can help you set your goals.
Contact UsGoal Planning





Smart tools

Use the Retirement Calculator to learn how much you may need to invest to reach your goal or the IRA Selection Tool to help you determine your IRA eligibility and how much you may be able to contribute to a Roth or Traditional IRA.
Retirement CalculatorIRA Selection Tool





Potential IRA tax benefits

See the differences between Traditional and Roth IRAs. For example, while both offer tax-advantaged ways to invest for retirement, a Traditional IRA offers the potential for an upfront tax break, while a Roth IRA allows for tax-free withdrawals down the road.
Should You Choose a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Empowering  education 

Get the information you need to set and pursue your retirement goals. Browse our exclusive videos, try out our tools and trading platforms and listen to our webcasts to help you figure out a retirement strategy that makes sense for you.
Try the Educational Tools





All your assets  in one place 

When you consolidate your accounts into a TD Ameritrade IRA, you get more out of your investments. And with our straightforward and transparent pricing, there are no hidden fees, so you keep more of your money working harder for you.
 
A rollover is not your only alternative when dealing with old retirement plans. Learn more about your rollover alternatives.
Get Straightforward Pricing





Objective research 

Third-party research such as Market Movers by CFRA (formerly S&P Capital IQ) and On the Edge technical analysis from Market Edge®.
Explore Third-Party Research





Investment guidance

No two financial goals are the same. That is why we offer guidance that is tailored to your needs. Let's team up to help you find a retirement solution.
Learn More About Investment Guidance










A wide array of investment choices
We're here to help you build a financial future that fits your goals and that means having a wide array of investment choices available so you can:









Build it yourself
Access 100+ commission-free ETFs, no-transaction-fee mutual funds, bonds and CDs. And with proper approval, you can even trade options and futures right inside your IRA.




Build it with us
Professionally managed portfolios offered by our advisory affiliate, TD Ameritrade Investment Management, LLC designed to help you pursue your financial needs as they grow and change.












Take 15 minutes and open an IRA+ get up to $600 cash**See detailsOpen New Account



















Check the background of TD Ameritrade on FINRA's BrokerCheck











































About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























About WEB RESULTS


Best Oppenheimer Funds to Buy



mutualfunds.about.com
Best Oppenheimer Funds to Buy.
See the Best Mutual Funds from Oppenheimer.


Oppenheimer Funds is not a household name in the world of investing but it is one of the world\s leading mutual fund companies. With billions in assets under management
More »






Robert Oppenheimer - Manhattan Project



inventors.about.com
Robert Oppenheimer - Manhattan Project.


Robert Oppenheimer - Manhattan Project: 

Over the course of six years, from 1939 to 1945, more than $2 billion was spent during the history of the Manhattan Project. The formulas for refining uranium and putting
More »






Oppenheimer and Groves at the Trinity Test



chemistry.about.com
Trinity Explosion.
Oppenheimer at the Trinity Test.


This photo was taken after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which was quite a while after the Trinity test. It is one of the few public domain (US government) photos taken of Oppenheimer
More »






Profile of J. Robert Oppenheimer



video.about.com
 physicist, a strength that caught the government\s eye during WWII. In June of 1942, he was named the Director of the Manhattan Project, whose job it was to create the first atomic bomb. Oppenheimer helped to assemble the team of scientists that worked
More »








RELATED SEARCHES



Oppenheimer Funds Rating






Oppenheimer Mutual Funds






Oppenheimer Funds Activity






Oppenheimer Global Fund






Oppenheimer Co






                        Biography of Robert Oppenheimer






                        Life of Robert Oppenheimer






                        Famous Scientist Robert J Oppenheimer






                        Dr Robert Oppenheimer






                        Best Mutual Funds






MORE About WEB RESULTS


J Robert Oppenheimer Biography of Manhattan Project Director



history1900s.about.com
J. Robert Oppenheimer.
The Director of the Manhattan Project.


Who Was J. Robert Oppenheimer?


J. Robert Oppenheimer, a physicist, was the director of the Manhattan Project , the U.S.\s attempt during World War II to create an atomic bomb. Oppenheimer
More »






Peter Oppenheimer, Apple's CFO, Will Retire at the End of September.




macs.about.com
Peter Oppenheimer, Apple\s CFO, Will Retire at the End of September.


Apple today announced that Peter Oppenheimer will retire at the end of September, 2014. Peter has been with Apple since 1996, when he took the position of Controller for Americas
More »






Candlemaker's Companion by Betty Oppenheimer - Candle Making Book Review



candleandsoap.about.com
Candlemaker\s Companion Review.


The Bottom Line. 

If you\re looking for a serious candlemaking reference book, this is an outstanding choice. Oppenheimer\s book covers: 

the practical: basic "how-to" instructions for most every type of candle
More »










1


                        2




                        3




                        4




                        5




                        6




                        7




                        8




                        9




                        10




                        Next »










RELATED SEARCHES



Oppenheimer Funds Rating






Oppenheimer Mutual Funds






Oppenheimer Funds Activity






Oppenheimer Global Fund






Oppenheimer Co



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































