


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.36%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:37:54 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )








 
























Mutual Funds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 












































Closex
 



















































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.89					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/26/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Quarterly Statistical Update for the American Funds 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.









































































































































Investments | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 












































































 
























Products | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 












































Closex
 


















 
























The Capital Advantage | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.










































Closex
 





















Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity
















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 



Equity Income Fund (OAEIX) | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×




















OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Individual Investor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




















Domestic Equity



Equity Income Fund


1


2





The Strategy typically invests primarily in dividend-paying large company U.S. stocks.





Print

How to Buy





How to Buy







CLASS A: OAEIX                CUSIP: 68381A103


CLASS B: OBEIX                CUSIP: 68381A202


CLASS C: OCEIX                CUSIP: 68381A301


CLASS I: OEIIX                CUSIP: 68381A608


CLASS R: ONEIX                CUSIP: 68381A400


CLASS Y: OYEIX                CUSIP: 68381A509










How to Buy This Fund

×











Discuss with your advisor







Equity Income Fund
OAEIX
The Strategy typically invests primarily in dividend-paying large company U.S. stocks.



Email your advisor now










Interested in transacting online?
Open an account with OppenheimerFunds







Already a customer?
Purchase funds into your account










©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7048.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Breakpoints



Go to literature center







How to Buy











Share This Fund With Your Advisor









Open an Account With Oppenheimerfunds









Purchase Funds Into Existing Account



















Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 2/13/87

2211%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



Domestic Equity



Equity Income Fund


1


2






 A 

Share Class






Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

19.52%
3.15%
11.51%
6.46%
10.89%



With Sales Charge

12.64%
1.13%
10.20%
5.83%
10.67%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
1.05%
Net Expense Ratio:

3


 
1.05%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




15Y




20Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


4



























Equity Income Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00























Income Dividend History



B













No income dividends were paid during this time.












Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/26/17







































































































 
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



C









Equity Income Fund
–
34.72
51.05
-6.77
38.77
24.88
7.31
-2.86
33.85
18.25
14.84
20.15
5.83
14.97
-1.20
-14.71
28.63
16.68
9.25
13.56
2.55
-35.56
42.22
20.86
-6.43
19.15
31.63
10.05
-9.83
14.67

6.28




Russell 1000 Value


4






23.16


25.19


-8.08


24.55


13.58


18.07


-1.98


38.36


21.64


35.18


15.63


7.35


7.01


-5.59


-15.52


30.03


16.49


7.05


22.25


-0.17


-36.85


19.69


15.51


0.39


17.51


32.53


13.45


-3.83


17.34

—















Capital Gains Distributions
($ per share)







Data as of 7/27/17

























 

2012


2013


2014


2015


2016





Short Term
0.0709
0.5080
0.7101
0.4129
—


Long Term
0.204
0.5971
1.041
1.0579
—


Total Amount of Distribution
0.275
1.1051
1.751
1.4708
—


Record Date
12/4/12
12/9/13
12/8/14
12/7/15
—


Ex Div Date
12/5/12
12/10/13
12/9/14
12/8/15
—


Pay Date
12/6/12
12/11/13
12/9/14
12/8/15
—





There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.








The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
19.52%


3 Year
3.15%


5 Year
11.51%


10 Year
6.46%


Since Inception
10.89%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
12.64%


3 Year
1.13%


5 Year
10.20%


10 Year
5.83%


Since Inception
10.67%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
19.52%


3 Year
3.15%


5 Year
11.51%


10 Year
6.46%


Since Inception
10.89%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
12.64%


3 Year
1.13%


5 Year
10.20%


10 Year
5.83%


Since Inception
10.67%







Gross Expense Ratio





1.05%





NAV



D







as of 7/26/17


$31.20












Yields


5








monthly as of 6/30/17










Standardized SEC Yield


2.37%









The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Holdings


6


7



05/31/17










Citigroup, Inc.

5.1%








Chevron Corp.

2.8%








JPMorgan Chase & Co.

2.6%








Pfizer, Inc.

2.5%








Wells Fargo & Co.

2.4%








Royal Dutch Shell plc, Sponso...

2.3%








AT&T, Inc.

2.2%








Colony NorthStar, Inc.

2.2%








Apple, Inc.

2.1%








Allergan plc, 5.50%Cv. A

2.1%










American International Group

1.8%








Abbott Laboratories

1.8%








KKR & Co. LP

1.8%








Morgan Stanley

1.8%








Exxon Mobil Corp.

1.7%








Merck & Co. Inc.

1.7%








BP plc, Sponsored ADR

1.6%








Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.

1.5%








CalAtlantic Group, Inc.

1.5%








Cisco Systems, Inc.

1.5%











×









5.1%


Citigroup, Inc.



Provides banking services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.8%


Chevron Corp.



Explores and refines oil and natural gas
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.6%


JPMorgan Chase & Co.



Provides investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management and private equity
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.5%


Pfizer, Inc.



Manufactures vaccines and injectable biologic medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.4%


Wells Fargo & Co.



Operates as a diversified, community-based financial services and bank holding company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.3%


Royal Dutch Shell plc, Sponsored ADR, Cl. A



Provides oil refining and distribution services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


AT&T, Inc.



Provides DSL internet, local and long-distance voice and data services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


Colony NorthStar, Inc.



Invests in real estate
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Real Estate




INDUSTRY


Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









2.1%


Apple, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication, media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.1%


Allergan plc, 5.50%Cv. A



Manufactures pharmaceutical products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


American International Group



Operates as a global insurance company, which provides property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Insurance




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Abbott Laboratories



Engages in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of health care products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Health Care Equipment & Supplies




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


KKR & Co. LP



Provides investment management services to investors
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.8%


Morgan Stanley



Provides diversified financial services including brokerage, investment management and venture capital services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Exxon Mobil Corp.



Explores, develops and distributes crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Merck & Co. Inc.



Discovers, develops and markets human and animal health products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


BP plc, Sponsored ADR



Explores, produces, refines and distributes petroleum, natural gas and related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.



Provides investment banking, securities and asset management services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


CalAtlantic Group, Inc.



Provides home building services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Household Durables




MARKET CAP


Small











×









1.5%


Cisco Systems, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and sells Internet protocol based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology industry
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Communications Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 05/31/17







Reset








Country 7



Region 7



Sector 7



Industry 7



Asset Allocation 7



Market Cap 8












94.0%United States








3.9%United Kingdom








1.1%Israel


No Holding  in  Israel










94.0%Americas


No Holding  in  Americas






3.9%Europe


No Holding  in  Europe






1.1%Middle East


No Holding  in  Middle East










26.1%Financials








14.5%Health Care








11.6%Energy








11.3%Information Technology








8.0%Consumer Discretionary








7.1%Consumer Staples


No Holding  in  Consumer Staples






5.6%Real Estate








5.4%Industrials


No Holding  in  Industrials






4.0%Telecommunication Services








3.3%Utilities


No Holding  in  Utilities






2.2%Materials


No Holding  in  Materials










11.5%Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels








11.4%Banks








8.8%Pharmaceuticals








5.1%Capital Markets








4.8%Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)








4.3%Insurance








4.0%Diversified Telecommunication Services








3.1%Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals








3.1%Health Care Equipment & Supplies








2.7%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment


No Holding  in  Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment






2.6%Biotechnology


No Holding  in  Biotechnology






2.5%Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


No Holding  in  Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Holding  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%Food Products


No Holding  in  Food Products






2.4%Electric Utilities


No Holding  in  Electric Utilities






2.2%Thrifts & Mortgage Finance


No Holding  in  Thrifts & Mortgage Finance






2.1%Software


No Holding  in  Software






2.0%Household Durables








1.5%Media


No Holding  in  Media






1.5%Communications Equipment












98.7%








0.4%


No Holding  in  Fixed Income










73.2%Large








13.7%Mid








11.6%Small






















Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
-4.62%


Beta
1.11



R-Squared



90.78



Sharpe Ratio



0.29



Standard Deviation



12.23%



Sortino Ratio




0.13



Information Ratio




-1.09







Equity Style















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$3.9 BN

















Portfolio Statistics










as of 6/30/17








Avg Market Cap (weighted)
127.9 BN


Median Market Cap (weighted)
83.8 BN


P/E (next 12 months)
13.22


P/E Operating (LTM)
17.28


Price/Book Value (LTM)
1.71



Turnover Ratio



41.00%





Investment Minimums





Initial



$1,000





Dividends

($ per share)




B









Est Frequency
Quarterly


Last Pay Date
6/22/17


Per Share ($)
0.1804


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.7023






Distribution Sources










Net Income
92.40%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
7.60%











Top Holdings


6


7



05/31/17











Citigroup, Inc....

5.1%








Chevron Corp.

2.8%








JPMorgan Chase ...

2.6%








Pfizer, Inc.

2.5%








Wells Fargo & C...

2.4%








Royal Dutch She...

2.3%








AT&T, Inc.

2.2%








Colony NorthSta...

2.2%








Apple, Inc.

2.1%








Allergan plc, 5...

2.1%









Next







American Intern...

1.8%








Abbott Laborato...

1.8%








KKR & Co. LP

1.8%








Morgan Stanley

1.8%








Exxon Mobil Cor...

1.7%








Merck & Co. Inc...

1.7%








BP plc, Sponsor...

1.6%








Goldman Sachs G...

1.5%








CalAtlantic Gro...

1.5%








Cisco Systems, ...

1.5%









Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
Region
Sector
Industry
Asset Allocation
Market Cap








94.0%United States








3.9%United Kingdom








1.1%Israel


No Holding  in  Israel










94.0%Americas


No Holding  in  Americas






3.9%Europe


No Holding  in  Europe






1.1%Middle East


No Holding  in  Middle East










26.1%Financials








14.5%Health Care








11.6%Energy








11.3%Information Technology








8.0%Consumer Discretionary








7.1%Consumer Staples


No Holding  in  Consumer Staples






5.6%Real Estate








5.4%Industrials


No Holding  in  Industrials






4.0%Telecommunication Services








3.3%Utilities


No Holding  in  Utilities






2.2%Materials


No Holding  in  Materials










11.5%Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels








11.4%Banks








8.8%Pharmaceuticals








5.1%Capital Markets








4.8%Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)








4.3%Insurance








4.0%Diversified Telecommunication Services








3.1%Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals








3.1%Health Care Equipment & Supplies








2.7%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment


No Holding  in  Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment






2.6%Biotechnology


No Holding  in  Biotechnology






2.5%Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


No Holding  in  Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Holding  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%Food Products


No Holding  in  Food Products






2.4%Electric Utilities


No Holding  in  Electric Utilities






2.2%Thrifts & Mortgage Finance


No Holding  in  Thrifts & Mortgage Finance






2.1%Software


No Holding  in  Software






2.0%Household Durables








1.5%Media


No Holding  in  Media






1.5%Communications Equipment












98.7%








0.4%


No Holding  in  Fixed Income










73.2%Large








13.7%Mid








11.6%Small
















×









5.1%


Citigroup, Inc.



Provides banking services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.8%


Chevron Corp.



Explores and refines oil and natural gas
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.6%


JPMorgan Chase & Co.



Provides investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management and private equity
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.5%


Pfizer, Inc.



Manufactures vaccines and injectable biologic medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.4%


Wells Fargo & Co.



Operates as a diversified, community-based financial services and bank holding company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.3%


Royal Dutch Shell plc, Sponsored ADR, Cl. A



Provides oil refining and distribution services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


AT&T, Inc.



Provides DSL internet, local and long-distance voice and data services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


Colony NorthStar, Inc.



Invests in real estate
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Real Estate




INDUSTRY


Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









2.1%


Apple, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication, media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.1%


Allergan plc, 5.50%Cv. A



Manufactures pharmaceutical products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


American International Group



Operates as a global insurance company, which provides property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Insurance




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Abbott Laboratories



Engages in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of health care products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Health Care Equipment & Supplies




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


KKR & Co. LP



Provides investment management services to investors
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.8%


Morgan Stanley



Provides diversified financial services including brokerage, investment management and venture capital services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Exxon Mobil Corp.



Explores, develops and distributes crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Merck & Co. Inc.



Discovers, develops and markets human and animal health products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


BP plc, Sponsored ADR



Explores, produces, refines and distributes petroleum, natural gas and related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.



Provides investment banking, securities and asset management services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


CalAtlantic Group, Inc.



Provides home building services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Household Durables




MARKET CAP


Small











×









1.5%


Cisco Systems, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and sells Internet protocol based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology industry
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Communications Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large





















Management















Michael Levine, CFA





Managed Fund since
7/07










Investment Approach

The portfolio manager focuses on identifying companies with an above average yield that are mispriced based on valuation and the long-term fundamental outlook.  In addition to common equities, the manager may also invest in convertible securities should they present an attractive yield and risk profile.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Value Equity Team Risk Management
At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations.  We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio. 
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm's Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Value investing involves the risk that undervalued securities may not appreciate as anticipated.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents










Fact Sheet







Fund Commentary







SAI







Annual Report







Semi-Annual Report







Prospectus







Summary Prospectus







Sales Charge & Breakpoints



Go to literature center









Insights













Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.











Loading...



×











1. 
On 8/1/07, the Fund's investment objective changed from "seeks capital appreciation" to "seeks total return." Performance prior to 8/1/07 is not indicative of performance for any subsequent periods.


2. 
Special Risks:  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall.  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Value investing involves the risk that undervalued securities may not appreciate as anticipated.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock. It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




3. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


4. 
Access index definitions.


5. 
Standardized yield for each share class is based on an SEC standardized formula designed to approximate a Fund's annualized hypothetical current income from securities less expenses for the 30-day period ending and including the most recent month-end or quarter-end and either that date's maximum offering price (Class A shares) or net asset value (for other share classes).  The month-end figure is typically calculated on the fifth business day of the next month. The result is compounded semiannually and annualized.  Falling share prices artificially increase yields.


6. 
Top Holdings represent stock holdings only and do not include cash and cash equivalents or fixed income holdings.


7. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


8. 
Holdings are subject to change, are dollar-weighted based on assets, and may not reflect the use of leverage in the Fund. Market Cap breakdown is calculated using Morningstar's methodology and those capitalization standards may not align with those in the Fund’s prospectus.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩


C. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


D. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )












OAEIX Oppenheimer Equity Income A Fund OAEIX Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page













































Equity Income Fund (OAEIX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




















Domestic Equity



Equity Income Fund


1


2





The Strategy typically invests primarily in dividend-paying large company U.S. stocks.





Print

Buy





Buy







CLASS A: OAEIX                CUSIP: 68381A103


CLASS B: OBEIX                CUSIP: 68381A202


CLASS C: OCEIX                CUSIP: 68381A301


CLASS I: OEIIX                CUSIP: 68381A608


CLASS R: ONEIX                CUSIP: 68381A400


CLASS Y: OYEIX                CUSIP: 68381A509










Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
Pensionmark Securities LLC
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Go to literature center







Morningstar Tools







Compare Funds



Hypothetical Tool







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 2/13/87

2211%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



Domestic Equity



Equity Income Fund


1


2






 A 

Share Class






Morningstar Compare
Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

19.52%
3.15%
11.51%
6.46%
10.89%



With Sales Charge

12.64%
1.13%
10.20%
5.83%
10.67%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
1.05%
Net Expense Ratio:

3


 
1.05%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




15Y




20Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


4



























Equity Income Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00























Income Dividend History



B













No income dividends were paid during this time.












Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/26/17







































































































 
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



C









Equity Income Fund
–
34.72
51.05
-6.77
38.77
24.88
7.31
-2.86
33.85
18.25
14.84
20.15
5.83
14.97
-1.20
-14.71
28.63
16.68
9.25
13.56
2.55
-35.56
42.22
20.86
-6.43
19.15
31.63
10.05
-9.83
14.67

6.28




Russell 1000 Value


4






23.16


25.19


-8.08


24.55


13.58


18.07


-1.98


38.36


21.64


35.18


15.63


7.35


7.01


-5.59


-15.52


30.03


16.49


7.05


22.25


-0.17


-36.85


19.69


15.51


0.39


17.51


32.53


13.45


-3.83


17.34

—















Capital Gains Distributions
($ per share)







Data as of 7/27/17

























 

2012


2013


2014


2015


2016





Short Term
0.0709
0.5080
0.7101
0.4129
—


Long Term
0.204
0.5971
1.041
1.0579
—


Total Amount of Distribution
0.275
1.1051
1.751
1.4708
—


Record Date
12/4/12
12/9/13
12/8/14
12/7/15
—


Ex Div Date
12/5/12
12/10/13
12/9/14
12/8/15
—


Pay Date
12/6/12
12/11/13
12/9/14
12/8/15
—





There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.








The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
19.52%


3 Year
3.15%


5 Year
11.51%


10 Year
6.46%


Since Inception
10.89%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
12.64%


3 Year
1.13%


5 Year
10.20%


10 Year
5.83%


Since Inception
10.67%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
19.52%


3 Year
3.15%


5 Year
11.51%


10 Year
6.46%


Since Inception
10.89%





YTD (as of 7/26/17)



C





6.28%


1 Year
12.64%


3 Year
1.13%


5 Year
10.20%


10 Year
5.83%


Since Inception
10.67%







Gross Expense Ratio





1.05%





NAV



D







as of 7/26/17


$31.20












Yields


5








monthly as of 6/30/17










Standardized SEC Yield


2.37%









The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Holdings


6


7



05/31/17










Citigroup, Inc.

5.1%








Chevron Corp.

2.8%








JPMorgan Chase & Co.

2.6%








Pfizer, Inc.

2.5%








Wells Fargo & Co.

2.4%








Royal Dutch Shell plc, Sponso...

2.3%








AT&T, Inc.

2.2%








Colony NorthStar, Inc.

2.2%








Apple, Inc.

2.1%








Allergan plc, 5.50%Cv. A

2.1%










American International Group

1.8%








Abbott Laboratories

1.8%








KKR & Co. LP

1.8%








Morgan Stanley

1.8%








Exxon Mobil Corp.

1.7%








Merck & Co. Inc.

1.7%








BP plc, Sponsored ADR

1.6%








Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.

1.5%








CalAtlantic Group, Inc.

1.5%








Cisco Systems, Inc.

1.5%











×









5.1%


Citigroup, Inc.



Provides banking services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.8%


Chevron Corp.



Explores and refines oil and natural gas
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.6%


JPMorgan Chase & Co.



Provides investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management and private equity
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.5%


Pfizer, Inc.



Manufactures vaccines and injectable biologic medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.4%


Wells Fargo & Co.



Operates as a diversified, community-based financial services and bank holding company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.3%


Royal Dutch Shell plc, Sponsored ADR, Cl. A



Provides oil refining and distribution services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


AT&T, Inc.



Provides DSL internet, local and long-distance voice and data services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


Colony NorthStar, Inc.



Invests in real estate
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Real Estate




INDUSTRY


Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









2.1%


Apple, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication, media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.1%


Allergan plc, 5.50%Cv. A



Manufactures pharmaceutical products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


American International Group



Operates as a global insurance company, which provides property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Insurance




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Abbott Laboratories



Engages in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of health care products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Health Care Equipment & Supplies




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


KKR & Co. LP



Provides investment management services to investors
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.8%


Morgan Stanley



Provides diversified financial services including brokerage, investment management and venture capital services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Exxon Mobil Corp.



Explores, develops and distributes crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Merck & Co. Inc.



Discovers, develops and markets human and animal health products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


BP plc, Sponsored ADR



Explores, produces, refines and distributes petroleum, natural gas and related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.



Provides investment banking, securities and asset management services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


CalAtlantic Group, Inc.



Provides home building services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Household Durables




MARKET CAP


Small











×









1.5%


Cisco Systems, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and sells Internet protocol based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology industry
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Communications Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 05/31/17







Reset








Country 7



Region 7



Sector 7



Industry 7



Asset Allocation 7



Market Cap 8












94.0%United States








3.9%United Kingdom








1.1%Israel


No Holding  in  Israel










94.0%Americas


No Holding  in  Americas






3.9%Europe


No Holding  in  Europe






1.1%Middle East


No Holding  in  Middle East










26.1%Financials








14.5%Health Care








11.6%Energy








11.3%Information Technology








8.0%Consumer Discretionary








7.1%Consumer Staples


No Holding  in  Consumer Staples






5.6%Real Estate








5.4%Industrials


No Holding  in  Industrials






4.0%Telecommunication Services








3.3%Utilities


No Holding  in  Utilities






2.2%Materials


No Holding  in  Materials










11.5%Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels








11.4%Banks








8.8%Pharmaceuticals








5.1%Capital Markets








4.8%Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)








4.3%Insurance








4.0%Diversified Telecommunication Services








3.1%Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals








3.1%Health Care Equipment & Supplies








2.7%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment


No Holding  in  Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment






2.6%Biotechnology


No Holding  in  Biotechnology






2.5%Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


No Holding  in  Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Holding  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%Food Products


No Holding  in  Food Products






2.4%Electric Utilities


No Holding  in  Electric Utilities






2.2%Thrifts & Mortgage Finance


No Holding  in  Thrifts & Mortgage Finance






2.1%Software


No Holding  in  Software






2.0%Household Durables








1.5%Media


No Holding  in  Media






1.5%Communications Equipment












98.7%








0.4%


No Holding  in  Fixed Income










73.2%Large








13.7%Mid








11.6%Small






















Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
-4.62%


Beta
1.11



R-Squared



90.78



Sharpe Ratio



0.29



Standard Deviation



12.23%



Sortino Ratio




0.13



Information Ratio




-1.09







Equity Style















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$3.9 BN

















Portfolio Statistics










as of 6/30/17








Avg Market Cap (weighted)
127.9 BN


Median Market Cap (weighted)
83.8 BN


P/E (next 12 months)
13.22


P/E Operating (LTM)
17.28


Price/Book Value (LTM)
1.71



Turnover Ratio



41.00%





Investment Minimums





Initial



$1,000





Dividends

($ per share)




B









Est Frequency
Quarterly


Last Pay Date
6/22/17


Per Share ($)
0.1804


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.7023






Distribution Sources










Net Income
92.40%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
7.60%











Top Holdings


6


7



05/31/17











Citigroup, Inc....

5.1%








Chevron Corp.

2.8%








JPMorgan Chase ...

2.6%








Pfizer, Inc.

2.5%








Wells Fargo & C...

2.4%








Royal Dutch She...

2.3%








AT&T, Inc.

2.2%








Colony NorthSta...

2.2%








Apple, Inc.

2.1%








Allergan plc, 5...

2.1%









Next







American Intern...

1.8%








Abbott Laborato...

1.8%








KKR & Co. LP

1.8%








Morgan Stanley

1.8%








Exxon Mobil Cor...

1.7%








Merck & Co. Inc...

1.7%








BP plc, Sponsor...

1.6%








Goldman Sachs G...

1.5%








CalAtlantic Gro...

1.5%








Cisco Systems, ...

1.5%









Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
Region
Sector
Industry
Asset Allocation
Market Cap








94.0%United States








3.9%United Kingdom








1.1%Israel


No Holding  in  Israel










94.0%Americas


No Holding  in  Americas






3.9%Europe


No Holding  in  Europe






1.1%Middle East


No Holding  in  Middle East










26.1%Financials








14.5%Health Care








11.6%Energy








11.3%Information Technology








8.0%Consumer Discretionary








7.1%Consumer Staples


No Holding  in  Consumer Staples






5.6%Real Estate








5.4%Industrials


No Holding  in  Industrials






4.0%Telecommunication Services








3.3%Utilities


No Holding  in  Utilities






2.2%Materials


No Holding  in  Materials










11.5%Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels








11.4%Banks








8.8%Pharmaceuticals








5.1%Capital Markets








4.8%Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)








4.3%Insurance








4.0%Diversified Telecommunication Services








3.1%Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals








3.1%Health Care Equipment & Supplies








2.7%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment


No Holding  in  Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment






2.6%Biotechnology


No Holding  in  Biotechnology






2.5%Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


No Holding  in  Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Holding  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%Food Products


No Holding  in  Food Products






2.4%Electric Utilities


No Holding  in  Electric Utilities






2.2%Thrifts & Mortgage Finance


No Holding  in  Thrifts & Mortgage Finance






2.1%Software


No Holding  in  Software






2.0%Household Durables








1.5%Media


No Holding  in  Media






1.5%Communications Equipment












98.7%








0.4%


No Holding  in  Fixed Income










73.2%Large








13.7%Mid








11.6%Small
















×









5.1%


Citigroup, Inc.



Provides banking services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.8%


Chevron Corp.



Explores and refines oil and natural gas
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.6%


JPMorgan Chase & Co.



Provides investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management and private equity
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.5%


Pfizer, Inc.



Manufactures vaccines and injectable biologic medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.4%


Wells Fargo & Co.



Operates as a diversified, community-based financial services and bank holding company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Banks




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.3%


Royal Dutch Shell plc, Sponsored ADR, Cl. A



Provides oil refining and distribution services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


AT&T, Inc.



Provides DSL internet, local and long-distance voice and data services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.2%


Colony NorthStar, Inc.



Invests in real estate
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Real Estate




INDUSTRY


Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









2.1%


Apple, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication, media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









2.1%


Allergan plc, 5.50%Cv. A



Manufactures pharmaceutical products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


American International Group



Operates as a global insurance company, which provides property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Insurance




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Abbott Laboratories



Engages in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of health care products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Health Care Equipment & Supplies




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


KKR & Co. LP



Provides investment management services to investors
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.8%


Morgan Stanley



Provides diversified financial services including brokerage, investment management and venture capital services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Exxon Mobil Corp.



Explores, develops and distributes crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.7%


Merck & Co. Inc.



Discovers, develops and markets human and animal health products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Pharmaceuticals




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


BP plc, Sponsored ADR



Explores, produces, refines and distributes petroleum, natural gas and related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United Kingdom




EQUITY SECTOR


Energy




INDUSTRY


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.



Provides investment banking, securities and asset management services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Financials




INDUSTRY


Capital Markets




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


CalAtlantic Group, Inc.



Provides home building services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Household Durables




MARKET CAP


Small











×









1.5%


Cisco Systems, Inc.



Designs, manufactures, and sells Internet protocol based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology industry
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Communications Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large





















Management















Michael Levine, CFA





Managed Fund since
7/07










Investment Approach

The portfolio manager focuses on identifying companies with an above average yield that are mispriced based on valuation and the long-term fundamental outlook.  In addition to common equities, the manager may also invest in convertible securities should they present an attractive yield and risk profile.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Value Equity Team Risk Management
At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations.  We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio. 
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm's Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Value investing involves the risk that undervalued securities may not appreciate as anticipated.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Fact Sheet













Fund Commentary













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Sales Charge & Commission Guide









Go to literature center









Insights













Sales Ideas
Compelling Wealth Management Conversations





Ideas to help financial advisors guide client investment decisions and keep them on track.












Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.











Loading...



×











1. 
On 8/1/07, the Fund's investment objective changed from "seeks capital appreciation" to "seeks total return." Performance prior to 8/1/07 is not indicative of performance for any subsequent periods.


2. 
Special Risks:  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall.  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Value investing involves the risk that undervalued securities may not appreciate as anticipated.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock. It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




3. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


4. 
Access index definitions.


5. 
Standardized yield for each share class is based on an SEC standardized formula designed to approximate a Fund's annualized hypothetical current income from securities less expenses for the 30-day period ending and including the most recent month-end or quarter-end and either that date's maximum offering price (Class A shares) or net asset value (for other share classes).  The month-end figure is typically calculated on the fifth business day of the next month. The result is compounded semiannually and annualized.  Falling share prices artificially increase yields.


6. 
Top Holdings represent stock holdings only and do not include cash and cash equivalents or fixed income holdings.


7. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


8. 
Holdings are subject to change, are dollar-weighted based on assets, and may not reflect the use of leverage in the Fund. Market Cap breakdown is calculated using Morningstar's methodology and those capitalization standards may not align with those in the Fund’s prospectus.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions, and a 5.75% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩


C. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


D. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )








 








OAEIX View All - Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A | Fidelity Investments
























Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A


Symbol: OAEIX



									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1















InformationThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through FidelityThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through Fidelity





































Summary







 


Overall Rating

3 out of 5 Stars

Morningstar has awarded this fund 3 stars based on its risk-adjusted performance compared to the 1091 funds within its Morningstar Category.



How is it determined?


The Overall Morningstar RatingTM for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics, which are based on risk-adjusted returns, as of the date stated.





3 Yrs





                         Out of
1,091
 funds
                     	




5 Yrs





                         Out of
936
 funds
                       




10 Yrs





                         Out of
681
 funds
                       




What does it mean?


A fund's Morningstar Rating is a quantitative assessment of a fund's past performance that accounts for both risk and return, with funds earning between 1 and 5 stars. As always, this rating system is designed to be used as a first step in the fund evaluation process. A high rating alone is not sufficient basis upon which to make an investment decision.











 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Low


This fund scores Low because it delivered returns that were in the bottom 10% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Expenses


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund's expenses are rated as Average because they fall between the 40th and 60th percentiles when compared with other funds in the category.





How is it calculated?


This Morningstar data point compares the fund's net expense ratio to the net expense ratio of all the other funds within its Morningstar Category grouping.





What does it mean?


Excessive expenses can detract from overall returns and can be a drain on performance. While you should not base any investment decision entirely on expenses or expense ratios, a fund's expense structure may be one factor to consider.











 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








  
           
           		Morningstar® Snapshot*
           		
           		
           		
           		
           	
           	

		          
		          	
		          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Value




Overall Rating



Returns


LOWAVGHIGH




Expenses


LOWAVGHIGH




Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER







*Data provided by Morningstar





Performance 2





	         
	         	 AS OF 6/30/2017
	         
        

















Average Annual Returns



YTD (Daily)*
						
													
				

										
										1 Yr
				

										
										3 Yrs
				

										
										5 Yrs
				

						
						10 Yrs
				    



YTD (Daily)*
				  		+6.28%
				  	

1 Yr
				  		+19.52%
				  	

3 Yrs
				  		+3.15%
				  	

5 Yrs
				  		+11.51%
				  	

10 Yrs
				  		+6.46%
				  	





  			*AS OF 7/26/2017; Value is cumulative
  		







Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Value








Shows growth of hypothetical $10,000 investment in Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A compared to Russell 1000 Value,Large Value over the selected time period



YTD

1Y
3Y
5Y
10Y








Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A







Russell 1000 Value






Large Value






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.








Fund Manager(s)







Michael S. Levine since 7/16/2007










 

Manager: Michael S. Levine

Manager Tenure: since 7/16/2007



Funds Currently Managed



Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class I (since 7/16/2007)


Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class Y (since 7/16/2007)


Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class R (since 7/16/2007)


Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class B (since 7/16/2007)


Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A (since 7/16/2007)


Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class C (since 7/16/2007)



Funds Previously Managed



Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Equity Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Capital Income Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Value Fund Class C


Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund Class R


Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund Class I


Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Dividend Opportunity Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Equity Fund Class B


Oppenheimer Main Street Fund Class I


Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund Class B


MassMutual Premier Value A


Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund Class I


Oppenheimer Equity Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Value Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Capital Income Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Value Fund Class R


Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund Class C


Oppenheimer Capital Income Fund Class B


Oppenheimer Main Street Fund Class B


Oppenheimer Dividend Opportunity Fund Class C


Oppenheimer Equity Fund Class R


Oppenheimer Main Street Fund Class R


Oppenheimer Value Fund Class I


Oppenheimer Value Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund Class C


Oppenheimer Capital Income Fund Class I


Oppenheimer Dividend Opportunity Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund Class R


Oppenheimer Dividend Opportunity Fund Class R


Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund Class B


Oppenheimer Dividend Opportunity Fund Class B


MassMutual Premier Value Fund Class R5


MassMutual Premier Value Fund Class R3


MassMutual Premier Value Fund Class I


MassMutual Premier Value Fund Class R4


Oppenheimer Mid Cap Value Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Main Street Fund Class Y


Oppenheimer Main Street Fund Class C


Oppenheimer Equity Fund Class C


Oppenheimer Capital Income Fund Class C


MassMutual Premier Value Adm


Oppenheimer Capital Income Fund Class R


MassMutual Premier Value Fund Service Class


Oppenheimer Main Street Fund Class A


Oppenheimer Value Fund Class B



Education



BS, University of Pennsylvania





















Fund Overview




Objective



The investment seeks total return.




Strategy



The fund mainly invests in common stocks of U.S. companies that the portfolio manager believes are undervalued. It will invest at least 80% of its net assets, plus borrowings for investment purposes, in equity securities. The fund may invest in equity securities issued by companies of different capitalization ranges, but will typically focus on larger capitalization stocks. The portfolio manager does not intend to invest more than 25% of its net assets in securities of issuers in any single foreign country or more than 5% of its net assets in companies or government issuers in emerging market countries.


Risk



Value stocks can perform differently than other types of stocks and can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. These risks may be magnified in foreign markets. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.




Additional Disclosures

This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the mutual fund. Read the fund's prospectus for more detailed information about the fund.









Details


















		
				
				Morningstar Category
		
		
		











	
	
		Large Value
	



		
		



		
				
				Fund Inception
		
		
		











	
	
		2/13/1987
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV
7/26/2017













	
		
			
				$31.20			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)
12/29/2016













	
	
		1.05%
	



		
			($10.50 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)
12/29/2016













	
	
		1.05%
	



		
			($10.50 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Load




Load waived at Fidelity











	
	
		5.75%
	



		
		



		
				
					Minimum to Invest 5














	
		
			
			
				$2,500.00
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Turnover Rate
10/31/2016













	
	
		41%
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$3,909.61
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$2,649.75
			
						
	
	



		
		



			
							
							12 Month Low-High
						
						6/30/2017











	
		
			
				$25.92			
			
			
						
	
	


 - 







	
		
			
				$31.26			
			
			
						
	
	















Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 6



		2.37%
		
		

6/30/2017






















Top 10 Holdings 7





            AS OF 5/31/2017
       










Top 10 Holdings












Citigroup Inc


						
						
							5.10%
						
						
					    	
						



Chevron Corp


						
						
							2.85%
						
						
					    	
						



JPMorgan Chase & Co


						
						
							2.65%
						
						
					    	
						



Pfizer Inc


						
						
							2.53%
						
						
					    	
						



Wells Fargo & Co


						
						
							2.43%
						
						
					    	
						



Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Class A


						
						
							2.26%
						
						
					    	
						



AT&T Inc


						
						
							2.19%
						
						
					    	
						



Colony NorthStar Inc A


						
						
							2.18%
						
						
					    	
						



Apple Inc


						
						
							2.14%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Allergan Plc 5.5% Conv /Pfd/
   	

            		    

						
						
							2.06%
						
						
					    	
						




							
								
								
									% of Total Portfolio
								
							
            			
            				


            				26.39%




holdings 152 as of 5/31/2017











Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 2/13/1987
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             1.05% AS OF 12/29/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A

						
							19.52%
							
						
					

						
							3.15%
							
						
					

						
							11.51%
							
						
					

						
							6.46%
							
						
					

						
							11.11%
							
						
					



						Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							12.64%
							
						
					

						
							1.13%
							
						
					

						
							10.20%
							
						
					

						
							5.83%
							
						
					

						
							10.90%
							
						
					





Russell 1000 Value



						
							
							15.53%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.36%
							
						
					

						
							
							13.94%
							
						
					

						
							
							5.57%
							
						
					

						
							
							9.98%
							
						
					




Large Value

						
							16.49%
							
						
					

						
							6.40%
							
						
					

						
							12.64%
							
						
					

						
							5.18%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							11.49%
							
						
					

						
							-1.05%
							
						
					

						
							7.96%
							
						
					

						
							4.00%
							
						
					

						
							8.87%
							
						
					


Large Value

						
							13.92%
							
						
					

						
							4.35%
							
						
					

						
							10.85%
							
						
					

						
							3.92%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							7.13%
							
						
					

						
							0.07%
							
						
					

						
							7.17%
							
						
					

						
							3.90%
							
						
					

						
							8.65%
							
						
					


Large Value

						
							9.15%
							
						
					

						
							4.24%
							
						
					

						
							9.46%
							
						
					

						
							3.65%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.






Performance & Risk










Average Annual Total Returns 8, 3, 2






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 2/13/1987
		


























						
							
							1 Yr
						
					

						
							
							3 Yrs
						 
					

						
							
							5 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							10 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							Life
						
					



Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A

								
									19.52%
									
								
							

								
									3.15%
									
								
							

								
									11.51%
									
								
							

								
									6.46%
									
								
							

								
									11.11%
									
								
							





									Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
									
										
										(Load Adjusted)
									
								

									
										12.64%
										
									
								

									
										1.13%
										
									
								

									
										10.20%
										
									
								

									
										5.83%
										
									
								

									
										10.90%
										
									
								




 



Russell 1000 Value



								
									15.53%
									
								
							

								
									7.36%
									
								
							

								
									13.94%
									
								
							

								
									5.57%
									
								
							

								
									9.98%
									
								
							



Large Value

								
									16.49%
									
								
							

								
									6.40%
									
								
							

								
									12.64%
									
								
							

								
									5.18%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							





Rank in Morningstar Category

								
									23%
									
								
							

								
									93%
									
								
							

								
									79%
									
								
							

								
									18%
									
								
							
--



# of Funds in Morningstar Category

								
									1251
									
								
							

								
									1091
									
								
							

								
									936
									
								
							

								
									681
									
								
							
--






Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.









Yield
















6/30/2017



Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 6






2.37%















Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






				AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Value









Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A






Russell 1000 Value





Large Value























2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


This Fund
2.55%
-35.56%
42.21%
20.86%
-6.43%
19.14%
31.63%
10.05%
-9.82%
14.67%
4.20%


Benchmark
-0.17%
-36.85%
19.69%
15.51%
0.39%
17.51%
32.53%
13.45%
-3.83%
17.34%
4.66%


Category
1.42%
-37.09%
24.13%
13.66%
-0.75%
14.57%
31.21%
10.21%
-4.05%
14.81%
5.55%


+/- Benchmark
2.72%
1.29%
22.52%
5.35%
-6.82%
1.63%
-0.90%
-3.40%
-5.99%
-2.67%
-0.46%


+/- Category
1.13%
1.53%
18.08%
7.20%
-5.68%
4.57%
0.42%
-0.16%
-5.77%
-0.14%
-1.35%






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.






Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 2/13/1987
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             1.05% AS OF 12/29/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A

						
							19.52%
							
						
					

						
							3.15%
							
						
					

						
							11.51%
							
						
					

						
							6.46%
							
						
					

						
							11.11%
							
						
					



						Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							12.64%
							
						
					

						
							1.13%
							
						
					

						
							10.20%
							
						
					

						
							5.83%
							
						
					

						
							10.90%
							
						
					





Russell 1000 Value



						
							
							15.53%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.36%
							
						
					

						
							
							13.94%
							
						
					

						
							
							5.57%
							
						
					

						
							
							9.98%
							
						
					




Large Value

						
							16.49%
							
						
					

						
							6.40%
							
						
					

						
							12.64%
							
						
					

						
							5.18%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							11.49%
							
						
					

						
							-1.05%
							
						
					

						
							7.96%
							
						
					

						
							4.00%
							
						
					

						
							8.87%
							
						
					


Large Value

						
							13.92%
							
						
					

						
							4.35%
							
						
					

						
							10.85%
							
						
					

						
							3.92%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							7.13%
							
						
					

						
							0.07%
							
						
					

						
							7.17%
							
						
					

						
							3.90%
							
						
					

						
							8.65%
							
						
					


Large Value

						
							9.15%
							
						
					

						
							4.24%
							
						
					

						
							9.46%
							
						
					

						
							3.65%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.





Cumulative Total Returns 2






					AS OF 6/30/2017					
				


















YTD (Daily)*
												
																						
										
										

YTD (Monthly)
												
											
										
										

1 Month


3 Months


6 Months



Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A

											
												6.28%
											
											
										

											
												4.20%
											
											
										

											
												2.20%
											
											
										

											
												1.22%
											
											
										

											
												4.20%
											
											
										



										Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Class A 
										
											
											(Load Adjusted)
										
									
--

											
												-1.79%
											
											
										

											
												-3.68%
											
											
										

											
												-4.60%
											
											
										

											
												-1.79%
											
											
										





Russell 1000 Value



											
											
													--
												
										

											
												4.66%
											
											
										

											
												1.63%
											
											
										

											
												1.34%
											
											
										

											
												4.66%
											
											
										


Large Value

											
											
													--
												
										

											
												5.55%
											
											
										

											
												1.52%
											
											
										

											
												1.78%
											
											
										

											
												5.55%
											
											
										




	  					*AS OF 7/26/2017
	  				


Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.







 


Risk


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Above Average

This fund scores Above Average because Morningstar has rated its risk between the 60th and 80th percentiles when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.




How is it calculated?


Risk is calculated using the Sharpe ratio, which compares portfolio returns to a rate comparable to U.S. Treasury bonds, relative to the fund's overall volatility. For this measure, Morningstar has compared the Sharpe ratio of this fund against all other funds that invest in it's Morningstar Category.




What does it mean?


A higher Sharpe implies better risk-adjusted returns. Therefore, if a fund has a Sharpe ratio higher than its category average, it's returns relative to it's risk were better than other similar funds. If its Sharpe ratio is lower, that's usually a sign that the risk-adjusted returns were lower than other similar funds.










 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Low


This fund scores Low because it delivered returns that were in the bottom 10% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








Fund Risk and Return




					
			          	
			          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Value









 Return of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







 Risk of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER













Risk



Value stocks can perform differently than other types of stocks and can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. These risks may be magnified in foreign markets. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.






Volatility Measures












Glossary definition opens in new window.Beta

1.11



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.R2

0.91



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Sharpe Ratio

0.24



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Standard Deviation

12.23



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						











Historical Fund Performance 2





			Most recent year's data as of: 6/30/2017
		

















									
										
										Year
									
								

									
										
										Total Returns
									
								

									
										
										Capital Gains
									
								

Glossary definition opens in new window.Dividends


Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)



2017

									
										
											4.20%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.31162																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$2,649.75
										
										
																		
								




2016

									
										
											14.67%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.6634																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$2,871.30
										
										
																		
								




2015

									
										
											-9.82%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1.47077		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1.06737																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$3,321.31
										
										
																		
								




2014

									
										
											10.05%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1.751		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.7679																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$4,176.95
										
										
																		
								




2013

									
										
											31.63%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1.10514		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.88842																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$3,996.42
										
										
																		
								




2012

									
										
											19.14%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$2,536.30
										
										
																		
								




2011

									
										
											-6.43%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$2,042.89
										
										
																		
								




2010

									
										
											20.86%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$1,179.49
										
										
																		
								




2009

									
										
											42.21%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$401.16
										
										
																		
								




2008

									
										
											-35.56%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$195.52
										
										
																		
								











Ratings




Morningstar Ratings





				AS OF 6/30/2017;
				
				Morningstar Category: Large Value











Overall



				Out of
				
1,091
funds







3 Yrs


Out of
1,091
funds







5 Yrs



				Out of
936
funds







10 Yrs



				Out of
681
funds









The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. (Exchange-traded funds and open-end mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes.) It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of  funds in each fund category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Lipper Ranking





		    	AS OF 6/30/2017; 
		    	
		    	LIPPER PEER GROUP: Equity Income











1 Yr



#32
out of
549
funds
               
            







5 Yrs



#205
out of
359
funds
                
            







10 Yrs



#86
out of
238
funds
              
            








The fund is ranked based on total return. Each fund is ranked within a universe of funds with similar investment objectives. Rankings include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains but exclude the effect of a fund's sales load, if applicable. Lipper Inc. is a nationally recognized organization that ranks the performance of mutual funds.Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Composition





Major Market Sectors 7





		AS OF 5/31/2017

















Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Large Value								
										



Financial Services

										25.17%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			22.45%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Healthcare

										12.50%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			12.64%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Energy

										12.45%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			10.19%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Technology

										12.29%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			12.24%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Cyclical

										8.42%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			8.10%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Real Estate

										7.34%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			2.20%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Defensive

										6.97%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			9.11%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Industrials

										5.76%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			10.32%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Communication Services

										3.87%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			4.43%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Utilities

										3.52%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			4.75%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Basic Materials

										1.69%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.58%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										
















Asset Allocation 7





		
					AS OF 5/31/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Value




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										1.35%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										1.50%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.03%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										0.01%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.59%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										4.99%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.24%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.11%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										4.04%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										5.17%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.01%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.27%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										89.44%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										92.24%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 7





       		AS OF 5/31/2017
   			

















Citigroup Inc


								
								
									5.10%
								
								
							    	
								



Chevron Corp


								
								
									2.85%
								
								
							    	
								



JPMorgan Chase & Co


								
								
									2.65%
								
								
							    	
								



Pfizer Inc


								
								
									2.53%
								
								
							    	
								



Wells Fargo & Co


								
								
									2.43%
								
								
							    	
								



Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Class A


								
								
									2.26%
								
								
							    	
								



AT&T Inc


								
								
									2.19%
								
								
							    	
								



Colony NorthStar Inc A


								
								
									2.18%
								
								
							    	
								



Apple Inc


								
								
									2.14%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Allergan Plc 5.5% Conv /Pfd/
   	

            		    	

								
								
									2.06%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

26.39%




holdings 152 as of 5/31/2017











Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 6



		2.37%
		
		

6/30/2017

















Equity StyleMap®* 9




AS OF 5/31/2017










        			Capitalization
        		







LG





MD





SM






Value
Blend
Growth







				Style
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Large Value
Invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.




*93.36% 
     
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Regional Diversification 10, 7




AS OF 5/31/2017





Africa

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Developed

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Australasia

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Canada

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Europe - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United States

				
					
						95.68%
					
					
				
			



Eurozone

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Japan

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Latin America

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Middle East

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United Kingdom

				
					
						4.32%
					
					
				
			



Europe - ex Euro

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			









Country Diversification 7




AS OF 5/31/2017





United States

			95.68%



United Kingdom

			4.32%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

October








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
2/13/1987








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$3,909.61
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$2,649.75
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
OAEIX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports










	
		
			Fees and Distributions
		
		
	
	









Expenses & Fees













Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)

1.05%
			
($10.50 per $1000)


			12/29/2016
			










Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)

1.05%
			
($10.50 per $1000)



			12/29/2016	
			














Glossary definition opens in new window.Distribution and/or service fee(12b-1) Fees

0.25%













































Loads






				
					
					
						Front End Load
					
							
				
				
					5.75%	
				







								
									
									Front-End Load Schedule
								
							




		
								$0.00 - $24,999.00
							
5.75%



		
								$25,000.00 - $49,999.00
							
5.50%



		
								$50,000.00 - $99,999.00
							
4.75%



		
								$100,000.00 - $249,999.00
							
3.75%



		
								$250,000.00 - $499,999.00
							
2.50%



		
								$500,000.00 - $999,999.00
							
2.00%



		
								$1,000,000.00 - $999,999,999.99
							
0.00%





							
								
								Rights of Accumulation Rules
							
						






				
							
							
								Roll-up Level
							
							
				
Family







Glossary definition opens in new window.Valuation Method

Better of Market Value or Cost









				
							
							
								Householding Level
							
							
				
Household







Glossary definition opens in new window.Price Valuation Method

NAV








Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.

See prospectus for more information on Fees, Expenses & Loads.






Minimums











				
					
					
						Initial Investment
					
				
				



					$2,500.00
				








				
					
					
						Additional Investment
					
									
			

				$250.00
				







				
					
					
						Initial IRA Investment
					
									
			

				$2,500.00
				






			
				
				Additional IRA Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		




			
				
					Initial Group Retirement Investment 5

		
			$500.00
			
				






			
				
				Additional Group Retirement Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		









Features










Glossary definition opens in new window.Simple IRA















Distribution









Dividend History









Date
										
									
								
								



Per Share Amount

											
										
									
									




									
										
										
											Reinvestment Price										
										
									
									




6/22/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.1804
									
									
								
								

									
										$30.39
									
									
								


3/23/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.13122
									
									
								
								

									
										$30.04
									
									
								


12/12/16

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.21196
									
									
								
								

									
										$29.84
									
									
								


9/22/16

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.17869
									
									
								
								

									
										$27.90
									
									
								












 Capital Gains History 









Date
								
							
							


Per Share Amount
										
									
								
								


Reinvestment Price
										
									
								
								




12/08/15

								
								
							

							
								
									$1.47077
								
								
							
							

								
									$26.92
								
								
							


12/09/14

								
								
							

							
								
									$1.751
								
								
							
							

								
									$32.04
								
								
							


12/10/13

								
								
							

							
								
									$1.10514
								
								
							
							

								
									$30.85
								
								
							










Pricing




AS OF 6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV










	
		
			
				$31.20			
			
			
						
	
	







					 7/26/2017












						
							
							
								12 Month Low-High
							
						
					
				

								







	
		
			
				$25.92			
			
			
						
	
	



								-
								







	
		
			
				$31.26			
			
			
						
	
	



							







						
							
							
								On
							
						
				 6/30/2017
				
				 

					







	
		
			
				$30.59			
			
			
						
	
	



				






Chart Fund Price (NAV)






Price History By Month











						
							
							
								Actual Values:
							
						              	
              	 Jun. 2017
              	 
						
							
							
								to
							
						  
              	   Jun. 2016
              	   














						
							
							
								Close
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								Low
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								High
							
						 
                 




Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.59			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.34			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.92			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


May

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.11			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.81			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.44			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Apr

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.39			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.97			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.54			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Mar

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.40			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$31.26			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Feb

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.90			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$31.07			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jan

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.92			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.75			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.30			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Dec

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.66			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$30.07			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Nov

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.02			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.95			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$29.09			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Oct

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.60			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.43			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.92			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Sep

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.73			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.43			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$28.39			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Aug

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$28.01			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.05			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$28.06			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jul

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.49			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.92			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.57			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.21			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.79			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.05			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	













Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.

The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.











1. No Transaction Fee funds are available without paying a transaction fee. No Transaction Fee funds will also be offered without a load or on a load waived basis. However, the fund may charge a short term trading fee or a redemption fee. Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Additional information about the source(s) and amount(s) of this compensation as well as any other remuneration received by FBS or its affiliates will be furnished upon request.
2. Total returns are historical and include change in share value and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, if any. Cumulative total returns are reported as of the period indicated.  Life of fund figures are reported as of the commencement date to the period indicated and are cumulative if the fund is less than one year old. Total returns do not reflect the fund's [%] sales charge. If sales charges were included, total returns would have been lower.
3. The Morningstar Category Average is the average return for the peer group based on the returns of each individual fund within the group, for the period shown. This average assumes reinvestment of dividends.
4. This chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made in this investment product (and a benchmark or category average, if shown) from the beginning date shown or on the inception date of the product (whichever is later).  The inception date used for products with underlying funds, or multiple shares classes, or are offered as a separate account, strategy or sub account, may be the inception date of the underlying fund, the earliest share class of the product, or the date composite performance for the product was first made available. The product's returns may not reflect all its expenses. Any fees not reflected would lower the returns. Benchmark returns include reinvestment of capital gains and dividends, if any, but do not reflect any fees or expenses. It is not possible to invest in an index. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. This chart is not intended to imply any future performance of the investment product.
5. Initial minimum investments into group retirement accounts such as Fidelity Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, Self-Employed 401(k), and Non-Fidelity Prototype Retirement accounts are $500 or higher. Additional investments into Regular, IRA, and Group accounts are $250 or higher.
6. A standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission for bond funds. The yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share earned during the 30-day period by the maximum offering price per share on the last day of the period. The yield figure reflects the dividends and interest earned during the 30-day period, after the deduction of the fund's expenses. It is sometimes referred to as "SEC 30-Day Yield" or "standardized yield".
7. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
8. Percent Rank in Category is the fund's total-return percentile rank relative to all funds that have the same Morningstar Category.  The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. The top-performing fund in a category will always receive a rank of 1. % Rank in Category is based on total returns which include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude sales charges.
9. StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's equity holdings over two dimensions: market capitalization and valuation. The percentage of fund assets represented by these holdings is indicated beside each StyleMap. Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's equity holdings (e.g., domestic stocks, foreign stocks, and American Depositary Receipts), are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
10. Please note Regional Diversification information is based on the equity components only.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.





© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map










  OAEIX Quote - Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund Inc   OAEIX:US   NASDAQ GM        31.20USD   0.04   0.13%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   26.95 - 31.26    1 Yr Return   15.89%    YTD Return   6.28%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   31.24    52Wk Range   26.95 - 31.26    1 Yr Return   15.93%    YTD Return   6.28%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Value Large Cap    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   31.2    Total Assets (b USD) (on 07/26/2017)   3.944    Inception Date   02/13/1987    Last Dividend (on 06/22/2017)   0.1804    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   2.31%    Fund Managers   MICHAEL LEVINE - BB    Front Load Fee   5.75%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.25%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.56%    Expense Ratio   1.04%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        C:US   Citigroup Inc    3.20 m 214.18 m 5.50      JPM:US   JPMorgan Chase & Co    1.25 m 114.25 m 2.93      CVX:US   Chevron Corp    1.07 m 111.63 m 2.86      PFE:US   Pfizer Inc    3.00 m 100.77 m 2.59      WFC:US   Wells Fargo & Co    1.74 m 96.27 m 2.47      RDS/A:US   Royal Dutch Shell PLC    1.61 m 85.77 m 2.20      CLNS:US   Colony NorthStar Inc    5.95 m 83.87 m 2.15      T:US   AT&T Inc    2.21 m 83.48 m 2.14      AAPL:US   Apple Inc    540.00 k 77.77 m 2.00      EP048150:PFD   AGN 5 ½ 03/01/18    88.75 k 77.04 m 1.98           Profile   Oppenheimer Equity Income Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is total return. The Fund invests mainly in common stocks of U.S. issuers that the portfolio manager believes are undervalued in the marketplace. The Fund will typically focus on larger capitalization stocks.    Address  Oppenheimer Funds2 World Financial Center225 Liberty Street11th FloorNew York, NY 10281-1008   Phone  1-800-525-7048   Website   www.oppenheimerfunds.com              



ONEIX Oppenheimer Equity Income R Fund ONEIX Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.36%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:37:54 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )








 
























Mutual Funds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 












































Closex
 



















































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.89					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/26/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Quarterly Statistical Update for the American Funds 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.





































































 
























Products | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 












































Closex
 






















































































Investments | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 












































































 
























The Capital Advantage | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.










































Closex
 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Closed-End Funds | Equity Option | Nuveen










































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF






Nuveen Covered Call Closed-End Funds 
For income-oriented investors who are seeking the growth and diversification potential of equities, but who desire higher income and reduced volatility, covered call closed-end funds (also known as equity option closed-end funds) can be an attractive diversifying portfolio opportunity.



Covered Call Strategies for Today's Income Investors 
Nuveen's covered call closed-end funds have been designed to meet the income, risk, and diversification needs of income-oriented investors. Combining a traditional equity portfolio strategy of persistently selling covered calls, then monetizing the long-term expected total returns into quarterly cash distributions, results in the strong potential for a diversifying, higher-yielding and more stable investment. 




Full/Constant Overwrite
Variable Option Overwrite




S&P 500
Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-WriteIncome Fund (BXMX)
Nuveen S&P 500 DynamicOverwrite Fund (SPXX)


Nasdaq

Nuveen Nasdaq 100 DynamicOverwrite Fund (QQQX)


DJIA

Nuveen Dow 30SM DynamicOverwrite Fund (DIAX)



What are covered call strategies?
							Covered call strategy funds invest in a portfolio of stocks, and sell call options on either individual stocks or stock indices, for the purpose of enhancing total return, reducing volatility, and providing a measure of downside protection over time.  The fund receives a premium from the buyer of the call option, and must sell or deliver the underlying stock (or cash, in the case of a stock index call option) if the call option is exercised by the buyer.  The value of the stocks that are linked to call options sold, relative to the value of full stock portfolio, is termed the Option Overwrite percentage.





Expand Your Income Options

Nuveen income-oriented equity closed-end funds
Learn More




Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund (BXMX)

A Morningstar Medalist Fund 
Learn More








Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-WriteIncome Fund (BXMX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the S&P 500 Index 
100% option overwrite 


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen S&P 500 DynamicOverwrite Fund (SPXX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the S&P 500 Index 
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen Nasdaq 100 DynamicOverwrite Fund (QQQX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the Nasdaq 100 Index
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen Dow 30SM DynamicOverwrite Fund (DIAX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the DJIA Index
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund








For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the overview tab by clicking View Fund above.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI") and has been licensed to Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC in connection with the Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund. Dow Jones Industrial Average®, The Dow™, and The Dow 30™ are trademarks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones") and have been licensed for use by S&P DJI and/or its affiliates and have sublicensed for certain purposes by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC. The Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P DJI, S&P, or their respective affiliates or third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such the Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund.
The S&P 500 (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI") and has been licensed to Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC in connection with the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund. S&P® and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC ("SPFS") and have been licensed for use by S&P DJI and/or its affiliates and have sublicensed for certain purposes by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC. The Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P DJI, S&P, or their respective affiliates or third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund.















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
				23791-INV-Y-03/18	
			


















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





























SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/25/17
$27.80





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/25/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$28.24
Closing Market Price


$27.93
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$28.46
Day High


$27.60
Day Low


2,120
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.45%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.26M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/25/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/25/17)


$27.80
NAV
(As of 07/25/17)


0.07%
NAV 1 Day Return


10.72%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/25/2017)


% of Fund






																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.46																					



																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.37																					



																							Garmin Ltd																					

																							1.37																					



																							Spark New Zealand Ltd																					

																							1.38																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.38																					



																							Abertis Infraestructuras SA																					

																							1.37																					



																							Pembina Pipeline Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Sydney Airport																					

																							1.37																					



																							OGE Energy Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Transurban Group																					

																							1.36																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/25/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$49.77B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.78B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





17.95






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.60






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.21%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.46																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.55																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.59																					



																							North America																					

																							37.37																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.41																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.64																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.17																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.37																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.68																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.35																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.31																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.93																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.88																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.32																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/25/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							17.18																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							5.29																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.65																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.88																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							8.01																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus




































FinanceWeb You searched for fixed income funds - FinanceWeb





























 




 




Ads 


Top stories


 Microsoft Fighting Against Russian Hackers


 Why Having Fun At Work May Actually Boost Productivity


 OJ Simpson’s Retirement Is Set





Search results for fixed income funds

Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
                                ...higher interest than a CD. It’s easy to find an annuity rates calculator online. They can help interested investors find possible income levels for retirement planning.   Why Fixed Annuities Are Popular with Investors   The interest rates paid for fixed annuities are guaranteed, as...                            

What You Need to Know About Fixed Income Investments
FinanceWeb > Markets > What You Need to Know About Fixed Income Investments
                                ...With two potential interest rate outcomes, intermediate term bonds are a good way to improve income from fixed income securities. Good choices for intermediate term securities include tax-free municipal bonds, intermediate mutual bond funds, and mutual funds that invest in variable interest rate securities....                            

A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
FinanceWeb > Markets > A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
                                ...Fixed rate annuities are an excellent tool for building a reliable source of long-term income. With fixed rate annuities, one knows in advance the exact amounts of interest income that the investment contract will pay along with a set schedule. One can structure fixed...                            

Fundamentals of Fixed Income Investments
FinanceWeb > Markets > Fundamentals of Fixed Income Investments
                                ...the transaction. Fixed income securities can be instruments such municipal bonds, treasury notes, investment grade corporate bonds, money market securities, international bonds, and foreign corporate obligations. Some mutual funds emphasize income over equity or capital growth by basing a large percentage of its investments in...                            
Popular Related SearchesFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundFixed Income EtfBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsBond FundsBest Bond FundsPopular Related SearchesFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundFixed Income EtfBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsBond FundsPopular Related SearchesFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundFixed Income EtfBest Fixed Income Funds

Top Dividend Income Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > Top Dividend Income Funds
                                ...Any review of top dividend income funds must include ETF’s that dedicate themselves to high yield dividend strategies. The purpose of these easily traded funds is to extract profits. The philosophy is a simple one, the future of the market is always an unknown,...                            

An Overview of Fixed Income Securities
FinanceWeb > Markets > An Overview of Fixed Income Securities
                                ...securities in a mix of investments by balancing an individual portfolio with some bonds. One can also invest in a mix of fixed and equity securities by investing in mutual funds. Many mutual funds carry significant amounts of fixed income securities in their portfolios....                            

Fixed Income Investments Explained
FinanceWeb > Markets > Fixed Income Investments Explained
                                ...can greatly vary, but still yet, a gain is a gain, and fixed income investments are not meant to lose money whatsoever. Most commonly, people invest in individual bonds as a form of fixed income investment, but other forms do exist, including money market funds,...                            

Five Safer Investment Options
FinanceWeb > Markets > Five Safer Investment Options
                                ...options can help you make your money grow without having to take too much of a risk. 1. Fixed Annuities Fixed annuities are a great option for many reasons. You can generally start out with a relatively low investment amount; in fact, you can often...                            

How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
                                ...include world travel or other expensive propositions, then again you will require more income. On the other hand, if you anticipate having fairly fixed expenses during your retirement, securing a reliable income should be your top priority. Life Stage: If you’re still decades away from...                            

Leading Providers Of Mutual Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > Leading Providers Of Mutual Funds
                                ...advise keeping a larger portion of assets in cash so that one can seize opportunities for high-value assets in a falling market. A risk-conscious approach to mutual funds can use the investor’s insight. For example, multisector mutual funds that pay high levels of income provide...                            


Ads 


12





Popular Related SearchesFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundFixed Income EtfBest Fixed Income Funds











Newsletter
Subscribe for free e-mail financial updates:









Email: 

 Submit


Your email address will not be sold or rented to third parties.






Close
Join Us!
Unlimited Access to our Latest Business, Financial & Investment News & Advice. Receive Members-Only Special Offers & More!









Email: 

 Submit




















GMX


































 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


d-YbOXFjVdm6xtxIftuYq1n

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















 

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































