


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.82
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-2.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.62%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:33:43 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				






































































American Funds



































Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 12:03 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



Two World Financial Center225 Liberty StreetNew York, NY 10281-1008United States



Phone: 212-323-0200

Fax: 212-323-4070








Key Executives for Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC


Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund  Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page













































Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 12:03 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  335.5KBonus  967.0KTotal Short Term Compensation  682.5KTotal Value of Options  3.4MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESJPMorgan American Investment Trust plc Announces Resignation of Sarah Bate as DirectorJuly 27, 2017 6:00 AM ETCentral Securities Corporation Appoints Wilmot H. Kidd IV to the Board of DirectorsJuly 26, 2017 8:46 PM ETKaren Prooth Resigns from the Board of iShares IV plcJuly 26, 2017 4:23 PM ETIshares III plc Announces Resignation of Karen Prooth from the Board, Effective July 31, 2017July 26, 2017 4:20 PM ETCiti Private Bank Appoints David Bailin as Global Head of InvestmentsJuly 26, 2017 2:40 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Track Hedge Funds Using 13F Filings 

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active

















Quick Nav

Top
1.
10.
20.
30.
40.
50.
60.
70.
80.



NSAR-A Report for Registered Investment Companies
OPPENHEIMER MASTER EVENT-LINKED BOND FUND, LLC


View Original SEC Filing




Report for six month period ending:
  03/31/2017




   Is this a transition report?
  No




   Is this an amendment to a previous filing?
  No



1 and 2.
Registrant Information
  
Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund


6803 South Tucson Way

Centennial
CO
            
        


   File Number:  811-22207
   Telephone Number:  3037682965




3.

  Is this the first filing on this form by Registrant?
No


4.
Is this the last filing on this form by Registrant?
No


5.
Is Registrant a small business investment company (SBIC)
No


6.
Is Registrant a unit investment trust (UIT)?
No


7.
A. Is Registrant a series or multiple portfolio company
Yes



B. How many separate series or portfolios did Registrant have at the end of the period?
0




      C. List the name of each series or portfolio and give a consecutive number to each series or portfolio starting with the
      number 1
      
Series NumberSeries NameIs this the last filing for this series?

1

No





8.


Advisors
NameIs Advisoror Sub-advisorFile #Address

OFI Global Asset Management, Inc.
A
801-76771

          New York, NY  10281



OPPENHEIMERFUNDS, INC.
S
801-08253

          NEW YORK, NY  10281






10.

AdministratorsNameFile #Address




11.

Principal UnderwritersNameFile #Address

OPPENHEIMERFUNDS DISTRIBUTOR, INC.
8-22992

          NEW YORK, NY  102811008






12.

Shareholder Servicing AgentNameFile #Address

OFI Global Asset Management, Inc.
84-06477

          Centennial, CO  801123924



Shareholder Services, Inc. (Sub-TA)
84-00907

          Centennial, CO  801123924






13.

Independent Public AccountantNameAddress

KPMG LLP

          DENVER, CO  80202






14.

Affiliated Broker/DealerNameFile #




15.

Custodian/Sub-CustodianNameIs Custodian or Sub-custodianAddress
:

JP MORGAN CHASE BANK
C

          BROOKLYN, NY  11245






18.
Does Registrant’s/Series’ custodian(s) maintain some or all of Registrant's/Series' securities in a central
  depository or book-entry system pursuant to Rule 17f-4? 
Yes


19.
Family of investment companies information: 




A. Is Registrant part of a family of investment companies?
Yes



B. If “Y” (Yes), state the number of registered management investment companies in the family
99



C. Identify the family using 10 letters:
OPPENHEIMR


20.

Brokerage commissions paid on portfolio transactions of Registrant: 

    List the 10 brokers which received the largest amount of brokerage commissions (excluding dealer concessions in
    underwritings) by virtue of direct or indirect participation in Registrant’s portfolio transactions, set forth in order
    of size of gross commissions during the current reporting period:
  

Brokers
NameIRS NumberGross Commissions Received from Registrant ($000's omitted)




21
Aggregate brokerage commissions paid by Registrant
  during current reporting period ($000's omitted):
0


22
 Registrant's portfolio transactions with entities acting as principals: 
List the 10 entities acting as principals with whom Registrant did the largest amount of portfolio transactions
  (include all short-term obligations, and U.S. Gov't & tax-free securities) in both the secondary market & in
  underwritten offerings set forth in order of size based upon total value of principal transactions during the current
  reporting period: 
NameIRS NumberRegistrant PurchasesRegistrant sales (excl. maturing securities)










23
Aggregate principal purchase/sale transactions of Registrant during current reporting period ($000’s omitted):



Total Purchases:
 49,143



Total Sales:
29,198


24
At the end of the current period, did the Registrant/Series hold any securities of its regular brokers or
  dealers or of the parents of such brokers or dealers that derive more than 15% of gross revenue from
  securities-related activities? 




:
No


25
List below the information requested about Registrant's/Series' holdings of the securities of its regular
  brokers or dealers or of their parents that derive more than 15% of gross revenues from securities-related
  activities: 




NameIRS NumberType of Security OwnedD=debtE=equityValue of any securities owned at end of current period ($000's omitted)




26
Considerations which affected the participation of brokers or dealers or other entities in commissions
  or other compensation paid on portfolio transactions of Registrant:




A. Sale of Registrant's/Series' SharesNo



B. Receipt of investment research and statistical information Yes



C. Receipt of quotations for portfolio valuations No



D. Ability to execute portfolio transactions to
      obtain best price and execution   Yes



E. Receipt of telephone line and wire services  No



F. Broker or dealer which is an affiliated person  No



G. Arrangement to return or credit part of all of
       commissions or profits thereon:



To investment adviser, principal underwriter, or
          an affiliated person of either No



To Registrant No




H. Other  No


27
Is Registrant/Series an open-end investment company?Yes


28
Monthly sales and repurchases of Registrant’s/Series’ shares:






Month of Current Period
Total NAV of Shares Sold: New Sales (Incl. Exchanges)(000's omitted)
Total NAV of Shares Sold: Reinv. of Dividends & Distributions(000's omitted)
Total NAV of Shares Sold: OTher(000's omitted)
Total NAV of Shares Redeemed and Repurchased (Incl. Exchanges)(000's omitted)


Total












H. Total NAV of Registrant's/Series' share sales during the period subject to a sales load ($000's omitted)


29
Was a front-end sales load deducted from any share sales during
  the reporting period?


:No


30.
A. Total front-end sales loads collected from sales (including exchanges) by principal
  underwriter or by any underwriter which is an affiliated person of the
  principal underwriter, of Registrant's/Series' shares during
  the current period ($000's omitted)


:



B. What is the maximum sales load rate in effect at the end of the period as a percentage
      of the offering price?


:



C. What is the minimum sales load rate in effect at the end of the period as a percentage
      of the offering price?


:


31.
A. Net amount retained by Registrant’s/Series’ principal underwriter or by any underwriter
  or dealer which is an affiliated person of the principal underwriter thereof from front-end
  sales loads collected from sales of Registrant’s/Series’ shares during the
  current period ($000’s omitted)
    
: 



B. Amount by which payout by Registrant’s/Series’ principal underwriter or by
    any underwriter which is an affiliated person of the principal underwriter thereof to
    persons or entities selling Registrant’s/Series’ shares exceeded that
    reported in Item 30 ($000’s omitted)
        
: 



32.
Amount Registrant’s/Series’ principal underwriter and any underwriters or dealers
  which are affiliated persons of the principal underwriter paid to dealers which are not affiliated
  persons of the principal underwriter for selling Registrant’s/Series’ shares that were sold with a
  front-end sales load during current period ($000’s omitted)
  
: 
 


33.
Amount paid to a captive retail sales force of Registrant’s/Series principal underwriter
  or of any underwriter or dealer which is an affiliated person of the principal underwriter
  for selling Registrant’s shares that were sold with a front-end sales load during
  current period ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



34.
Did Registrant/Series impose a deferred or contingent deferred sales load
  during the reporting period?
  
: No
 


35.
Total deferred or contingent deferred sales loads collected during current period from redemptions and
  repurchases of Registrant/Series shares ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



36.

  Did Registrant/Series retain all monies collected from the deferred or contingent
  deferred sales load?
    
: No



If answer to sub-item 36A is “N” (No), state the net amount Registrant/Series retained from
    deferred or contingent deferred sales loads ($000’s omitted)
        
: 




37.
Did Registrant/Series impose a redemption fee other than a deferred or contingent sales
  load during the reporting period?
  
: No



38.
Total amount of redemption fees other than deferred or contingent deferred sales loads collected
  from redemptions and repurchases of Registrant’s/Series’ shares during the current period
  ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



39.
Were any account maintenance fees or other administrative fees imposed directly on shareholders
  during the current period?
  
: No



40.
During the period, did the Registrant/Series have a plan of distribution adopted
  pursuant to Rule 12b-1?
  
: No



41.
During the period, did Registrant/Series use its assets directly to make payments under
  the 12b-1 plan?
  
: No



42.
For the current period, indicate the percentage of total dollars paid directly by the Registrant/Series under the
  l2b-1 plan for each of the following:
      

Advertising %
Printing and mailing of prospectuses to other than current shareholders 
Payments to underwriters 
Payments to brokers or dealers 
Direct payments to sales personnel  
Payments to banks and savings and loans 
Other uses, incl. payments to the investment adviser separate from the advisory fee 
Unallocated payments made for a combination of such services 




43.
Total amount paid directly by Registrant/Series pursuant to its 12b-1 plan ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



44.
If an investment adviser or other affiliated person of Registrant/Series made unreimbursed
  payments pursuant to Registrant’s/Series’ 12b-1 plan, state the total amount of such
  payments ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



45.
Did Registrant/Series have an advisory contract during the period?
  
: No



46.
Did Registrant/Series pay more than one investment adviser directly for investment
  advice during the period?
  
: No



47.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee based solely on a percentage of its assets?
  
: No



48.
If answer to 47 is “Y” (Yes), fill in the table or the single fee rate based on the
  advisory contract:
  
 SINGLE FEE RATE: 

STEP:ASSET VALUE($000's omitted)ANNUAL FEE RATE



ADVISORY FEE

49.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based solely on a percentage
  of its income?
  
: No



50.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based on some combined percentage
  of its income and assets?
  
: No



51.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based in whole or in part on its
  investment performance?
  
: No



52.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based in whole or in part upon the
  assets, income or performance of other registrants?
  
: No



53.




         Were the expenses of the Registrant/Series limited or reduced at any time during the
         period by some agreement or understanding other than by blue sky laws?
         No
         
         If 53A is “Y” (Yes), was limitation that applied during current period based upon:
       

      Assets? No
    

          Income? No
        




54.
Indicate below whether services were supplied or paid for wholly or in substantial part by investment
  adviser(s) or administrator(s) in connection with the advisory or administrative contract(s) but for which the
  adviser(s) or administrator(s) are not reimbursed by the Registrant:
      


         Occupancy and office rental:
         No
       

      Clerical and bookkeeping services: No
    
Accounting services: No
Services of independent auditors: No
Services of outside counsel: No
Registration and filing fees: No
Stationery, supplies and printing: No
Salaries & compensation of Registrant’s interested directors: No
Salaries & compensation of Registrant’s disinterested directors: No
Salaries & compensation of Registrant’s officers who are not directors: No
Reports to current shareholders: No
Determination of offering and redemption prices: No
Trading department: No
Prospectus preparation and printing for current shareholders: No
Other: No




55.


Did Registrant/Series have any of the following outstanding at any time during the current period which exceeded
               1% of aggregate net assets?


      Overdrafts No
    

      Bank loans No
        



56.
During the period, did the Registrant’s/Series’ investment adviser(s) have advisory clients

  other than investment companies?
  
: No
 


57.
Did the Registrant/Series adjust the number of its shares outstanding by means of a stock split

  or stock dividend?
  
: No



58.




      Is Registrant/Series a separate account of an insurance company? No
    

      Variable annuity contracts? No
        
Scheduled premium variable life contracts? No
Flexible premium variable life contracts? ( No
Other types of insurance products registered under the Securities Act of 1933? No




59.
Is Registrant/Series a management investment company?
  
: No



60.




      Was Registrant/Series a diversified investment company at any time during the
      period?  No
    

      Is Registrant/Series a diversified investment company as of the end of the
      reporting period? No
        




61.
What is the lowest minimum initial investment required by Registrant/Series from an investor

  that is not an employee or otherwise affiliated with the Registrant/Series, its adviser,

  principal underwriter or other affiliated entity?
  
: 



62.




      Does Registrants/Series invest primarily in debt securities, including convertible debt securities,
      options and futures on debt securities or indices of debt securities?   No
      
      If answer is “Y” (Yes), state the percentage of net assets in each type at the end of the current period:
    
U.S. Treasury 
U.S. Government Agency 
Repurchase agreements 
State and municipal tax-free 
Bank Certificates of deposit—domestic 
Bank Certificates of deposit—foreign 
Bankers acceptances 
Commercial paper taxable 
Time deposits 
Options 
All other  
    
      Intermediate & Long-Term Maturities
U.S. Treasury 
U.S. Government Agency 
State and Municipal tax-free 
Corporate 
All other 
Investments other than debt securities 



63.


State the dollar weighted average portfolio maturity at the end of the period covered by this report
in days or, if longer than 1 yr., in years to one decimal place: 


      days 
    

     years 
        



64.




      Is the timely payment of principal and interest on any of the instruments listed in
      item 62 insured or guaranteed by an entity other than the issuer? No
    

      Is the issuer of any instrument covered in item 62 delinquent or in default as to payment of
      principal or interest at the end of the current period? No
        



65.
In computations of NAV per share, is any part of the value attributed to instruments identified
  in sub-item 64B derived from insurance or guarantees?
  
: No



66.




      Is the Registrant/Series a fund that usually invests in equity securities, options and futures
      on equity securities, indices of equity securities or securities convertible into
      equity securities?    No
      
      [If answer is “N” (No), go to item 67. Otherwise, place a “Y” on the line below which best
      describes its primary investment objective
    
Aggressive capital appreciation No
Capital appreciation No
Growth No
Growth and income No
Income No
Total return No



67.
Is the Registrant/Series a balanced fund?
  
: No



68.

Does the Registrant/Series have more than 50% of its net assets at the end of the current period invested in: 



      The securities of issuers engaged primarily in the production or distribution of
      precious metals?  No
    

      The securities of issuers located primarily in countries other than the
      United States?  No
        



69.
Is the Registrant/Series an index fund?
  
: No



70.
Investment practices
  

ActivityPermitted by investment policies?If permitted by investment policies, engaged in during the reporting period?

A.
Writing or investing in repurchase agreements
No
No


B.
Writing or investing in options on equities
No
No


C.
Writing or investing in options on debt securities
No
No


D.
Writing or investing in options on stock indices 
No
No


E.
Writing or investing in interest rate futures
No
No


F.
Writing or investing in stock index futures
No
No


G.
Writing or investing in options on futures
No
No


H.
Writing or investing in options on stock index futures
No
No


I.
Writing or investing in other commodity futures
No
No


J.
Investments in restricted securities
No
No


K.
Investments in shares of other investment companies
No
No


L.
Investments in securities of foreign issuers
No
No


M.
Currency exchange transactions
No
No


N.
Loaning portfolio securities
No
No


O.
Borrowing of money
No
No


P.
Purchases/sales by certain exempted affiliated persons
No
No


Q.
Margin purchases
No
No


R.
Short selling
No
No




 

71.
Portfolio turnover rate for the current reporting period:
  




       Purchases ($000’s omitted)   
     

       Sales [including all maturities] ($000’s omitted)  
         

       Monthly average value of portfolio ($000’s omitted)  
              

       Percent turnover (Use the lesser of 71A or 71B divided by 71C)  %
              




FINANCIAL INFORMATION

72.
Investment practices
  


A.How many months do the answers to items 72 and 73 cover? 
INCOME
B.Net interest income 
C.Net dividend income 
D.Account maintenance fees  
E.Net other income  
EXPENSES
F.Gross advisory fees 
G.Gross administrator(s) fees 
H.Salaries and other compensation (negative answer allowed) 
I.Shareholder servicing agent fees 
J.Custodian fees  
K.Postage 
L.Printing expenses 
M.Directors’ fees  
N.Registration fees 
O.Taxes 
P.Interest  
Q.Bookkeeping fees paid to anyone performing this service  
R.Auditing fees  
S.Legal fees 
T.Marketing/distribution payments including payments
          pursuant to a Rule l2b-l plan 
U.Amortization of organization expenses 
V.Shareholder meeting expenses 
W.Other expenses 
X.Total expenses 
Y.Expense reimbursements 
Z.Net investment income 
AA.Realized capital gains 
BB.Realized capital losses 
CC.1. Net unrealized appreciation during the period 
2. Net unrealized depreciation during the period 
DD.1. Total income dividends for which record date passed during the period 
2. Dividends for a second class of open-end company shares  
EE.Total capital gains distribution for which record date passed during the period 





73.
Payments per share outstanding during the entire current period:
  





Dividends from net investment income 
Dividends for a second class of open-end company shares 



       Distributions of capital gains  
         

       Other distributions   
              





74.
Condensed balance sheet data
  


A.Cash  
B.Repurchase agreements 
C.Short-term debt securities other than repurchase agreements 
D.Long-term debt securities including convertible debt 
E.Preferred, convertible preferred and adjustable rate preferred stock 
F.Common stock  
G.Options on equities  
H.Options on all futures 
I.Other investments 
J.Receivables from portfolio instruments sold 
K.Receivables from affiliated persons 
L.Other receivables 
M.All other assets 
N.Total assets 
O.Payables for portfolio instruments purchased 
P.Amounts owed to affiliated persons 
Q.Senior long-term debt 
R.Other liabilities
1. Reverse repurchase agreements
2. Short sales
3. Written options
4. All other liabilities
S.Senior equity 
T.Net assets of common shareholders 
U.1. Number of shares outstanding 
2. Number of shares outstanding of a second class of open-end company shares 
V.1. Net asset value per share (to nearest cent) 
2. Net asset value per share of a second class of open-end company shares 
W.Mark-to-market net asset value per share for money market funds only (to four decimals)  
X.Total number of shareholder accounts  
Y.Total value of assets in segregated accounts 





75.
Average net assets during the current reporting period ($000’s omitted). Answer only one:
  




       Daily average (for money market funds)  
         

       Monthly average (for all other funds)    
              





76.
Market price per share at end of period (closed-end funds only)
  
: 



77.


A.Is the Registrant filing any of the following attachments with the current filing of Form
    N-SAR?  No
B.Accountant’s report on internal control   No
C.Matters submitted to a vote of security holders  No
D.Policies with respect to security investments  No
E.Legal proceedings  No
F.Changes in security for debt  No
G.Defaults and arrears on senior securities  No
H.Changes in control of Registrant  No
I.Terms of new or amended securities   No
J.Revaluation of assets or restatement of capital share account  No
K.Changes in Registrant’s certifying accountant  No
L.Changes in accounting principles and practices  No
M.Mergers  No
N.Actions required to be reported pursuant to Rule 2a-7  No
O.Transactions effected pursuant to Rule l0f-3  No
P.Information required to be filed pursuant to existing exemptive orders  No



78.
Does the Registrant have any wholly-owned investment company subsidiaries whose operating &
  financial data are consolidated with that of Registrant in this report?  
No


79.
List the “811” numbers and names of Registrant’s wholly-owned investment company subsidiaries
  consolidated in this report.
 
811 NumberSubsidiary Name



80.
Fidelity bond(s) in effect at the end of the period:
  




       Insurer Name:  
         

       Second Insurer:  
              
Aggregate face amount of coverage for Registrant/Series on all bonds on which

     it is named as an insured ($000’s omitted):  
                   





81.






       Is the bond part of a joint fidelity bond(s) shared with other investment companies
       or other entities?   No
         
If the answer to 81A is “Y” (Yes), how many other investment companies or other
     entities are covered by the bond?  
                   





82.





Does the mandatory coverage of the fidelity bond have a deductible?   No
If the answer to 82A is “Y” (Yes), what is the amount of the deductible? ($000’s omitted)   





83.





Were any claims with respect to this Registrant/Series filed under the bond
     during the period?   No
If the answer to 83A is “Y” (Yes), what was the total amount of such claim(s)?
     ($000’s omitted)   





84.





Were any losses incurred with respect to this Registrant/Series that could have been filed
     as a claim under the fidelity bond but were not?   No
If the answer to sub-item 84A is “Y” (Yes), what was the total amount of such

     losses? ($000’s omitted)   





85.





Are Registrant’s/Series’ officers and directors covered as officers and directors of
     Registrant/Series under any errors and omissions insurance policy owned by the
     Registrant/Series or anyone else? No
Were any claims filed under such policy during the period with respect to Registrant/
     Series   No




CLOSED-END INVESTMENT COMPANIES

86.
Sales, repurchases, and redemptions of Registrant’s securities:
  
ClassNumber of Shares or
     Principal
     Amount of Debt ($000’s omitted)Net Consideration Received or Paid
    ($000’s omitted) 
Common Stock:
A. Sales00
B. Repurchases00
Preferred Stock:
C. Sales00
D. Repurchases and redemptions0
Debt Securities:
E. Sales00
F. Repurchases and redemptions 00


87.
Securities of Registrant registered on a national securities exchange or listed on NASDAQ:
 
Title of each class of securities CUSIP or NASDAQ NOTicker Symbol



88.


Notes or bonds No
Uncovered options  No
Margin loans No
Preferred stock No










Elevate your investments
Try it for free
















	Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC : All Documents | Contracts, Agreements, Deals, Legal Docs



















































   




 Home 
  Contracts    
 


All Contracts
Business
Compensation
Corporate
Employment
Fee Agreements
Financials




Financing
Insurance
Leasing
Legal
Licensing
Loans
M&A




Miscellany
Plans
Purchase & Sale
Real Estate
Securities
Services







  Companies    
    A B
C D E
F G H
I  
 J K
L M N
O P Q
R  
 S T
U V W
X Y Z
#     
 
  Industries    
  

All Industries
Biotechnology & Drugs
Capital Goods
Commodities
Construction
Consumer
Energy
Financial
Healthcare




Insurance
Miscellany
Real Estate
Retail
Services
Technology
Transportation
Utilities


 
  
  Subscriptions  
 Subscriptions Cancellations FAQs 
  Support 

 About Us Contact Us FAQs Receipts

Services
 
Sign-In

 
 












   



 

HomeCompanies LibraryOppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC
1













Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund, LLC: By Category


FinancialsLegalMiscellanySecurities






All Categories





View DocumentTitleDateRelated Entities



Full Doc



Pending Litigation  

2015

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Section 302 Certifications  

2015

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Pending Litigation  

2015

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Section 302 Certifications  

2015

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Financial Officers  

2014

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund;  Oppenheimerfunds





Full Doc



Section 302 Certifications  

2014

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Code of Ethics  

2013

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Cert Section 302 Certifications Certifications  

2013

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Cert Section 302 Certifications Certifications  

2013

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Cert Section 302 Certifications Certifications  

2013

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Code of Ethics  

2012

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Cert Section 302 Certifications Certifications  

2012

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2012

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Cert Section 302 Certifications Certifications  

2012

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Certifications  

2012

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Section 906 Certifications  

2012

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2008

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





PreviewFull Doc



Investment Advisory Agreement  

2008

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund





Full Doc



Power of Attorney  

2008

 Oppenheimer Master Event-Linked Bond Fund






1














  
               2017 © The Consus Group LLC   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms of Service


















































 
  









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Financial Advisor Resources | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds


















The Case for International Bonds
International bonds can offer favorable yields and valuations compared with U.S. bonds.







Select Login Type
Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors

Enter User ID


User ID is required

Forgot User ID?


Enter Password


Password is required

Forgot Password?




Remember Me


Log in

Forgot
User ID
or Password? |
Register











News & Insights


















International Equities: Poised to Climb?


A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.







View Article




















10 Things to Know About Emerging Market Stocks


We believe there are 10 factors warranting the rotation toward emerging market equities.







View Article




















What's to Worry About? These 3 Things


Despite a seemingly positive equity market outlook, reasons for worry persist.







View Article













Growth Opportunities in a Globalized World
















Searching for the Next Big Investment Idea


Why virtual reality, electric cars and healthcare have Portfolio Manager Frank Jennings’ attention.







View Article



















10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities


Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.







View Article






















The OppenheimerFunds Global Investing Handbook


Learn the potential benefits of global investing though our Global Handbook. 







View Article












Seeking Income in a Low Rate Environment 

















Complement Your Core with Senior Loans


Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.








View Article




















3 Potential Benefits of International Bonds


We believe income opportunities for investors may exist beyond the United States’ borders.







View Article












Keeping Clients Buckled In

















Growing Your Business Is an App Away


The CEO Advisor Institute app can help advisors grow and manage their business.







View Article



















Minding the Fiduciary Rule Gap


Our Client Engagement Toolkit helps advisors meet DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements.







View Article



















CEO Advisor Institute Podcast

Download these podcasts to help take your practice to the next level.



Explore












Professional Development







Investment Strategies for a Changing World




Markets may change, but we believe the Right Way to Invest remains constant.






International Growth Fund


Developing Markets Fund


SteelPath MLPs


Senior Floating Rate Fund


Revenue-Weighted ETFs





International Growth Fund
Developing Markets Fund
SteelPath MLPs
Senior Floating Rate Fund
Revenue-Weighted ETFs






International Growth Fund
While the world has changed drastically over the past two decades, Oppenheimer International Growth Fund’s investment philosophy has remained the same: invest in high-quality growth companies at attractive prices and holding them for the long term.


















George R. Evans


Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe











Access Insights











International Equity
International Growth Fund
OIGAX
The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.


View More




Compare




Inception
3/96


NAV
$41.36

up
$0.46









Compare Funds





Developing Markets Fund
As China and the Emerging Markets (EM) begin to enter a cyclical recovery, the long-term view has come back into focus: the Emerging Markets are and will continue to be the growth engine for the world. Learn more about the opportunities in EM equities. 


















Justin Leverenz


Director of Emerging Markets Equities, Portfolio Manager











Meet The Fund Manager


















Opportunities and Challenges in Emerging Market Equities











Access Insights











Emerging Markets Equity
Developing Markets Fund
ODMAX
The Strategy typically invests in emerging and developing market stocks. 


View More




Compare




Inception
11/96


NAV
$40.27

up
$0.18









Compare Funds





SteelPath MLP Mutual Funds
Investing for the long term, OFI SteelPath MLP mutual funds are well-positioned to capitalize on current market conditions while seeking to limit risk. Learn more about how to access the fundamentals of the energy renaissance. 


















Brian Watson


Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Research











Meet The Fund Manager


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education











Access Insights










OSPAX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Fund


4










OSPPX

SteelPath MLP Alpha Plus Fund


5










OSPMX

SteelPath MLP Income Fund


4









Compare Funds





Senior Floating Rate Fund
Finding income and avoiding principal losses in a rising rate environment can be challenging, but senior loans may help. Learn why we believe senior loans belong as a dedicated allocation in fixed income portfolios through any market environment.


















Joseph Welsh


Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team











Meet The Fund Manager










The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds











Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs










Access Insights











Domestic Debt
Senior Floating Rate Fund
OOSAX
The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.


View More




Compare




Inception
9/99


NAV
$8.14


$0.00









Compare Funds





Revenue-Weighted ETFs
As Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) gain popularity and evolve, Smart Beta strategies that do not weight indexes by market capitalization alone have emerged. Learn why a smart beta strategy weighted by revenue may offer a better way to gain broad exposure to markets. 


















The Smarter Way to Weight the Index











Learn More


















5 Reasons to Consider Revenue-Weighted ETFs











Access Insights










RWL

Large Cap Revenue ETF


7










RDIV

Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF


8










ESGL

ESG Revenue ETF


9


10









See All ETFs











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
As of 4/12/13, the purchase and exchange of Fund shares is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.  Please see the prospectus for further information.


3. 
Special Risks:  Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk.



4. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.


5. 
Special Risks: Investing in MLPs involves additional risks as compared to the risks of investing in common stock, including risks related to cash flow, dilution and voting rights. The Fund’s investments are concentrated in the energy infrastructure industry with an emphasis on securities issued by MLPs, which may increase volatility. Energy infrastructure companies are subject to risks specific to the industry such as fluctuations in commodity prices, reduced volumes of natural gas or other energy commodities, environmental hazards, changes in the macroeconomic or the regulatory environment or extreme weather. MLPs may trade less frequently than larger companies due to their smaller capitalizations which may result in erratic price movement or difficulty in buying or selling. Additional management fees and other expenses are associated with investing in MLP funds.

The Fund is subject to certain MLP tax risks. An investment in the Fund does not offer the same tax benefits of a direct investment in an MLP. The Fund is organized as a Subchapter “C” Corporation and is subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at the corporate tax rate (currently as high as 35%) as well as state and local income taxes. The potential tax benefit of investing in MLPs depend on them being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. If the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entity level, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future tax liabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains as well as capital appreciation of its investments. This deferred tax liability is reflected in the daily NAV and as a result a MLP fund's after-tax performance could differ significantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.

The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer.

To the extent that a Fund obtains leverage through borrowings, there will be the potential for greater gains and the risk of magnified losses.


6. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


7. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


8. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. There is no guarantee that the issuers of stocks will declare dividends in the future, or that dividends will remain at their current levels or increase over time. The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” fund and may invest a greater portion of its assets in the securities of a single issuer. Investing significantly in a particular region, industry, sector or issuer may increase volatility and risk. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


9. 
This is a new fund with a limited history and an inception date of 10/28/16.


10. 
Special Risks: An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. The stocks of companies with favorable ESG practices may underperform the stock market as a whole. Fund returns may not match the return of its respective index, known as non-correlation risk, due to operating expenses incurred by the Fund. The alternate weighting approach employed by the Fund (i.e., using revenues as a weighting measure), while designed to enhance potential returns, may not produce the desired results. Because the Fund is rebalanced quarterly, portfolio turnover may exceed 100%. The greater the portfolio turnover, the greater the transaction costs, which could have an adverse effect on Fund performance.


A. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩












You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.82
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-2.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.62%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:37:50 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				






































































American Funds




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































