






Optimum Investment Advisors









































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here













Optimum is an independent financial advisory firm based in Chicago, Illinois providing trusted investment management services and expertise to high-net worth individuals since 1989. Optimum delivers its clients portfolio management based on objective analytical research and consistent investment processes. The firm has built long-term relationships across the U.S. grounded on sound principles and outstanding client experiences."The word optimum means create the most favorable conditions for growth."

News and Insight


Client Login








GrowthOptimum emphasizes fundamental top-down and bottom-up research and focuses on long-term results. Quality, consistency and predictability are central themes in our portfolio holdings and asset allocation.While we take our responsibility to enhance wealth through growth very seriously, we also maintain a rigorous practice of tax efficiency as a cornerstone to our capital preservation foundation.







CollaborationWe involve clients in our decisions and mutually develop an investment plan to manage your goals.We use our investment process to collaborate with you on a investment plan tailored to your needs and accomplish your goals.  We believe in following a unique method of tailoring portfolios to meet the individual investor objectives.







Customized SolutionsWe do not believe that model portfolios or, one size fits all, is consistent with our mission to provide a high level of client service and customization to each portfolio.Because each client has a unique set of goals and objectives, Optimum constructs each portfolio one holding and one asset class at a time. 


Disclosure Statement




33 North LaSalle Street, Suite 3700, Chicago, IL 60602  312-782-1515                      Optimum Investment Advisors, LLC is an SEC Registered Investment Advisor



















Customized Solutions — Optimum Investment Advisors































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here















Customized Solutions








Investment Process


Customized Solutions


Why Optimum?
Customized SolutionsWe do not believe that model portfolios or, one size fits all, is consistent with our mission to provide a high level of client service and customization to each portfolio. While we take our responsibility to enhance wealth through growth very seriously, we also maintain a rigorous practice of tax efficiency as a cornerstone to our capital preservation foundation.Optimum believes that a multi-asset class portfolio consisting of many different types of investments with exposure from non-US and US markets best fulfills the objectives of diversification, income, total return while reducing portfolio risk.Portfolios are tailored to each individual client’s needs for return, income and time horizon.Step One: Portfolio Goals Return RequirementsIncome NeedsRisk ToleranceStep Two: Investment Selection Tailor Investment Strategies to Achieve Client GoalsSelect Investment Choices Based Upon Client NeedsIdentify Asset Classes which Achieve GoalsEmphasis on Income and Risk ManagementIndentify Investment Alternatives, Managers, Funds and ETFsStep Three: Monitor Investments on a Ongoing Basis Monthly Holdings ReportsMonthly and Quarterly Characteristics ReportEstablish Expected Return RangeIdentify Key Economic Variables which Influence PerformanceContinually Review Alternative StrategiesSet Execution Targets





















Why Optimum? — Optimum Investment Advisors































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here















Why Optimum?








Investment Process


Customized Solutions


Why Optimum?
Why Optimum?Our Tenants of Investment Success• Our client confidence and trust is our most valuable asset. We believe in earning it each and every day.• We adhere to a disciplined time-tested investment philosophy which provides attractive risk-adjusted returns.• All of our client portfolios are individually managed as investment decisions must incorporate the impact of turnover, tax liabilities, capital and income requirements and propensity for risk.• We communicate and coordinate our investment counseling efforts with your other professional advisors to fine-tune your strategy. As your needs change our investment process evolves with you.• We are a fee based investment advisory firm with a modest fee structure. We believe our interests are aligned with our clients. As our clients succeed, our success will follow.





















Disclosure Statement — Optimum Investment Advisors































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here













This web-site is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of our investment services or performance. This web-site is in no way a solicitation or offer to sell securities or investment advisory services except, where applicable, in states where we are registered or where an exemption or exclusion from such registration exists. Information throughout this site, whether stock quotes, charts, articles, or any other statement or statements regarding market or other financial information, is obtained from sources which we, and our suppliers believe reliable, but we do not warrant or guarantee the timeliness or accuracy of this information. Nothing on this web-site should be interpreted to state or imply that past results are an indication of future performance. Neither we or our information providers shall be liable for any errors or inaccuracies, regardless of cause, or the lack of timeliness of, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the user. THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ANY INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS OR ANY 'LINKED' WEB-SITE."Optimum Investment Advisors, LLC is an SEC Registered Investment Advisor





















Our Team — Optimum Investment Advisors


































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here














Terry McCaffrey
CEO & Chairman
Mr. McCaffrey joined Optimum in 2009 and currently serves as its CEO and Chairman. Terry has worked in the investment and business community for over 30 years. Prior to joining Optimum, Terry was President and CEO of LaSalle Financial Services, the brokerage and insurance arm of LaSalle Bank Corporation. Prior to that role, Terry served as Group Head of Wealth Management Business at LaSalle Bank. Terry is also Chairman of the Board of Metropolitan Family Services, a 150 year old Social Services Agency serving over 55,000 families throughout the Chicago area with programs supporting Early Childhood, Employment, Legal Aid and Family Service counseling. Terry earned a BS in Economics from Northern Illinois University, 1983.H. Steel Bokhof, Jr.Vice Chairman & Portfolio Manager







Mr. Bokhof founded Optimum Investment Advisors with Andrew Goodwin in 1989. Steel currently serves as Vice-Chairman of the firm and Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Growth Strategy and member of the Investment Committee. With over 50 years of industry experience, Steel worked previously at Northern Trust Company, where he was Vice-President and Portfolio Manager in the institutional money management division. Prior to the Northern Trust, Steel held a management position with Investment Advisor Institutional Capital Corporation and spent eight years in Institutional Equity Sales with Salomon Brothers. Steel attended Kenyon College and received his BS/BA from Northwestern University in 1959.Andrew J. Goodwin, IIIVice Chairman and Portfolio Manager







Mr. Goodwin founded Optimum Investment Advisors with Steel Bokhof in 1989. He currently serves as Vice Chairman of the firm. He is also a Portfolio Manager and member of the Investment Committee. Andy has been actively involved in Chicago's investment and business community for over 40 years. He began his career at Smith Barney, and prior to co-founding the predecessor firm to Optimum Investment Advisors in 1989, spent ten years in Institutional Equity Sales with The First Boston Corporation. Andy received his BA from Princeton University in 1966 and received his MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, 1968. Andy is a Director of bible publisher Biblica, Inc and serves as Chairman of the Biblica Ministries Foundation.Keith F. Pinsoneault, CFAVice Chairman & Portfolio Manager







Mr. Pinsoneault joined Optimum in 1997 and currently serves as Vice Chairman of the firm. He is also a Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Growth Strategy and member of the Investment Committee. Keith has over 46 years of investment experience as an analyst, research director, head of capital markets and portfolio manager. Prior to joining Optimum in 1997, Keith served in senior executive capacities at several Wall Street brokerage firms, including President of Sutro & Co. and a Senior Portfolio Manager at Harris, Bretall, Sullivan and Smith in San Francisco. He earned a BA from Marquette University in 1969 and is a CFA charterholder.Loyal H. Hughes, Jr., CFAPortfolio ManagerMr. Hughes joined Optimum in 2003 and currently serves as Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Growth Strategy and member of the Investment Committee. Loyal has over 40 years of industry experience. Prior to joining Optimum, Loyal was Managing Director of Institutional Sales at H.C. Wainwright & Co., in San Francisco. Mr. Hughes has held senior positions in Institutional Equity Sales and investment research at firms including Bank of America, Wells Fargo Van Kasper & Company, Hambrecht & Quist and McCullough, Andrews & Cappiello, Inc. He received his BA from San Francisco State University in 1969, and an MA in Economics in 1972.  He is a CFA charterholder.David W. PoolePortfolio Manager







Mr. Poole joined Optimum in 1999 and currently serves as a Portfolio Manager.  David has over 40 years of industry experience. He spent the majority of his career as an equity analyst and portfolio manager with Sears Investment Management Company. After corporate restructuring at Sears, he established his own registered investment advisory firm, Appleton House Advisors, to serve a select group of individual high net-worth clients. Mr. Poole received both his BA and MBA from Michigan State University.Michael J. FureyManaging Director







Mr. Furey joined Optimum in 2014. Prior to joining Optimum, as a Portfolio Manager, Michael provided financial advisory support to investors and fiduciary clients, having held senior positions at The Northern Trust (Chicago) for 28 years where he advised clients and served as a financial consultant and trust administrator. After retiring from The Northern, he was engaged principally in private law practice which focused on providing asset allocation and due diligence support to high net worth individuals and families. He received his BA from St. Mary’s University (MN); his MBA from Dominican University and his law degree from DePaul University College of Law, Chicago, IL. He maintains his license to practice law in Illinois and specializes on Optimum’s behalf in supporting investment clients and their third party advisors, i.e. their attorneys and tax counsel.Dave Holland, CFP®Managing Director







Dave has spent over thirty years in investment management and financial services working with high-net worth individuals to develop and implement investment strategies based on a careful analysis of each client’s individual objectives and risk appetite.  Prior to joining Optimum, Dave worked at The Northern Trust Company and UBS.  Dave received his BA in Economics from the University of Dallas and his MBA from the University of Southern California.  He earned his Certified Financial Planner designation in 2005.Mark W. Johnson, CFAManaging DirectorMark has more than 25 years of experience in the financial services industry, as a securities analyst, portfolio manager for institutional accounts, and financial advisor and portfolio manager for high net worth individuals and charitable organizations. Prior experience includes serving as a Senior Portfolio Manager for J.P Morgan, as a Senior Analyst and Assistant Portfolio Manager for FA Asset Management (an institutional hedge fund) and Senior Analyst at Calamos Investments, where he contributed to the equity and fixed income investment decisions of the firm.Mark holds a BA in Political Science and Economics from Southern Illinois University and an MBA in Finance and International Business from the University of Chicago.  Mark is also a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), a member of the CFA Institute.  He also holds the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Series 7, 31 and 66 licenses.Mark has lived in Naperville, IL with his wife and three children since 1996.  He currently serves on the Board of the Benet Academy Dad’s Club and on the finance committee of Naper Heritage Society, where he previously served as Treasurer and as a member of the board of directors.  He is an Adjunct Professor on the faculty of North Central College in Naperville, where he has lectured on finance and economics. His personal interests include music, history, travel and spending time with his family.  Kim W. SuchyManaging Director







Kim is Managing Director and is responsible for the design and implementation of investment strategies for high net worth, endowment, foundation and employee benefit clients. Kim also serves on the firm’s Investment Committee.Prior to joining Optimum, Kim spent 7 years at William Blair & Co., where he was responsible for managing and further developing investment relationships with private clients, foundations, pension and 401k clientele. Prior to this, Kim was Sr. Vice President at LaSalle Bank/ABN AMRO Wealth Management Group where he was responsible for client relations, business development and expanding the utilization of global open architecture investment programs.Kim has more than 25 years of investment management and analytical experience having had previous roles as Fixed Income Client Relationship Manager at Stein Roe & Farnham, Investment Manager of the $1.5B Blue Cross & Blue Shield pension plan and Director of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services at Central Maine Power Company.  Kim began his career as an Economist with Argonne National Laboratory/University of Chicago.Kim earned his BA in Economics from DePauw University, his MA in Economics from DePaul University and his MBA from Benedictine University.John J. Zielinski, CFA, CFP®Managing Director







John is a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager for Optimum Investment Advisors.  John has 36 years of investment experience, having spent the majority of that time at The Northern Company, where he was an Investment Counselor and Portfolio Manager. He held the distinction of being the lead portfolio manager on their flagship Growth Equity Mutual Fund, and he was also the Director of Investment Research.  John and his team departed Northern Trust to join Neuberger Berman, a New York based investment firm which was subsequently acquired by Lehman Brothers.  He most recently was a Financial Advisor with William Blair and Company.John holds an M.B.A from the Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, DePaul University and a B.S. in Finance from Trine University.  John is a Certified Financial Planner® and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.A lifelong Chicago area native, John and his wife Barbara reside in Frankfort and have two adult children.  John is involved in several philanthropic organizations, including Illinois Sportsmen Against Hunger, The Society of St. Vincent DePaul, The Epilepsy Foundation and serves on the board of Treatment Alternatives for Safe Communities.Joyce TaylorVice President of Administration








Joyce Taylor joined Optimum in November 2000, and currently serves as the firm’s Vice President of Administration, with responsibility for Back Office Operations, General Office Administration and Human Resources.  She is also actively involved in updating and overseeing polices regarding all phases of compliance, finance and HR.Prior to joining Optimum, Ms. Taylor was Controller of DBI Books, Inc, with responsibility of firm wide financial operations and Human Resources.Ms. Taylor attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and received her BA in English and Business Administration from Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, IN. Mylen KimuraPortfolio Administrator







Mylen S. Kimura joined Optimum in 1997 as an Operations Specialist where she was involved in the daily support of the Trading and Operations team.  In 1999 she joined the Client Services team as a Portfolio Administrator and is currently involved in the administrative support to the firm’s Portfolio Managers and directly to clients and other third party administrators.Prior to joining Optimum Investment Advisors, LLC, Ms Kimura was with Near North National Group as a Business Development and Marketing Specialist.      Barbara TrzebuniaPortfolio Administrator







Ms. Trzebunia joined Optimum in January 2011 and currently serves as a Portfolio Administrator providing administrative support to Portfolio Managers and clients.  Barbara arrived at Optimum having spent 7 years working with banking, investments and compliance as a Sales Associate at LaSalle Bank Wealth Management, Bank of America Premier Banking and Merrill Lynch.  During this time, she earned her Series 7 license and Registered Paraplanner designation.  Prior to banking and investing, Barbara provided 12 years of administrative support to executives and staff in industries such as accounting, real estate management, custodial services, natural gas storage, and oil and energy production.





















Contact Us — Optimum Investment Advisors


































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here













 To learn more about Optimum Investment Advisors, please contact: Terry McCaffreyCEO and Chairman312-456-3313 Office location and contact information: Corporate Headquarters33 North LaSalle StreetSuite 3700Chicago, IL 60602(P) 800-969-9676(F) 312-896-9071  





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!




















Optimum Investment Advisors : Top Money Managers  








Our Team — Optimum Investment Advisors


































Menu






33 North LaSalle, Suite 3700
Chicago, IL, 60602
312-782-1515


Vision. Insight. Diligence


Your Custom Text Here














Terry McCaffrey
CEO & Chairman
Mr. McCaffrey joined Optimum in 2009 and currently serves as its CEO and Chairman. Terry has worked in the investment and business community for over 30 years. Prior to joining Optimum, Terry was President and CEO of LaSalle Financial Services, the brokerage and insurance arm of LaSalle Bank Corporation. Prior to that role, Terry served as Group Head of Wealth Management Business at LaSalle Bank. Terry is also Chairman of the Board of Metropolitan Family Services, a 150 year old Social Services Agency serving over 55,000 families throughout the Chicago area with programs supporting Early Childhood, Employment, Legal Aid and Family Service counseling. Terry earned a BS in Economics from Northern Illinois University, 1983.H. Steel Bokhof, Jr.Vice Chairman & Portfolio Manager







Mr. Bokhof founded Optimum Investment Advisors with Andrew Goodwin in 1989. Steel currently serves as Vice-Chairman of the firm and Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Growth Strategy and member of the Investment Committee. With over 50 years of industry experience, Steel worked previously at Northern Trust Company, where he was Vice-President and Portfolio Manager in the institutional money management division. Prior to the Northern Trust, Steel held a management position with Investment Advisor Institutional Capital Corporation and spent eight years in Institutional Equity Sales with Salomon Brothers. Steel attended Kenyon College and received his BS/BA from Northwestern University in 1959.Andrew J. Goodwin, IIIVice Chairman and Portfolio Manager







Mr. Goodwin founded Optimum Investment Advisors with Steel Bokhof in 1989. He currently serves as Vice Chairman of the firm. He is also a Portfolio Manager and member of the Investment Committee. Andy has been actively involved in Chicago's investment and business community for over 40 years. He began his career at Smith Barney, and prior to co-founding the predecessor firm to Optimum Investment Advisors in 1989, spent ten years in Institutional Equity Sales with The First Boston Corporation. Andy received his BA from Princeton University in 1966 and received his MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, 1968. Andy is a Director of bible publisher Biblica, Inc and serves as Chairman of the Biblica Ministries Foundation.Keith F. Pinsoneault, CFAVice Chairman & Portfolio Manager







Mr. Pinsoneault joined Optimum in 1997 and currently serves as Vice Chairman of the firm. He is also a Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Growth Strategy and member of the Investment Committee. Keith has over 46 years of investment experience as an analyst, research director, head of capital markets and portfolio manager. Prior to joining Optimum in 1997, Keith served in senior executive capacities at several Wall Street brokerage firms, including President of Sutro & Co. and a Senior Portfolio Manager at Harris, Bretall, Sullivan and Smith in San Francisco. He earned a BA from Marquette University in 1969 and is a CFA charterholder.Loyal H. Hughes, Jr., CFAPortfolio ManagerMr. Hughes joined Optimum in 2003 and currently serves as Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Growth Strategy and member of the Investment Committee. Loyal has over 40 years of industry experience. Prior to joining Optimum, Loyal was Managing Director of Institutional Sales at H.C. Wainwright & Co., in San Francisco. Mr. Hughes has held senior positions in Institutional Equity Sales and investment research at firms including Bank of America, Wells Fargo Van Kasper & Company, Hambrecht & Quist and McCullough, Andrews & Cappiello, Inc. He received his BA from San Francisco State University in 1969, and an MA in Economics in 1972.  He is a CFA charterholder.David W. PoolePortfolio Manager







Mr. Poole joined Optimum in 1999 and currently serves as a Portfolio Manager.  David has over 40 years of industry experience. He spent the majority of his career as an equity analyst and portfolio manager with Sears Investment Management Company. After corporate restructuring at Sears, he established his own registered investment advisory firm, Appleton House Advisors, to serve a select group of individual high net-worth clients. Mr. Poole received both his BA and MBA from Michigan State University.Michael J. FureyManaging Director







Mr. Furey joined Optimum in 2014. Prior to joining Optimum, as a Portfolio Manager, Michael provided financial advisory support to investors and fiduciary clients, having held senior positions at The Northern Trust (Chicago) for 28 years where he advised clients and served as a financial consultant and trust administrator. After retiring from The Northern, he was engaged principally in private law practice which focused on providing asset allocation and due diligence support to high net worth individuals and families. He received his BA from St. Mary’s University (MN); his MBA from Dominican University and his law degree from DePaul University College of Law, Chicago, IL. He maintains his license to practice law in Illinois and specializes on Optimum’s behalf in supporting investment clients and their third party advisors, i.e. their attorneys and tax counsel.Dave Holland, CFP®Managing Director







Dave has spent over thirty years in investment management and financial services working with high-net worth individuals to develop and implement investment strategies based on a careful analysis of each client’s individual objectives and risk appetite.  Prior to joining Optimum, Dave worked at The Northern Trust Company and UBS.  Dave received his BA in Economics from the University of Dallas and his MBA from the University of Southern California.  He earned his Certified Financial Planner designation in 2005.Mark W. Johnson, CFAManaging DirectorMark has more than 25 years of experience in the financial services industry, as a securities analyst, portfolio manager for institutional accounts, and financial advisor and portfolio manager for high net worth individuals and charitable organizations. Prior experience includes serving as a Senior Portfolio Manager for J.P Morgan, as a Senior Analyst and Assistant Portfolio Manager for FA Asset Management (an institutional hedge fund) and Senior Analyst at Calamos Investments, where he contributed to the equity and fixed income investment decisions of the firm.Mark holds a BA in Political Science and Economics from Southern Illinois University and an MBA in Finance and International Business from the University of Chicago.  Mark is also a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), a member of the CFA Institute.  He also holds the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Series 7, 31 and 66 licenses.Mark has lived in Naperville, IL with his wife and three children since 1996.  He currently serves on the Board of the Benet Academy Dad’s Club and on the finance committee of Naper Heritage Society, where he previously served as Treasurer and as a member of the board of directors.  He is an Adjunct Professor on the faculty of North Central College in Naperville, where he has lectured on finance and economics. His personal interests include music, history, travel and spending time with his family.  Kim W. SuchyManaging Director







Kim is Managing Director and is responsible for the design and implementation of investment strategies for high net worth, endowment, foundation and employee benefit clients. Kim also serves on the firm’s Investment Committee.Prior to joining Optimum, Kim spent 7 years at William Blair & Co., where he was responsible for managing and further developing investment relationships with private clients, foundations, pension and 401k clientele. Prior to this, Kim was Sr. Vice President at LaSalle Bank/ABN AMRO Wealth Management Group where he was responsible for client relations, business development and expanding the utilization of global open architecture investment programs.Kim has more than 25 years of investment management and analytical experience having had previous roles as Fixed Income Client Relationship Manager at Stein Roe & Farnham, Investment Manager of the $1.5B Blue Cross & Blue Shield pension plan and Director of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services at Central Maine Power Company.  Kim began his career as an Economist with Argonne National Laboratory/University of Chicago.Kim earned his BA in Economics from DePauw University, his MA in Economics from DePaul University and his MBA from Benedictine University.John J. Zielinski, CFA, CFP®Managing Director







John is a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager for Optimum Investment Advisors.  John has 36 years of investment experience, having spent the majority of that time at The Northern Company, where he was an Investment Counselor and Portfolio Manager. He held the distinction of being the lead portfolio manager on their flagship Growth Equity Mutual Fund, and he was also the Director of Investment Research.  John and his team departed Northern Trust to join Neuberger Berman, a New York based investment firm which was subsequently acquired by Lehman Brothers.  He most recently was a Financial Advisor with William Blair and Company.John holds an M.B.A from the Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, DePaul University and a B.S. in Finance from Trine University.  John is a Certified Financial Planner® and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.A lifelong Chicago area native, John and his wife Barbara reside in Frankfort and have two adult children.  John is involved in several philanthropic organizations, including Illinois Sportsmen Against Hunger, The Society of St. Vincent DePaul, The Epilepsy Foundation and serves on the board of Treatment Alternatives for Safe Communities.Joyce TaylorVice President of Administration








Joyce Taylor joined Optimum in November 2000, and currently serves as the firm’s Vice President of Administration, with responsibility for Back Office Operations, General Office Administration and Human Resources.  She is also actively involved in updating and overseeing polices regarding all phases of compliance, finance and HR.Prior to joining Optimum, Ms. Taylor was Controller of DBI Books, Inc, with responsibility of firm wide financial operations and Human Resources.Ms. Taylor attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and received her BA in English and Business Administration from Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, IN. Mylen KimuraPortfolio Administrator







Mylen S. Kimura joined Optimum in 1997 as an Operations Specialist where she was involved in the daily support of the Trading and Operations team.  In 1999 she joined the Client Services team as a Portfolio Administrator and is currently involved in the administrative support to the firm’s Portfolio Managers and directly to clients and other third party administrators.Prior to joining Optimum Investment Advisors, LLC, Ms Kimura was with Near North National Group as a Business Development and Marketing Specialist.      Barbara TrzebuniaPortfolio Administrator







Ms. Trzebunia joined Optimum in January 2011 and currently serves as a Portfolio Administrator providing administrative support to Portfolio Managers and clients.  Barbara arrived at Optimum having spent 7 years working with banking, investments and compliance as a Sales Associate at LaSalle Bank Wealth Management, Bank of America Premier Banking and Merrill Lynch.  During this time, she earned her Series 7 license and Registered Paraplanner designation.  Prior to banking and investing, Barbara provided 12 years of administrative support to executives and staff in industries such as accounting, real estate management, custodial services, natural gas storage, and oil and energy production.

















Optimum Advisors









 
| English |
Español |
Português |
|  Contact us  |



 
 



We aim to preserve, safeguard and grow our clients' assets through the provision of bespoke solutions tailored to meet their requirements.





 
 


 
Wealth
          Management


 
Private 
          Equity











Optimum Advisors is an asset management firm offering investment solutions and products to a select group of institutions, individuals and family offices.
Optimum Advisors is managed by an experienced team of professionals who focus on providing clients advice on traditional investments, alternative assets and private equity.
The firm also develops, structures and co-invests with its clients in a variety of private equity opportunities.
Founded in 2008, Optimum Advisors is an independent investment management organization whose primary objectives are the long term preservation and the enhancement of clients capital.
Optimum advises and provides a range of specialized, market leading solutions in the following areas:
                  · Asset Management
                  · Real Estate
                · Private Equity












Optimum Advisors 2014. 
          All rights reserved. 


 


Home
Contact us
Wealth Management 
about


Private Equity


 
Farms


 
 
about
investment strategy
investment process
gallery





Food Processors


 
about





Technology and Media


 
about





Real Estate


 
about





Asset Management


 
w1capital.com










	OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS Trademark of GRAVER, BOKHOF, GOODWIN & SULLIVAN, L.P.. Serial Number: 76051101 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS










 
Get FREE email alerts













OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS  Trademark Information
 GRAVER, BOKHOF, GOODWIN & SULLIVAN, L.P.
Registered Investment Advisor; Investment Advisory Services; Asset Management; Portfolio Management; Investment Management; Financial Planning; Financial Services; Risk Management; Financial Security; Retirement Planning; Estate Planning and Investment Planning




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
registered   investment   advisor   investment   advisory   services   asset   management   portfolio   management   investment   management   financial   planning   financial   services   risk   management   financial   security   retirement   planning   estate   planning   investment   planning    
                                    




This is a brand page for the OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark by GRAVER, BOKHOF, GOODWIN & SULLIVAN, L.P. 
                                in Chicago, , 60606.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner GRAVER, BOKHOF, GOODWIN & SULLIVAN, L.P. of the OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark.
                           






On Thursday, May 18, 2000,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS by 
                        GRAVER, BOKHOF, GOODWIN & SULLIVAN, L.P., Chicago 60606.
                        The USPTO has given the OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS 
                        trademark serial  number of  76051101.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS is 
                        
                        
                                            DONALD R. LORENZEN of 
                                            HOLLEB & COFF,  55 EAST MONROE STREET, SUITE 4000, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60603 
                                .
                            The OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS 
                            is Registered Investment Advisor; Investment Advisory Services; Asset Management; Portfolio Management; Investment Management; Financial Planning; Financial Services; Risk Management; Financial Security; Retirement Planning; Estate Planning and Investment Planning. 
                            





Word mark:
 OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

7/16/2001






  Serial Number:  
76051101


  Filing Date:  
5/18/2000


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Registered Investment Advisor; Investment Advisory Services; Asset Management; Portfolio Management; Investment Management; Financial Planning; Financial Services; Risk Management; Financial Security; Retirement Planning; Estate Planning and Investment Planning


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

GRAVER, BOKHOF, GOODWIN & SULLIVAN, L.P.Chicago 60606
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DONALD R. LORENZEN
HOLLEB & COFF
55 EAST MONROE STREET, SUITE 4000
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60603






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/16/2001
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DONALD R. LORENZEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search optimuminvestmentadv on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS 




OPTIMUM INVESTMENT ADVISORS is providing Registered Investment Advisor; Investment Advisory Services; Asset Management; Portfolio Management; Investment Management; Financial Planning; Financial Services; Risk Management; Financial Security; Retirement Planning; Estate Planning and Investment Planning.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


































Optimum Market Portfolios - Mutual Fund

































 MENU

LOG IN
 



File a Claim

Financial Professionals

Contact us

Careers

Register



Log in








 Your Goals 

Personal Goals

Retirement
Financial security
Saving for education
Life insurance protection
Saving and investing
Women's financial goals


Life's Events

Getting married
A new home
A new job
Becoming a parent
Starting a business


Life Events Cont...

Divorce
Disability/serious illness
Death of a spouse
Caring for aging parents


AXA Advisors

Discover how we can work together
Our process
Get started




 Products & Services

For you & your family

Life Insurance
Term Life Insurance
Whole Life Insurance
Universal Life Insurance
Indexed Universal Life Insurance
Variable Universal Life Insurance
Survivorship Life Insurance


Retirement

Retirement
Variable Annuities
Individual Retirement Accounts


Investments
Brokerage and Advisory Accounts
Mutual Funds


Through your employer

Retirement savings plans
403(b) plans
403(b) plans for educators

401(k) plans
457(b) plans



Benefit Plans

Benefit PlansVision, dental, life insurance and more
Find a provider




 For Employers

Your business goals

Starting a business
Growing a business
Business succession


Employee Plans

Benefit plans
Dental
Vision
Life
Short-Term Disability
Long-Term Disability



Employee plans cont...

Retirement plans


401(k) plans
403(b) plans
457(b) plans


Partner with us

Discover how we can help your organization
AXA Advisors





 Why AXA 

About AXA

What our clients say
Financial strength ratings
History
Newsroom
Careers


What we offer

Advice
Retirement
Life Insurance


AXA Advisors

Planning process
Why AXA Advisors


In the community

AXA Foundation and scholarships
Corporate responsibility
Diversity and inclusion









































Investments

Optimum Market Portfolios

Integrated asset allocation, fund selection and rebalancing






Select a State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




































Sophisticated Asset Allocation
Professional Money Management
Automatic Rebalancing

The Optimum Market Portfolios account packages a diverse series of mutual funds into a sophisticated asset allocation strategy that includes automatic portfolio rebalancing. It is designed to help investors meet their financial goals, while staying within a particular risk profile. Work with an AXA Advisors Financial Professional to create a personal risk profile.








Want more details on how this product may help you? Talk to a financial professional















Experience, balance, simplicity
Whether it’s building for retirement, establishing a legacy for loved ones or simply seeking wealth, we all invest with goals in mind.
Experience — The fund lineup in the Optimum Market Portfolios includes several money managers, who were selected based on the extensive experience they have in the asset classes they represent.
Balance — Keeping your investments on track is essential to a long-term strategy. The automatic rebalancing feature, standard in the Optimum Market Portfolios account, helps ensure that your portfolio stays on the course selected by you and your Financial Professional.
Simplicity — The Optimum Market Portfolios utilize in-depth research, providing you and your Financial Professional with a simple way to establish a professional asset allocation strategy suitable to your risk tolerance.
Automatic Rebalancing - you have just the tool you need to keep your portfolio in line with your target allocations. Based on your preference, investments within your portfolio are adjusted as needed on a quarterly, semiannual or annual basis.
For more information please explore our Optimum Markets Portfolio Client Brochure.










1 As the Optimum Funds' investment manager, Delaware Management Company, a series of Delaware Management Business Trust, has overall responsibility for the investment management of the Funds within the Optimum Market Portfolios, which includes recommending the Funds' sub-advisors and evaluating and monitoring each Fund and sub-advisor. Delaware has hired LPL Financial as a consultant to assist in ongoing investment reviews and in developing criteria by which Fund performance is measured. LPL Financial receives a consulting fee and sub-service agent fee based on invested assets. See the Optimum Funds Prospectus for details. Delaware Investments refers to Delaware Management Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including the Fund's distributor, Delaware Distributors, L.P. Delaware Investments is a member of Macquarie Group, which refers to Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.
2 Delaware Investments refers to Delaware Management Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including the Funds' distributor, Delaware Distributors, L.P. Delaware Investments is a member of Macquarie Group, which refers to Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.
3 LPL Financial receives a consulting fee and sub-service agent fee based on invested assets. See the funds' prospectus for details. 
All Optimum Funds are offered by prospectus only. Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks and charges and expenses carefully before investing in a mutual fund. Prospectuses, which may be obtained from your Financial Professional, contain this and other information about the mutual fund and should be read carefully before investing.
Investments in the Optimum Market Portfolios are subject to market risk, will fluctuate and may lose value. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against loss in a declining market.
AXA Advisors and LPL Financial do not provide legal or tax advice. Please review AXA Advisors' and LPL Financial’s Form ADV Part 2 (“Brochure”) prior to investing.AXA Advisors, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, serves as the introducing broker/dealer and LPL Financial, member FINRA/SIPC, serves as the clearing broker/dealer for brokerage accounts. AXA Advisors, LLC serves as an investment advisor and LPL Financial serves as the principal sponsor, an investment advisor and the broker/dealer for the LPL Financial investment advisory programs offered through AXA Advisors' Financial Professionals. AXA Advisors and its Financial Professionals are not affiliated with LPL Financial. To access the LPL Financial Privacy Policy, which outlines how information is collected and used and provides the measures LPL Financial takes to safeguard that information, click here.
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company (AXA Equitable) New York, NY, is an affiliate of AXA Advisors, LLC.GE-90385 (01/2016)












 Find a financial professional













Have a financial professional contact you:























I'm interested in...
Annuities
Business Planning
Education Planning
Estate Planning
Investing and Brokerage Services
Life Insurance
Retirement Planning
Other



Submit All fields are required





Or, find a financial professional near you:
Search
Already working with a financial professional?Login for contact information.
Log in



















            	Contact us 888-AXA-INFO (292-4636)










Link to Facebook
Link to Twitter">
Link to LinkedIn











"AXA" is the brand name of AXA Equitable Financial Services, LLC and its family of companies, including AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company (NY,NY), MONY Life Insurance Company of America (AZ stock company, administrative office: Jersey City, N.J.), AXA Advisors, LLC (member FINRA, SIPC), and AXA Distributors, LLC (member SIPC). AXA S.A. is a French holding company for a group of international insurance and financial services companies, including AXA Equitable Financial Services, LLC. The obligations of AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company and MONY Life Insurance Company of America are backed solely by their claims-paying ability.

&copy 1999-2017 AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company

1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10104



Online Privacy and Security

Usage Agreement


GE-107714(09/15)























Optimum Investment Advisors












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Optimum Investment Advisors, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Optimum Investment Advisors

Company Information:Name:Optimum Investment AdvisorsAddress:100 South Wacker DriveSuite 2100Chicago, IL 10166Phone:(312)782-1515Website:www.optimuminvestment.comCompany Products:Large Cap Core EquityMid Cap Core Equity


Optimum Investment Advisors Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets







































Optimum Investment Advisors in Burlingame, CA 94010 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Burlingame
» Specialized Insurance
» Optimum Investment Advisors













Optimum Investment Advisors


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





111 Anza Blvd Ste 212 Ste 212 Burlingame, California 94010


(650) 375-7100
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Optimum Investment Advisors is located at the address 111 Anza Blvd Ste 212 in Burlingame, California 94010.  They can be contacted via phone at (650) 375-7100 for pricing, hours and directions.  Optimum Investment Advisors has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Carlyle  Madden, Portfolio Administrator or  go to www.optimuminvestment.comOptimum Investment Advisors provides Family Wealth Planning, Income Planning, Financial Management to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Optimum Investment Advisors view the map to the right.  For reviews of Optimum Investment Advisors see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Short-Term Policies
, Family Policies
, Retirement Plans
, Futures
, Corporate Bonds
, Tax Free Investments
, Municipal Bonds
, Mutual Funds
, Agency Bonds
, Money Markets



SERVICES


Banking
, Private Banking
, Cash Management
, Financial Management
, Financial Services
, Family Wealth Planning
, Insurance
, Income Planning
, Individual Services
, Short Term Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (650) 375-7100
Website: www.optimuminvestment.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 150000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Insurance
Investments & Securities
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


National Financial Svcs Llc


1411 Chapin Ave  Burlingame, California 94010




Bezazian Michael CLU


1499 Bayshore Hwy Ste 114 114 Ste Burlingame, California 94010





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Carlyle  Madden
PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Christopher  Demonte
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



David  Poole
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Jeff  Sorrentino
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Kenneth  Anderson
PRESIDENT AND TRUSTEE
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Kevin P Scullion
PARTNER AND PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Marvin  Swentkofske
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: 650375 710 
 



Matt  Lux
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Michael  Shea
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OFFICER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Thomas  Czech
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Heather  Wolfe
MARKETING ASSOCIATE
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Karen  Kabarec
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Kristine  Brady
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Marie  Lorden
RESEARCH ANALYST
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Mary  Pierson
CO-MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Meredith  Camp
NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Henry  Bokhof

Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Michael  Winkle
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Roger  Weissenberg
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Ross a Williams
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Stuart  Bilton
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Tom  Lajeone
OPERATIONS SPECIALIST
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Tony  Smith

Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Christine  Quillian
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



Cynthia  Bolender
PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR
Phone: (650) 375-7104 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM





















 







Optimum | Independent Financial Advisers | Finance Advice | Planning









































Twitter
LinkedIn






Optimum 
Independent Financial Advisers
Wealth ManagementInvestment PlanningPension PlanningRetirement OptionsSpecialist Tax AdviceProtection PoliciesMortgage Advice







Optimum Financial Advice
The financial regulator, the ‘Financial Conduct Authority’ designates that there are two different types of financial advisers, ‘independent’ and ‘restricted’. The status of an adviser firm will affect the type of advice that is given. A restricted adviser firm can only recommend certain products or product providers, whereas an independent adviser firm, such as Optimum, is able to consider and recommend all types of retail investment products and/or providers that could best meet clients needs and objectives. Optimum Independent Financial Advisers offers genuine unbiased and unrestricted advice. 
Find Out More




Contact an Independent Financial Adviser on
01206 366700


“Optimum are a fantastic professional company, nothing is too much trouble”
Stuart Phillips 


"Optimum provide a first class service and great advice" 
Hilary Clarke


Contact an Independent Financial Adviser on
01206 366700


"Always very professional and on the end of a phone whenever required”
Clive Millard


“A truly professional outfit offering sound comprehensible advice"
Chris Neal


Contact an Independent Financial Adviser on
01206 366700


"Optimum are highly competent & efficient. I value the advice that they give”
Peter Drew








Optimum Client Focus
Optimum Independent Financial Advisers are based in St Peters Court, Colchester, just outside the town centre. An initial meeting is offered entirely at Optimum's expense and totally without obligation. All client meetings are held in private rooms and free parking is provided directly outside the office. Optimum will provide bespoke advice and solutions for specific financial products or holistic financial planning. Optimum's business ethic is founded on treating customers fairly and building long term client relationships as a result. Regular reviews and updates as part of an ongoing service proposition are available to clients at their discretion.
Contact Us















News and Updates from Optimum Independent Financial Advisers
The financial world is ever changing, ever evolving, ever challenging. Investment opportunities, pension legislation, taxation, mortgage rates and so much more can vary year on year. This financial evolution is often more than just ongoing irrelevant news, it can affect all our lives. Optimum's raison d'être is to help clients manage these changes on a personal level and to provide appropriate advice when required. The Optimum blog is designed to bring general financial news, topics and opportunities to the attention of our existing and prospective clients.
View The Optimum Blog or Follow Us On Twitter







Don’t Leave Home Without It


July 21, 2017 • Protection  by Gary Naylor



There are some things that you hear so often that you don’t actually have to hear the whole thing to know exactly what’s coming next. You can catch the end, the middle or the beginning and you know what’s missing. A few bars of your favourite piece…
Read More





Don’t waste any more seconds, invest them


July 18, 2017 • Mortgages  by Gary Naylor



Each day is just 86,400 seconds long. That makes every one of them seem all the more precious don`t you think? If every second were a £1.00 or even 50 pence we might think differently about how we spend each one. Moving house, remortgaging or raising equity…
Read More















@OptimumIFA



									Read our new #blog on how you cannot rely on state benefits & why #protecting your #income is so important 

#IFA… https://t.co/SDVd90qfjw








											3 days ago
											












@OptimumIFA



									Read our new #blog on how you can invest your time more wisely when it comes to arranging your #mortgage. 

#IFA… https://t.co/rkY7d3gUC3








											6 days ago
											



Follow Us On Twitter

 











