


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







Option 13 Partners, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Hull Capital Advisors, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Option 13 Partners, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Hull Capital Advisors, Llc 63 Forest Avenue, Suite 6 B 
    Locust Valley, NY, 11560Phone: 212-333-4800 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-18


Amended


$2,250,000


$250,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-11-19


New


$2,000,000


$2,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Hull Capital Advisors, Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Hull Capital Strategies, Lp 
 Executive, Promoter 










 

Enterprise Products Partners LPChange company Symbol lookupSelect an option...EPD Enterprise Products Partners LPCHWWF Chesswood Group LtdATGE Adtalem Global Education IncX United States Steel CorpLPCN Lipocine IncSTL Sterling BancorpBKFS Black Knight Financial Services IncDF Dean Foods CoLVLT Level 3 Communications IncFEYE FireEye IncGoEnergy : Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels | Large Cap ValueCompany profileEnterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company's segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. The Company's midstream energy operations include natural gas gathering, treating, processing, transportation and storage; NGL transportation, fractionation, storage, and import and export terminals, including liquefied petroleum gas (LPG); crude oil gathering, transportation, storage and terminals; petrochemical and refined products transportation, storage, export and import terminals, and related services, and a marine transportation business that operates primarily on the United States inland and Intracoastal Waterway systems. New! Enhance the way you research investment opportunities with Social Signals, a one of a kind trading resource that pulls insights from Twitter. Watch the demo videoPriceDelayed$27.07Day's Change-0.115 (-0.42%)Bid--Ask--B/A Size--Day's High27.35Day's Low26.96Volume(Average)Today's volume of 3,030,681 shares is on pace to be in-line with EPD's 10-day average volume of 3,589,812 shares.3,030,681July 27, 2017 3:08pm ETHistorical quotes & splitsGreenfield Midstream Announces $300 Million Equity Commitment from EnCap Flatrock Midstream9:15 am ET July 11, 2017 (BusinessWire) PrintGreenfield 
      Midstream, LLC ("Greenfield") today announced it has secured an 
      initial $300 million equity commitment from EnCap 
      Flatrock Midstream. Headquartered in Houston and established in 
      2017, Greenfield Midstream is a privately held energy company focused on 
      the organic development of midstream infrastructure across North 
      America. Services include natural gas gathering, processing, treating 
      and compression; crude oil gathering and transportation; water handling; 
      and product marketing. Greenfield is pursuing select acquisition 
      opportunities.
The management team includes co-founders CEO Jeremy Ham, COO Patrick 
      Brierley, Vice President of Business Development Chris Coxon and Vice 
      President of Finance Henry Coulter. The Greenfield team brings strong 
      industry experience from companies such as DCP Midstream, LP (NYSE: 
      DCP), Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE: EPD), Noble Midstream 
      Partners LP (NYSE: NBLX), Marlin Midstream Partners, LP (now Azure 
      Midstream Partners, LP) and Azure Midstream Energy, LLC and an 
      impressive track record of value creation in every major oil and gas 
      basin in the nation.
CEO Perspective
"Our goal is to develop midstream assets that are tailored to fit 
      producer needs and maximize stakeholder value," Greenfield CEO Jeremy 
      Ham said. "EnCap Flatrock brings the capital we need to move rapidly, 
      strong financial acumen and a deep understanding of the development and 
      operation of midstream assets. Because the firm has such a strong 
      reputation and track record in our space, EnCap Flatrock was our first 
      and only stop for a financial partner."
From EnCap Flatrock Midstream
"We are thrilled to partner with Greenfield Midstream," said EnCap 
      Flatrock Midstream Partner Dennis McCanless, a member of the Greenfield 
      board of directors. "We have the utmost confidence in the Greenfield 
      management team. They have earned the trust and respect of many of the 
      nation's leading producers and have outstanding technical and 
      operational skills. We look forward to working alongside them to grow 
      the business."
Advisers
Greenfield Midstream was advised by Vinson & Elkins LLP. The team was 
      led by partner Matthew Strock from the firm's Houston office. Thompson & 
      Knight LLP represented EnCap Flatrock Midstream with partner Sarah E. 
      McLean leading the legal team from the firm's Houston office.
About Greenfield Midstream, LLC
Greenfield Midstream is an independent energy company formed in 2017 and 
      focused on the organic development of midstream assets across North 
      America. The company is also pursuing select acquisition opportunities. 
      Services include natural gas gathering, processing, treating and 
      compression; crude oil gathering and transportation; water handling; and 
      product marketing.
Based in Houston, Greenfield is led by a seasoned management team with 
      strong technical and operational skills, a history of delivering 
      projects on time and on budget and a proven track record of value 
      creation for its stakeholders. The team has experience in every major 
      basin in the nation -- experience that has earned the trust and respect 
      of the producer community. For more information please visit www.greenfieldmidstream.com.
About EnCap Flatrock Midstream
EnCap Flatrock Midstream provides value-added private equity capital to 
      proven management teams focused on midstream infrastructure 
      opportunities across North America. The firm was formed in 2008 by a 
      partnership between EnCap 
      Investments L.P. and Flatrock Energy Advisors. Based in San Antonio 
      with offices in Oklahoma City and Houston, EnCap Flatrock manages 
      investment commitments of nearly $6 billion from a broad group of 
      institutional investors. EnCap Flatrock is currently making commitments 
      to new management teams from EFM Fund III, a $3 billion fund. Visit www.efmidstream.com 
      for more information.
http://cts.businesswire.com/ct/CT?id=bwnews&sty=20170711005587r1&sid=cmtx6&distro=nx&lang=en
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170711005587/en/
SOURCE: Greenfield Midstream, LLC

TEN|10 Group 
Casey Nikoloric 
303.433.4397, x101 o 
303.507.0510 m 
casey.nikoloric@ten10group.com
Earnings Calendar and Events Data provided by |Terms of Use| © 2017 Wall Street Horizon, Inc.Market data accompanied by  is delayed by at least 15 minutes for NASDAQ, NYSE MKT, NYSE, and options. Duration of the delay for other exchanges varies.Market data and information provided by SunGard.Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may 
						expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses.Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standard Options before investing in options.Information and news provided by ,  Computrade Systems, Inc.,, , , and  Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.3rd Party Research Disclosure




Option 13 Partners, LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Option 13 Partners, LP  Financing
Option 13 Partners, LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite equity financing.  This is a new filing. Option 13 Partners, LP was able to sell $2,000,000. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $500,000. The financing document was filed on 2015-11-19. Option 13 Partners, LP is based in  HULL CAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 63 FOREST AVENUE, SUITE 6B LOCUST VALLEY 11560. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  - Hull Capital Advisors, LLC.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001658685




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Option 13 Partners, LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Option 13 Partners, LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


HULL CAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC
8 EAST 48TH STREET, SUITE 4E


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


NEW YORK
NEW YORK
10017
212-333-4800


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Hull Capital Advisors, LLC
-
-


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

8 East 48th Street, Suite 4E

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


New York
NEW YORK
10017



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
General Partner


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Hull Capital Strategies, LP
-
-


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

8 East 48th Street, Suite 4E

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


New York
NEW YORK
10017



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Investment Manager
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2015-10-01

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$500,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$2,000,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

X
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

X
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

X
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The Investment Manager receives customary management fees as provided in the Issuer's offering documents.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Option 13 Partners, LP
/s/ J. Mitchell Hull
J. Mitchell Hull
Managing Member of the General Partner
2015-11-19


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Option 13 Partners, LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-18Amended Form DIndefinite$2,250,000Indefinite$0206b 3C 3C.1[view]2015-11-19New Form DIndefinite$2,000,000Indefinite$500,000106b 3C 3C.1[view]
Option 13 Partners, LP List of Executives- Hull Capital Advisors, LLC, - Hull Capital Advisors, LLC, - Hull Capital Strategies, LP, - Hull Capital Strategies, LP











Last visited: Shared Performance, LLC, Shield Holdco LLC, Sight Machine, Inc., Signal Capital, LLC, Somete Fund, LLC

								© 
							













 

Option 13 Partners Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/217995-option-13-partners-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=217995  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Option 13 Partners LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Option 13 Partners Lp gets funded!Option 13 Partners LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 19th, 2015$2,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Option 13 Partners Lp gets funded?Key people- Hull Capital Advisors, LLCExecutive Officer, Promoter- Hull Capital Strategies, LPExecutive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!
































Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Williams Partners LP Implied Price Swing Hits A Substantially Lowered Level



















            news.cmlviz.com
        


menu



share





        
            News Home     
        


   
             Apple 
        


   
             Facebook 
        


   
             Tesla 
        


   
             Amazon 
        


   
             Google 
        


   
             Archive 
        


        
            Our Authors 
        


   
             Contact
        













 












Williams Partners LP, WPZ, risk, volatility















Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Williams Partners LP Implied Price Swing Hits A Substantially Lowered Level


Williams Partners LP (NYSE:WPZ)   Risk Hits A Substantially Lowered Level
	Date Published:
	
		2017-07-24	


Risk Malaise Alert -- Not How You Might Think:
		
		Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Williams Partners LP (NYSE:WPZ)  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is reflecting a sort of risk malaise, for now, an IV30 of 23.34% versus the IV30 of the S&P 500 at 7.68%. The annual high for Williams Partners LP IV30 is 43.64% -- and we're below that level. The alert here is low vol.
		




		One thing to note beyond the risk malaise alert, which we cover in the article, is that while implied volatility may be low, the real question that needs to be answered for option sellers is not if the implied vol is low, but rather if the realized volatility that is coming in the next 30 days will be lower than the option market is pricing.

		To skip ahead of this risk alert and see if buying or selling options has been a winner in Williams Partners LP, you can go here: Getting serious about option trading.
		
PREFACE

	This is a proprietary risk rating and risk alert system that looks forward for the next month -- or really 30 days to be exact -- and that includes weekends.  The system is based on multiple interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Williams Partners LP (NYSE:WPZ) .  The creator of this model is Capital Market Laboratories (CMLviz.com). 
	







Option trading isn't about luck -- this four minute video will change your trading life forever:  Option Trading and Truth


	In the "Why This Matters" section at the end of this article on Williams Partners LP we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actually 
	a lot less "luck" in successful option trading than many people know. The whole concept of an "option trading expert" is vastly over complicated and we'll talk about how superior returns are earned.
	

	But first, let's turn back to WPZ and the company's risk rating:
	
		We also take a peek at the implied vol for the Energy ETF (XLE), our broad based proxy for WPZ.
		




SNAPSHOT SUMMARY



S&P 500 IV30    
7.68%



Nasdaq 100 IV30    
12.88%


XLE IV30    
15.03%





WPZ HV 30    
17.48%



WPZ Current IV30    
23.34%



52 Week Low IV30    
20.31%



52 Week High IV30    
43.64%




		The risk as reflected by the option market has hit 
		a substantially lowered level relative to the company's past. The option market reflects a 95% confidence interval stock price range of
		($38.50, $42.90) within the next 30 calendar days.
			
			
			
		
		While the option market risk rating is on the low side, we note that companies in this situation are still susceptible to sudden stock move risk, 
					it's simply the probability of that large stock move is depressed. Buyers of options and volatility may find these prices more attractive than at other times.
		
		
WPZ OPTION MARKET RISK

		The IV30® is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the next 30 calendar days -- it's forward looking. 
		Williams Partners LP shows an IV30 of 23.3%, which is a substantially lowered level for the company relative to its past.  

		
	

		The option market for WPZ has shown an IV30 annual low of 
		20.3% and an annual high of 43.6%, meaning that WPZ is at the 13% percentile right now. Here's a table of the data before we dig into the risk rating further.
		


WPZ  Current IV30    
WPZ   Low IV30    
WPZ   High IV30   


23.3%
20.3%
43.6%





		The implied stock swing risk from the option market is significantly tighter in the next 30 calendar days for Williams Partners LP (NYSE:WPZ)  than it has been on average for the year.		
		


		Further, if we look backwards, the stock has a realized 30-day historical volatility, called the HV30, of 17.48%.
		


		We have an unusual situation now where the IV30 is substantially depressed relative to the past, but even with that risk pricing, the option market reflects the likelihood of more stock movement in the next 30-days than it has in the last 30-days.

		Let's turn to a chart to see what's going on.

		
 
		

		Note how much higher the forward looking stock swing price risk for Williams Partners LP is priced (23.3%) compared to what happened just in the last 30-days (17.5%).
		
Williams Partners LP Risk Rating

		The WPZ risk rating is at 2, where the rating goes from one (the lowest risk) to five (the highest risk). The driving factors for the 2 rating are:
		
↪  The IV30 is below the 20th percentile.↪  The IV30 is below 30%.↪  The HV30 is below the 20th percentile.↪  The HV30 is below 30%.↪  The IV30 is above the HV30.↪  The stock has moved just -0.1% over the last 3-months which does indicate some depressed risk.	










x



The world's best options backtester.
   Watch the video.


 





Please read the legal disclaimers below.Legal The information contained on this site is provided for general informational purposes, as a convenience to the readers. The materials are not a substitute for obtaining professional advice from a qualified person, firm or corporation. Consult the appropriate professional advisor for more complete and current information. Capital Market Laboratories ("The Company") does not engage in rendering any legal or professional services by placing these general informational materials on this website.  The Company specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, including liability in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruptions in telecommunications connections to the site or viruses.  The Company make no representations or warranties about the accuracy or completeness of the information contained on this website. Any links provided to other server sites are offered as a matter of convenience and in no way are meant to imply that The Company endorses, sponsors, promotes or is affiliated with the owners of or participants in those sites, or endorse any information contained on those sites, unless expressly stated.  
























 
 

- Hull Capital Advisors, LLC's involvement in venture capital (via Option 13 Partners Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/233155--hull-capital-advisors-llcsection=people&subsection=detail&id=233155




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


-Hull Capital Advisors, LLCGet alertedif - Hull Capital Advisors, LLC gets funded!- Hull Capital Advisors, LLCOption 13 Partners Lp - Promoter, Executive OfficerDeals involving - Hull Capital Advisors, LLC$2,000,000 raised with Option 13 Partners Lp on November, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check - Hull Capital Advis... on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Option Chain - Stock Puts &amp; Calls - NASDAQ.com 




































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    CPLP > 
    Options Trading Center














Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Option Chain 


$3.84
*  
unch

unch
Get CPLP Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 27, 2017 15:08 ET  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading CPLP now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
Industry: Transportation 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    CPLP Real Time



















CPLP





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks













            Call and put options are quoted in a table called a chain sheet. The chain sheet shows the price, volume and open 
	        interest for each option strike price and expiration month.
	    











Option Chain
 | 
Most Actives
 | 
Greeks


CPLP Options:

Composite
CBO
AOE
NYO
PHO
MOE
BOX
ISE
BTO
NSO
C2O
BXO
MIAX


Calls & Puts
Calls
Puts


All (Moneyness)
In the Money
Out of the Money
Near the Money

Type:

All (Types)
Weekly
Monthly
Quarterly
CEBO







                Option Chain for Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP)
            

no option data





                                                Calls
                                                


                                                        "Calls" is an option that gives the holder the right to buy the underlying asset.
                                                    






                                                Last
                                                


                                                        "Last Sale" is the most recent trade.
                                                    






                                                Chg
                                                


                                                        "Change" is the difference between a day's last trade and the previous day's last trade.
                                                    






                                                Bid
                                                


                                                        "Bid" is the price a potential buyer is willing to pay for a security. Sometimes also used in the contect of takeovers where one corporation is bidding for (trying to buy) another corporation. In trading, we have the bid-ask spread which is the difference between what buyers are willing to pay and what sellers are asking for in terms of price.
                                                    






                                                Ask
                                                


                                                        "Ask" is the quoted ask, or the lowest price an investor will accept to sell a stock. Practically speaking, this is the quoted offer at which an investor can buy shares of stock; also called the offer price.
                                                    






                                                Vol
                                                


                                                        "Volume" is the daily number of shares of a security that change hands between a buyer and a seller. Also known as volume traded.
                                                    






                                               Open Int
                                                


                                                        "Open Interest" is the total number of derivatives contracts traded that have not yet been liquidated either by an offsetting derivative transaction or by delivery. 
                                                    




Root


                                                Strike
                                                


                                                        "Strike" is the index value at which the buyer of the option can buy or sell the underlying stock index. The strike index is converted to a dollar value by multiplying by the option's contract multiple.
                                                    






                                                Puts
                                                


                                                        "Put" is an option granting the right to sell the underlying futures contract. Opposite of a call.
                                                    






                                                Last
                                                


                                                        "Last Sale" is the most recent trade.
                                                    






                                                Chg
                                                


                                                        "Change" is the difference between a day's last trade and the previous day's last trade.
                                                    






                                                Bid
                                                


                                                        "Bid" is the price a potential buyer is willing to pay for a security. Sometimes also used in the contect of takeovers where one corporation is bidding for (trying to buy) another corporation. In trading, we have the bid-ask spread which is the difference between what buyers are willing to pay and what sellers are asking for in terms of price.
                                                    






                                                Ask
                                                


                                                        "Ask" is the quoted ask, or the lowest price an investor will accept to sell a stock. Practically speaking, this is the quoted offer at which an investor can buy shares of stock; also called the offer price.
                                                    






                                                Vol
                                                


                                                        "Volume" is the daily number of shares of a security that change hands between a buyer and a seller. Also known as volume traded.
                                                    






                                                Open Int
                                                


                                                        "Open Interest" is the total number of derivatives contracts traded that have not yet been liquidated either by an offsetting derivative transaction or by delivery. 
                                                    















Options Center

                Get Options Commentary, News and Trading suggestions from our Options Center.
                
                New to options investing? Be sure to check out our Options Trading Guide.
            
FX Options

New! You can view US Dollar settled currency options in the FX Options section.
                
                Select your currency below to get started:
            


Euro
Swiss Franc
Australian Dollar
Canadian Dollar
Japanese Yen
British Pound




                See also: Options Chain data entry page.
		    































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









