Marlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc.HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 34 mins.S&P 5002,469.25-8.58 (-0.35%)Dow 3021,753.32+42.31 (+0.19%)Nasdaq6,362.74-60.01 (-0.93%)Today's ChartsTODAY'S CHARTS: High expectations for Amazon earningsMarlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc.Business WireApril 28, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareLOS ANGELES & ORANGE, Conn. & MEMPHIS, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Marlin Equity Partners (“Marlin”), a global investment firm, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all outstanding shares of Tangoe, Inc. (TNGO) (“Tangoe”) for $6.50 per share in cash. Tangoe is a global leader in telecom expense management (“TEM”) solutions that enable enterprises to manage and optimize spend across multiple IT categories by providing visibility into the complex processes associated with their assets and expenses.“After careful consideration and deliberation, our Board of Directors concluded that the sale of Tangoe to Marlin was in the best interest of Tangoe and its shareholders,” said Jerry Kokos, Executive Chairman of Tangoe. “Given its deep bench of operational resources and excellent track record of acquiring and growing businesses in the TEM market, Marlin is an ideal partner for Tangoe. This transaction provides the opportunity for immediate and substantial value to Tangoe shareholders, while also allowing Tangoe greater flexibility to execute on its long-term strategic vision.”At closing, Marlin intends to combine Tangoe with its existing portfolio company Asentinel, a provider of TEM software and services. The combination would create a market leader managing more than $38 billion of IT and telecom spend on behalf of over 1,300 customers worldwide. The new company would operate under the Tangoe brand with Jim Foy continuing to serve as CEO, with Tim Whitehorn, CEO of Asentinel, serving as the Chief Product Officer.“We are excited about the opportunity to partner with Marlin and combine with Asentinel, and see tremendous benefit in combining Tangoe’s global scale and comprehensive offering with Asentinel’s heritage of technological innovation,” said Mr. Foy. “The breadth and depth of our combined product and service capabilities, delivered on a global scale, should enable us to provide a compelling value proposition to our customers,” added Mr. Whitehorn.“We look forward to working closely with the Tangoe and Asentinel teams to develop world-class solutions and drive customer success,” said Peter Chung, a principal at Marlin. “This agreement further supports Marlin’s long-term commitment to the TEM market and the value we believe these solutions deliver to customers.”Tangoe’s Board of Directors has approved and will recommend Marlin’s proposal to acquire all outstanding common shares of Tangoe not already owned by Marlin for $6.50 in cash per share, subject to various conditions. Under the terms of the merger agreement, an affiliate of Marlin is required to commence a tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Tangoe’s outstanding common stock at $6.50 per share in cash no later than May 12, 2017. The merger agreement also provides that, promptly after the closing of the tender offer, any shares not tendered in the tender offer will be acquired by Marlin in a second-step merger at the same cash price as paid in the tender offer. Closing of the tender offer and closing of the merger are subject to certain conditions, including the satisfaction of a minimum tender condition, completion of a 30-day go-shop period, expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, and other customary closing conditions. If certain of these conditions are not satisfied, the parties have the right under specified circumstances to elect to terminate the tender offer and solicit proxies from Tangoe’s stockholders for a stockholder vote to approve the merger agreement. Tangoe may terminate the merger agreement to accept a superior proposal, but in such cases Marlin would be entitled to receive a termination fee. If the transaction fails to close as a result of a financing failure, Tangoe is entitled to receive a reverse termination fee.The transaction is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2017. For further information regarding the terms and conditions contained in the definitive merger agreement, please see Tangoe’s Current Report on Form 8-K, which will be filed in connection with this transaction.Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP is acting as legal counsel to Marlin. Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. is acting as financial advisor to Tangoe and Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP is acting as legal counsel to Tangoe.Read MoreImportant Additional Information Will Be Filed with the SECThis press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Tangoe.At the time the tender offer is commenced, Marlin will file with the SEC and mail to Tangoe’s stockholders a Tender Offer Statement and Tangoe will file with the SEC and mail to its stockholders a Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation Statement in connection with the transaction. These will contain important information about Marlin, Tangoe, the transaction and other related matters. Investors and security holders are urged to read each of these documents carefully when they are available.Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Tender Offer Statement, the Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Marlin and Tangoe through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents from Marlin or Tangoe by contacting: Okapi Partners LLC, Attn: Pat McHugh, 1212 Avenue of the Americas, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10036, or by telephone toll free at (877) 305-0857 or collect at (212) 297-0720; or Tangoe, Inc., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 35 Executive Boulevard, Orange, Connecticut 06477, or by telephone at (203) 859-9300.Tangoe plans to file with the SEC and, under certain circumstances, mail to its stockholders a Proxy Statement in connection with the transaction. The Proxy Statement will contain important information about Marlin, Tangoe, the transaction and related matters. Investors and security holders are urged to read the Proxy Statement carefully when it is available.Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Marlin and Tangoe through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.In addition, investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement from Tangoe by contacting its Corporate Secretary.Marlin and Tangoe, and their respective directors and executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. As of April 25, 2017, Tangoe’s directors and executive officers beneficially owned approximately 960,078 shares, or 2.4%, of Tangoe’s common stock. In addition, Tangoe’s directors and executive officers are also parties to agreements with Tangoe pursuant to which they will be entitled to receive payments upon the consummation of the merger, as provided in the merger agreement. As of April 25, 2017, Marlin beneficially owned 4,094,599 shares, or approximately 10.4%, of Tangoe’s common stock. A more complete description of the interests of Tangoe’s directors and executive officers and any other participants in the solicitation will be available in the Proxy Statement.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this press release regarding the proposed transaction between Marlin, Asentinel and Tangoe, the expected timetable for completing the transaction, benefits and synergies of the transaction, future opportunities for the combined company and any other statements about Marlin, Asentinel or Tangoe managements’ future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or prospects constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact (including statements containing the words “believes,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “estimates,” and similar expressions) should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including: the ability to consummate the transaction, the ability of Asentinel to successfully integrate Tangoe’s operations and employees and the ability to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings. Except as otherwise required by law, Marlin, Asentinel and Tangoe disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this press release.About Marlin Equity PartnersMarlin Equity Partners is a global investment firm with over $6.7 billion of capital under management. The firm is focused on providing corporate parents, shareholders and other stakeholders with tailored solutions that meet their business and liquidity needs. Marlin invests in businesses across multiple industries where its capital base, industry relationships and extensive network of operational resources significantly strengthen a company’s outlook and enhance value. Since its inception, Marlin, through its group of funds and related companies, has successfully completed over 100 acquisitions. The firm is headquartered in Los Angeles, California with an additional office in London. For more information, please visit www.marlinequity.com.About TangoeTangoe, Inc. is a leading global provider of IT and Telecom Expense Management (TEM) software and related services to a wide range of global enterprises and service providers. Tangoe helps companies transform the management of IT assets, services, expenses, and usage to create business value, increase efficiency, and deliver a positive impact to the bottom line. Additional information about Tangoe can be found at www.tangoe.com.Tangoe is a registered trademark of Tangoe, Inc.About AsentinelAsentinel, a leading provider of Technology and Telecom Expense Management (TEM) and Mobility Managed Services (MMS), meets the needs of customers by providing lifecycle solutions delivered through a customer-focused, technology-driven SaaS platform. The company serves a growing client base of Global 2000, Fortune 1000 and multinational entities that rely on the power of TEM and MMS to reduce spend, automate processes, manage inventory and maximize business intelligence and actionable analytics. For more information, please visit www.asentinel.com.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170428005195/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextJP Morgan's top market guru just identified a chilling pattern in the stock marketYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderVerizon Q2 Revenue Flat as Wireless Unit Sales Decline 1.9% Despite Subcriber ReboundVarietyDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThrive Market CEO: socially conscious companies can change Big Food for the betterYahoo Finance VideoTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceTech, transport woes hit Wall StreetReutersA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsBusiness InsiderVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredAt least the US economy is better than it was a year ago: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoHow Microsoft wants to bring broadband to rural AmericansYahoo FinanceKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 5684










Orange Marlin Investments, L.P. - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Orange Marlin Investments, L.P.
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Orange Marlin Investments, L.P.. Find out Orange Marlin Investments, L.P. address and contact details. View other people related to Orange Marlin Investments, L.P. - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

645 FIFTH AVENUE, 21ST FLOOR  NEW YORK 10022 NY




Companies related to Orange Marlin Investments, L.P.
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001597503NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc.399 PARK AVENUE, 18TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10022




Orange Marlin Investments, L.P. on the Web
Persons related to Orange Marlin Investments, L.P. - NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc.NamePositionCitySTEPHEN E  CUMMINGSDirector STEPHEN E  CUMMINGSNEW YORKMICHAEL S  DELLDaniel R  GilbertChief Inv. And Op. Officer NEW YORKDaniel R  GilbertChief Inv. and Op. Officer NEW YORKDaniel R  GilbertChief Inv. and Op. Officer NEW YORKDAVID T  HAMAMOTOExecutive Chairman NEW YORKDAVID T  HAMAMOTONEW YORKDAVID T  HAMAMOTOChairman and CEO NEW YORKDAVID T  HAMAMOTONEW YORKJUDITH A  HANNAWAYDirector JUDITH A  HANNAWAYNEW YORKDEBRA ANN  HESSChief Financial Officer NEW YORK CITYDEBRA ANN  HESSChief Financial Officer NEW YORKDEBRA ANN  HESSNEW YORKOscar  JunqueraDirector NEW YORKOscar  JunqueraNEW YORKOscar  JunqueraDirector NEW YORKRonald J.  LiebermanEVP, GC and Secretary NEW YORKRonald J.  LiebermanEVP, GC and Secretary NEW YORKRonald J.  LiebermanEVP, GC and Secretary NEW YORKJustin  MetzDirector NEW YORKJustin  MetzDirector NEW YORKW D  MINAMIDirector DALLASW D  MINAMINEW YORKW D  MINAMIDirector NEW YORKMSD CAPITAL L P10% Owner NEW YORKMSD Sparrowhawk, L.P.NEW YORKMSD Torchlight, L.P.NEW YORKMSD Torchlight Partners (MM), L.P.NEW YORKMSDC Management, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKLOUIS J  PAGLIADirector NEW HAVENLOUIS J  PAGLIADirector NEW YORKLOUIS J  PAGLIANEW YORKAlbert  TylisCEO and President NEW YORKAlbert  TylisNEW YORKAlbert  TylisPresident NEW YORK












 
















Home | Marlin Equity











































Skip to content

















 





Marlin merges Digital Marketing Business acquired from Teradata with BlueHornet to form Mapp Digital



 




Marlin completes the acquisition of Edgenet, a cloud-based product content network and configuration software company



 




Marlin acquires Fidelis Cybersecurity from General Dynamics



  






MEET THE TEAM


LATEST NEWS


PORTFOLIO


SPOTLIGHT: CORPORATE DIVESTITURES


CASE STUDIES


SPOTLIGHT: SOFTWARE & TECHNOLOGY


CONTACT US
 



LATEST NEWS





MEET THE TEAM




PORTFOLIO




SPOTLIGHT: CORPORATE DIVESTITURES






CASE STUDIES




SPOTLIGHT: SOFTWARE & TECHNOLOGY




CONTACT US










Marlin Equity Partners is a global investment firm with over $6.7 billion of capital under management that is focused on providing corporate parents, shareholders and other stakeholders with tailored solutions that meet their business and liquidity needs. 





Marlin invests in businesses where our capital base, industry relationships and extensive network of operational resources significantly strengthen a company's outlook and enhance value. We have a long and successful track record of creating value by adhering to a core set of principles that has proven to be the cornerstone of our success:

Partnering with management to execute on strategies for long-term value creation
Accelerating growth through organic initiatives and strategic add-on acquisitions
Driving operational best practices and efficiencies
Catering to sellers' needs by offering speed, certainty and flexibility

 







Industry Focus


Investment Criteria


Transaction Types




Since inception, Marlin has completed over 100 acquisitions across the following industries:



Software & Technology




Services




Healthcare



Consumer




Industrial
 


Investment Criteria  

Marlin looks to acquire businesses that exhibit one or more of the following characteristics:



$10 million to $2 billion in revenue (current profitability is not a requirement)




Strong installed customer base with recurring revenue streams




Underutilized or non-core assets




Operating in a fragmented industry with opportunities for consolidation




Defensible market position with barriers to entry

 


Transaction Types
 








Corporate Divestitures



Growth Equity



Management Buyouts



Special Situations



Public to Privates
 
































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














MARLIN WOOD PRODUCTS,LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    MARLIN WOOD PRODUCTS,LLC











Company number L15000016520
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/28/2015
        

Principal Address
            6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, 32128
            


Mailing Address 6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, FL, 32128
        
MARLIN WOOD PRODUCTS,LLC Principals

M, G, R, M
                Postlethwait Lowell L
                 


Address
                6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, FL, 32128
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name POSTLETHWAIT        LOWELL        L (p)
        

Agent Address
                6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, FL, 32128
                

MARLIN WOOD PRODUCTS,LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2016
            

Description
MARLIN WOOD PRODUCTS,LLC has been set up 1/28/2015 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The MARLIN WOOD PRODUCTS,LLC principal adress is 6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, 32128. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, FL, 32128. 
The company`s registered agent is POSTLETHWAIT        LOWELL        L 6617 MERRYVALE LANE, PORT ORANGE, FL, 32128.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Postlethwait Lowell L. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/23/2016. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
MARLIN WOODS CAPITAL LLC
MARLIN WOODUM  VENJERO INVESTMENTS LLC
MARLIN WORLDWIDE, INC.
MARLIN WORLD WIDE, INC.
MARLIN YACHT CO INC
MARLIN YACHT CORPORATION OF MIAMI













MARLIN LURE INVESTMENTS, L.L.C. - PORT ORANGE, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



PORT ORANGE



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            MARLIN LURE INVESTMENTS, L.L.C.
                                    



 





















M 


MARLIN LURE INVESTMENTS, L.L.C.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3635 S CLYDE MORRIS BLVD # 100 PORT ORANGE, FL 32129
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Marlin Lure Investments, L.l.c. was founded in 2010. The company is located in Port Orange and incorporated in Florida. Marlin Lure Investments, L.l.c. specializes in Investors, Nec. Marlin Lure Investments, L.l.c. has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $100,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
























Marlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc. | Tangoe
































































Skip to content





Tangoe







Search for:


















Home      News      Marlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc. 

News














													April 30, 2017												

Marlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc.


Tangoe to be combined with Asentinel to create a market leader
LOS ANGELES & ORANGE, Conn. & MEMPHIS, Tenn. April 28, 2017 –(BUSINESS WIRE)– Marlin Equity Partners (“Marlin”), a global investment firm, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all outstanding shares of Tangoe, Inc. (OTCPK:TNGO) (“Tangoe”) for $6.50 per share in cash. Tangoe is a global leader in telecom expense management (“TEM”) solutions that enable enterprises to manage and optimize spend across multiple IT categories by providing visibility into the complex processes associated with their assets and expenses.
“After careful consideration and deliberation, our Board of Directors concluded that the sale of Tangoe to Marlin was in the best interest of Tangoe and its shareholders,” said Jerry Kokos, Executive Chairman of Tangoe. “Given its deep bench of operational resources and excellent track record of acquiring and growing businesses in the TEM market, Marlin is an ideal partner for Tangoe. This transaction provides the opportunity for immediate and substantial value to Tangoe shareholders, while also allowing Tangoe greater flexibility to execute on its long-term strategic vision.”
At closing, Marlin intends to combine Tangoe with its existing portfolio company Asentinel, a provider of TEM software and services. The combination would create a market leader managing more than $38 billion of IT and telecom spend on behalf of over 1,300 customers worldwide. The new company would operate under the Tangoe brand with Jim Foy continuing to serve as CEO, with Tim Whitehorn, CEO of Asentinel, serving as the Chief Product Officer.
“We are excited about the opportunity to partner with Marlin and combine with Asentinel, and see tremendous benefit in combining Tangoe’s global scale and comprehensive offering with Asentinel’s heritage of technological innovation,” said Mr. Foy. “The breadth and depth of our combined product and service capabilities, delivered on a global scale, should enable us to provide a compelling value proposition to our customers,” added Mr. Whitehorn.
“We look forward to working closely with the Tangoe and Asentinel teams to develop world-class solutions and drive customer success,” said Peter Chung, a principal at Marlin. “This agreement further supports Marlin’s long-term commitment to the TEM market and the value we believe these solutions deliver to customers.”
Tangoe’s Board of Directors has approved and will recommend Marlin’s proposal to acquire all outstanding common shares of Tangoe not already owned by Marlin for $6.50 in cash per share, subject to various conditions. Under the terms of the merger agreement, an affiliate of Marlin is required to commence a tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Tangoe’s outstanding common stock at $6.50 per share in cash no later than May 12, 2017. The merger agreement also provides that, promptly after the closing of the tender offer, any shares not tendered in the tender offer will be acquired by Marlin in a second-step merger at the same cash price as paid in the tender offer. Closing of the tender offer and closing of the merger are subject to certain conditions, including the satisfaction of a minimum tender condition, completion of a 30-day go-shop period, expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, and other customary closing conditions. If certain of these conditions are not satisfied, the parties have the right under specified circumstances to elect to terminate the tender offer and solicit proxies from Tangoe’s stockholders for a stockholder vote to approve the merger agreement. Tangoe may terminate the merger agreement to accept a superior proposal, but in such cases Marlin would be entitled to receive a termination fee. If the transaction fails to close as a result of a financing failure, Tangoe is entitled to receive a reverse termination fee.
The transaction is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2017. For further information regarding the terms and conditions contained in the definitive merger agreement, please see Tangoe’s Current Report on Form 8-K, which will be filed in connection with this transaction.
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP is acting as legal counsel to Marlin. Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. is acting as financial advisor to Tangoe and Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP is acting as legal counsel to Tangoe.
Important Additional Information Will Be Filed with the SEC
This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Tangoe.
At the time the tender offer is commenced, Marlin will file with the SEC and mail to Tangoe’s stockholders a Tender Offer Statement and Tangoe will file with the SEC and mail to its stockholders a Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation Statement in connection with the transaction. These will contain important information about Marlin, Tangoe, the transaction and other related matters. Investors and security holders are urged to read each of these documents carefully when they are available.
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Tender Offer Statement, the Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Marlin and Tangoe through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents from Marlin or Tangoe by contacting: Okapi Partners LLC, Attn: Pat McHugh, 1212 Avenue of the Americas, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10036, or by telephone toll free at (877) 305-0857 or collect at (212) 297-0720; or Tangoe, Inc., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 35 Executive Boulevard, Orange, Connecticut 06477, or by telephone at (203) 859-9300.
Tangoe plans to file with the SEC and, under certain circumstances, mail to its stockholders a Proxy Statement in connection with the transaction. The Proxy Statement will contain important information about Marlin, Tangoe, the transaction and related matters. Investors and security holders are urged to read the Proxy Statement carefully when it is available.
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Marlin and Tangoe through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.
In addition, investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement from Tangoe by contacting its Corporate Secretary.
Marlin and Tangoe, and their respective directors and executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. As of April 25, 2017, Tangoe’s directors and executive officers beneficially owned approximately 960,078 shares, or 2.4%, of Tangoe’s common stock. In addition, Tangoe’s directors and executive officers are also parties to agreements with Tangoe pursuant to which they will be entitled to receive payments upon the consummation of the merger, as provided in the merger agreement. As of April 25, 2017, Marlin beneficially owned 4,094,599 shares, or approximately 10.4%, of Tangoe’s common stock. A more complete description of the interests of Tangoe’s directors and executive officers and any other participants in the solicitation will be available in the Proxy Statement.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release regarding the proposed transaction between Marlin, Asentinel and Tangoe, the expected timetable for completing the transaction, benefits and synergies of the transaction, future opportunities for the combined company and any other statements about Marlin, Asentinel or Tangoe managements’ future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or prospects constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact (including statements containing the words “believes,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “estimates,” and similar expressions) should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including: the ability to consummate the transaction, the ability of Asentinel to successfully integrate Tangoe’s operations and employees and the ability to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings. Except as otherwise required by law, Marlin, Asentinel and Tangoe disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this press release.
About Marlin Equity Partners
Marlin Equity Partners is a global investment firm with over $6.7 billion of capital under management. The firm is focused on providing corporate parents, shareholders and other stakeholders with tailored solutions that meet their business and liquidity needs. Marlin invests in businesses across multiple industries where its capital base, industry relationships and extensive network of operational resources significantly strengthen a company’s outlook and enhance value. Since its inception, Marlin, through its group of funds and related companies, has successfully completed over 100 acquisitions. The firm is headquartered in Los Angeles, California with an additional office in London. For more information, please visit www.marlinequity.com.
About Tangoe
Tangoe, Inc. is a leading global provider of IT and Telecom Expense Management (TEM) software and related services to a wide range of global enterprises and service providers. Tangoe helps companies transform the management of IT assets, services, expenses, and usage to create business value, increase efficiency, and deliver a positive impact to the bottom line. Additional information about Tangoe can be found at www.tangoe.com.
Tangoe is a registered trademark of Tangoe, Inc.
About Asentinel
Asentinel, a leading provider of Technology and Telecom Expense Management (TEM) and Mobility Managed Services (MMS), meets the needs of customers by providing lifecycle solutions delivered through a customer-focused, technology-driven SaaS platform. The company serves a growing client base of Global 2000, Fortune 1000 and multinational entities that rely on the power of TEM and MMS to reduce spend, automate processes, manage inventory and maximize business intelligence and actionable analytics. For more information, please visit www.asentinel.com.
Contacts
For Marlin Inquiries:
Marlin Equity Partners
Peter Spasov, 310-364-0100
pspasov@marlinequity.com
or
For Tangoe Inquiries:
Investors:
ICR, Inc.
Seth Potter, 646-277-1230
investor.relations@tangoe.com
or
Media:
Tangoe, Inc.
Shannon Cortina, 732-637-2010
shannon.cortina@tangoe.com
or
For Asentinel Inquiries:
Asentinel LLC
Mark Ledbetter, 901-752-6202
mark.ledbetter@asentinel.com
Source: Tangoe, Inc.



























Search for:






































 



Marlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc. | Business Wire


























































Marlin Equity Partners Enters into Agreement to Acquire Telecom 
      Expense Management Leader Tangoe, Inc.




Tangoe to be combined with Asentinel to create a market leader






April 28, 2017 08:35 AM Eastern Daylight Time



LOS ANGELES & ORANGE, Conn. & MEMPHIS, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Marlin Equity Partners (“Marlin”), a global investment firm, announced 
      today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all 
      outstanding shares of Tangoe, Inc. (OTCPK:TNGO) (“Tangoe”) for $6.50 per 
      share in cash. Tangoe is a global leader in telecom expense management 
      (“TEM”) solutions that enable enterprises to manage and optimize spend 
      across multiple IT categories by providing visibility into the complex 
      processes associated with their assets and expenses.
    


      “After careful consideration and deliberation, our Board of Directors 
      concluded that the sale of Tangoe to Marlin was in the best interest of 
      Tangoe and its shareholders,” said Jerry Kokos, Executive Chairman of 
      Tangoe. “Given its deep bench of operational resources and excellent 
      track record of acquiring and growing businesses in the TEM market, 
      Marlin is an ideal partner for Tangoe. This transaction provides the 
      opportunity for immediate and substantial value to Tangoe shareholders, 
      while also allowing Tangoe greater flexibility to execute on its 
      long-term strategic vision.”
    

      At closing, Marlin intends to combine Tangoe with its existing portfolio 
      company Asentinel, a provider of TEM software and services. The 
      combination would create a market leader managing more than $38 billion 
      of IT and telecom spend on behalf of over 1,300 customers worldwide. The 
      new company would operate under the Tangoe brand with Jim Foy continuing 
      to serve as CEO, with Tim Whitehorn, CEO of Asentinel, serving as the 
      Chief Product Officer.
    

      “We are excited about the opportunity to partner with Marlin and combine 
      with Asentinel, and see tremendous benefit in combining Tangoe’s global 
      scale and comprehensive offering with Asentinel’s heritage of 
      technological innovation,” said Mr. Foy. “The breadth and depth of our 
      combined product and service capabilities, delivered on a global scale, 
      should enable us to provide a compelling value proposition to our 
      customers,” added Mr. Whitehorn.
    

      “We look forward to working closely with the Tangoe and Asentinel teams 
      to develop world-class solutions and drive customer success,” said Peter 
      Chung, a principal at Marlin. “This agreement further supports Marlin’s 
      long-term commitment to the TEM market and the value we believe these 
      solutions deliver to customers.”
    

      Tangoe’s Board of Directors has approved and will recommend Marlin’s 
      proposal to acquire all outstanding common shares of Tangoe not already 
      owned by Marlin for $6.50 in cash per share, subject to various 
      conditions. Under the terms of the merger agreement, an affiliate of 
      Marlin is required to commence a tender offer to acquire all outstanding 
      shares of Tangoe’s outstanding common stock at $6.50 per share in cash 
      no later than May 12, 2017. The merger agreement also provides that, 
      promptly after the closing of the tender offer, any shares not tendered 
      in the tender offer will be acquired by Marlin in a second-step merger 
      at the same cash price as paid in the tender offer. Closing of the 
      tender offer and closing of the merger are subject to certain 
      conditions, including the satisfaction of a minimum tender condition, 
      completion of a 30-day go-shop period, expiration or termination of the 
      applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust 
      Improvements Act, and other customary closing conditions. If certain of 
      these conditions are not satisfied, the parties have the right under 
      specified circumstances to elect to terminate the tender offer and 
      solicit proxies from Tangoe’s stockholders for a stockholder vote to 
      approve the merger agreement. Tangoe may terminate the merger agreement 
      to accept a superior proposal, but in such cases Marlin would be 
      entitled to receive a termination fee. If the transaction fails to close 
      as a result of a financing failure, Tangoe is entitled to receive a 
      reverse termination fee.
    

      The transaction is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2017. 
      For further information regarding the terms and conditions contained in 
      the definitive merger agreement, please see Tangoe’s Current Report on 
      Form 8-K, which will be filed in connection with this transaction.
    

      Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP is acting as legal counsel to Marlin. Stifel, 
      Nicolaus & Company, Inc. is acting as financial advisor to Tangoe and 
      Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP is acting as legal counsel to 
      Tangoe.
    

Important Additional Information Will Be Filed with the SEC


      This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of 
      an offer to sell shares of Tangoe.
    

      At the time the tender offer is commenced, Marlin will file with the SEC 
      and mail to Tangoe’s stockholders a Tender Offer Statement and Tangoe 
      will file with the SEC and mail to its stockholders a Tender Offer 
      Solicitation/Recommendation Statement in connection with the 
      transaction. These will contain important information about Marlin, 
      Tangoe, the transaction and other related matters. Investors and 
      security holders are urged to read each of these documents carefully 
      when they are available.
    

      Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the 
      Tender Offer Statement, the Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation 
      Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Marlin and Tangoe 
      through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
      In addition, investors and security holders will be able to obtain free 
      copies of these documents from Marlin or Tangoe by contacting: Okapi 
      Partners LLC, Attn: Pat McHugh, 1212 Avenue of the Americas, 24th Floor, 
      New York, NY 10036, or by telephone toll free at (877) 305-0857 or 
      collect at (212) 297-0720; or Tangoe, Inc., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 
      35 Executive Boulevard, Orange, Connecticut 06477, or by telephone at 
      (203) 859-9300.
    

      Tangoe plans to file with the SEC and, under certain circumstances, mail 
      to its stockholders a Proxy Statement in connection with the 
      transaction. The Proxy Statement will contain important information 
      about Marlin, Tangoe, the transaction and related matters. Investors and 
      security holders are urged to read the Proxy Statement carefully when it 
      is available.
    

      Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the 
      Proxy Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Marlin and 
      Tangoe through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.
    

      In addition, investors and security holders will be able to obtain free 
      copies of the Proxy Statement from Tangoe by contacting its Corporate 
      Secretary.
    

      Marlin and Tangoe, and their respective directors and executive 
      officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of 
      proxies in respect of the transactions contemplated by the merger 
      agreement. As of April 25, 2017, Tangoe’s directors and executive 
      officers beneficially owned approximately 960,078 shares, or 2.4%, of 
      Tangoe’s common stock. In addition, Tangoe’s directors and executive 
      officers are also parties to agreements with Tangoe pursuant to which 
      they will be entitled to receive payments upon the consummation of the 
      merger, as provided in the merger agreement. As of April 25, 2017, 
      Marlin beneficially owned 4,094,599 shares, or approximately 10.4%, of 
      Tangoe’s common stock. A more complete description of the interests of 
      Tangoe’s directors and executive officers and any other participants in 
      the solicitation will be available in the Proxy Statement.
    

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements


      Statements in this press release regarding the proposed transaction 
      between Marlin, Asentinel and Tangoe, the expected timetable for 
      completing the transaction, benefits and synergies of the transaction, 
      future opportunities for the combined company and any other statements 
      about Marlin, Asentinel or Tangoe managements’ future expectations, 
      beliefs, goals, plans or prospects constitute forward-looking 
      statements. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact 
      (including statements containing the words “believes,” “plans,” 
      “anticipates,” “expects,” “estimates,” and similar expressions) should 
      also be considered to be forward-looking statements. There are a number 
      of important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ 
      materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, 
      including: the ability to consummate the transaction, the ability of 
      Asentinel to successfully integrate Tangoe’s operations and employees 
      and the ability to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings. 
      Except as otherwise required by law, Marlin, Asentinel and Tangoe 
      disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking 
      statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this 
      press release.
    

About Marlin Equity Partners


      Marlin Equity Partners is a global investment firm with over $6.7 
      billion of capital under management. The firm is focused on providing 
      corporate parents, shareholders and other stakeholders with tailored 
      solutions that meet their business and liquidity needs. Marlin invests 
      in businesses across multiple industries where its capital base, 
      industry relationships and extensive network of operational resources 
      significantly strengthen a company’s outlook and enhance value. Since 
      its inception, Marlin, through its group of funds and related companies, 
      has successfully completed over 100 acquisitions. The firm is 
      headquartered in Los Angeles, California with an additional office in 
      London. For more information, please visit www.marlinequity.com.
    

About Tangoe


      Tangoe, Inc. is a leading global provider of IT and Telecom Expense 
      Management (TEM) software and related services to a wide range of global 
      enterprises and service providers. Tangoe helps companies transform the 
      management of IT assets, services, expenses, and usage to create 
      business value, increase efficiency, and deliver a positive impact to 
      the bottom line. Additional information about Tangoe can be found at www.tangoe.com.
    

      Tangoe is a registered trademark of Tangoe, Inc.
    

About Asentinel


      Asentinel, a leading provider of Technology and Telecom Expense 
      Management (TEM) and Mobility Managed Services (MMS), meets the needs of 
      customers by providing lifecycle solutions delivered through a 
      customer-focused, technology-driven SaaS platform. The company serves a 
      growing client base of Global 2000, Fortune 1000 and multinational 
      entities that rely on the power of TEM and MMS to reduce spend, automate 
      processes, manage inventory and maximize business intelligence and 
      actionable analytics. For more information, please visit www.asentinel.com.
    


Contacts

For Marlin Inquiries:Marlin Equity PartnersPeter 
      Spasov, 310-364-0100pspasov@marlinequity.comorFor 
      Tangoe Inquiries:Investors:ICR, Inc.Seth 
      Potter, 646-277-1230investor.relations@tangoe.comorMedia:Tangoe, 
      Inc.Shannon Cortina, 732-637-2010shannon.cortina@tangoe.comorFor 
      Asentinel Inquiries:Asentinel LLCMark Ledbetter, 
      901-752-6202mark.ledbetter@asentinel.com













Contacts

For Marlin Inquiries:Marlin Equity PartnersPeter 
      Spasov, 310-364-0100pspasov@marlinequity.comorFor 
      Tangoe Inquiries:Investors:ICR, Inc.Seth 
      Potter, 646-277-1230investor.relations@tangoe.comorMedia:Tangoe, 
      Inc.Shannon Cortina, 732-637-2010shannon.cortina@tangoe.comorFor 
      Asentinel Inquiries:Asentinel LLCMark Ledbetter, 
      901-752-6202mark.ledbetter@asentinel.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Company

































COMPANY




- ABOUT US -









 


EMAIL SIGN UP





ABOUT OUR COMPANY





Marlin is a growth-oriented gold and silver mining company focused on the Americas. The company owns two properties located in Sinaloa, Mexico and Arizona, USA and a portfolio of royalties. Marlin's priority is to advance its properties toward commercial production and enhance shareholder value through the growth of its wholly owned subsidiary, Sailfish Royalty Corp. Marlin is backed by a well-funded investor with a successful track record in the resources sector. The La Trinidad Mine in Sinaloa, Mexico declared commercial production on November 1, 2014 and is one of the highest-grade open pit heap leach gold mines in Mexico.
 



VIEW OUR PORTFOLIO































Proven Mine Builders




Well Funded




Growing Royalty Portfolio











Marlin's management and board members have built three open-pit heap leach mines in Mexico since 2011




Majority shareholder with the ability to fund ongoing mine development, exploration and acquisitions




Royalty portfolio that includes a gold stream on San Albino in Nicaragua and royalties on El Compass and La Cigarra in Mexico


















MANAGEMENT TEAM




DIRECTORS









Akiba LeismanExecutive Chairman of the Board and Interim CEOAkiba Leisman is also a consultant for Wexford Capital LP, where he oversees the precious metal public and private equity portfolios, including the investment in Marlin Gold Mining Ltd. Prior to consulting for Wexford, he was a Senior Analyst at Red Kite Capital Management for the Mine Finance funds where he was responsible for senior secured investments on metal mining assets. Previously, he was an Associate at Standard Bank working in the Structured Commodity Products and Mine Finance groups. Mr. Leisman has an MBA from New York University, and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.
Cesar GonzalezVice President, Corporate DevelopmentCesar Gonzalez is also a consultant at Wexford Capital LP. At Wexford he is focused on co-managing the precious metal public and private equity portfolios, including the investment in Marlin Gold Mining Ltd. Previously he worked at Lehman Brothers as an Associate in the Private Equity Group where he focused on investments in energy master limited partnerships. Mr. Gonzalez graduated from the University of Southern California, where he earned a B.S. in Business Administration.
Jesse MuñozDirector and Interim COOJesse Muñoz has over 28 years of experience working in the USA and international mining sector. His successful career has included construction and start-up in both surface and underground mine facilities. He has a diverse background and has focused primarily on the processing side of operations. His bilingual capabilities have proven to be extremely valuable while consulting in various Latin American countries. He has experience in conventional milling, heap leaching, agglomeration, crushing, refining, and both carbon adsorption and Merrill-Crowe recovery systems. He has experience in negotiating property acquisitions and developmental strategies in Latin American countries.
Scott KellyChief Financial OfficerScott Kelly has been working as an officer or director with publicly listed resource companies for over 12 years. Scott has held the position of Chief Financial Officer for companies with resource projects in the United States, Mexico, China and Chile and has been responsible for the coordination of all financial operations in collaboration with the companies' respective management teams. From 2008-2011, Scott was VP Finance for Pediment Gold Corp, which owned the La Colorada gold mine in Sonora, Mexico, and the San Antonio gold project in Baja California Sur, Mexico until the company was acquired by Argonaut Gold Inc. in 2011. Scott holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Royal Roads University.


Akiba LeismanExecutive Chairman of the Board and Interim CEOAkiba Leisman is also a consultant for Wexford Capital LP, where he oversees the precious metal public and private equity portfolios, including the investment in Marlin Gold Mining Ltd. Prior to consulting for Wexford, he was a Senior Analyst at Red Kite Capital Management for the Mine Finance funds where he was responsible for senior secured investments on metal mining assets. Previously, he was an Associate at Standard Bank working in the Structured Commodity Products and Mine Finance groups. Mr. Leisman has an MBA from New York University, and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.
Mike LiddellDirectorMike Liddell served as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Gulfport Energy Corporation, a publically held company, from July 1998 to December 2005, and remained as Chairman of the Board until June 2013. Mr. Liddell served as the Chief Executive Officer of DLB Oil & Gas Inc., a publically held company, from October 1994 to April 1998 and served as its Director from 1991 to 1998. Mr. Liddell has also served as the Chairman of Great White Energy Services, LLC. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Bronco Drilling Company Inc., a publicly held company, from May 2005 to August 2007 and served as its Director from May 2005 to August 2008. He has been the Chairman of Windsor Energy Resources Inc. since December 2005. He currently serves as a Director of Grizzly Oil Sands Ulc.
Jesse MuñozDirector and Interim COOJesse Muñoz has over 27 years of experience working in the USA and international mining sector. His successful career has included construction and start-up in both surface and underground mine facilities. He has a diverse background and has focused primarily on the processing side of operations. His bilingual capabilities have proven to be extremely valuable while consulting in various Latin American countries. He has experience in conventional milling, heap leaching, agglomeration, crushing, refining, and both carbon adsorption and Merrill-Crowe recovery systems. He has experience in negotiating property acquisitions and developmental strategies in Latin American countries.
John PontiusDirectorJohn Pontius is currently a Managing Director at Ruton Capital LLC, a New York City based private equity firm. Prior to his current role, Mr. Pontius was a Divisional President of Mammoth Energy Services LLC, a Wexford Capital LP portfolio company which he helped take public on the NASDAQ in October of 2016. From 2004 - 2014, he served in various investment roles and senior management positions at other Wexford portfolio companies including Muskie Proppant LLC (also now a Mammoth division), Stampede Farms LLC, ICx Technologies Inc (formerly NASDAQ: ICXT), Digital Power Capital LLC and other oilfield service related businesses. Mr. Pontius currently sits on the board of Predator Drilling Inc. and was a board observer of ICx Technologies until its acquisition by Flir Systems, Inc. He holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 







MEET OUR CEO





Akiba Leisman
Executive Chairman of the Board and Interim CEO
 
Akiba Leisman is also a consultant for Wexford Capital LP, where he oversees the precious metal public and private equity portfolios, including the investment in Marlin Gold Mining Ltd. Prior to consulting for Wexford, he was a Senior Analyst at Red Kite Capital Management for the Mine Finance funds where he was responsible for senior secured investments on metal mining assets. Previously, he was an Associate at Standard Bank working in the Structured Commodity Products and Mine Finance groups. Mr. Leisman has an MBA from New York University, and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.





Interested in INVESTING with us?




Let's Talk Now!



CONTACT US





 



MINING GOLD AND SILVER
IN  THE AMERICAS




© Copyright 2016 Marlin Gold Mining Ltd. All Rights Reserved.






















 











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































