





Online Employee Scheduling | Time Clock Software


































































Home
Features

Overview
Scheduling
Time Clock
Communication
Labor Cost Management
Mobile

Pricing
Testimonials
Blog












































Easy-to-Use 
Employee Scheduling & Time Clock Software
Save time and eliminate scheduling confusion.  Spend more time growing your business.




























 




























trusted & loved by thousands






































Why Make the Shift?





















SAVE TIME

Complete your online employee schedules faster than ever so that you can spend more time with customers. Reduce time spent scheduling by 70%.






















REDUCE CONFUSION
Say goodbye to scheduling conflicts and miscommunication that cause missed shifts and unsatisfied customers. Keep everyone up-to-date via texts, notifications, alerts & emails.





















UPDATE SCHEDULES FAST
Stop scrambling to make and communicate last second schedule changes. Review, approve, publish, and communicate schedule changes instantly.























Don't Just Take Our Word for It - Ask Our Customers!











"Orbital Shift has enabled us to eliminate the unnecessary scheduling fire-drills by giving employees and managers a 360-degree view of the entire employee schedule." 


Ryan Olson
Owner  |  Cold Stone Creamery






"Orbital Shift has made it possible for us to drastically reduce time spent scheduling. By using Orbital Shift, I gained an additional day each week to spend with my patients."


Denise Sherman
GM  |  Case Mgmt. Caregiving






"Orbital Shift's Scheduling and Time Clock System provides a complete and professional way to manage employee labor schedules, at an extremely reasonable cost.”


Mitch Bradley
Owner  |  Heeb's Grocery

































A Modern Workforce Management Solution























EMPLOYEE SCHEDULING SOFTWARE
Easy-to-Use. Simple to Setup.
Employees and managers can view, update, and approve employee work schedules and shift cover requests at their desk or on their phone. Schedulers can avoid potential shift conflicts and short-staff situations knowing they have full visibility into time off and vacation requests. We make online staff scheduling simple.
LEARN MORE















EMPLOYEE TIME CLOCK SOFTWARE
Automatic Time & Attendance Monitoring
Employees can easily clock-in and out of shifts - the online time clock app tracks precisely when and where each staff member is working. Data from the time and attendance software can be viewed in reports and exported to a payroll system or provider.
LEARN MORE















 
STAFF COMMUNICATION SOFTWARE
Real-time Employee Messaging
Employees and managers can send and receive instant messages via text, email, alerts, and notifications from their desktop computer or phone. Messages may be sent between individuals or as group messages to specific positions, departments or the entire company. A great way to communicate essential scheduling information.
 
LEARN MORE
 
 















LABOR COST MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE
Powerful Budgeting & Payroll Cost Management
Budget managers will maximize profitability using the integrated staff scheduling and labor cost budgeting software to balance shift scheduling needs with the most qualified available staff by position. Last minute shift changes are easy to make with full confidence that unnecessary overtime costs will be avoided.
 
LEARN MORE















MOBILE EMPLOYEE SCHEDULING & TIME CLOCK SOFTWARE
Your Office Should be as Mobile as You Are - Don't be Tied to Your Desk
Staying connected isn’t about working more – it’s about getting more work done in the time you have. Our mobile employee scheduling and time clock features help you maximize your time, whenever and wherever you can fit work into your day. Get out of the office. Get your work done, on your terms.
 
LEARN MORE
 

































 Ten Reasons to Shift to a Modern Workforce Management Solution 
Learn more about how Orbital Shift's modern workforce management software can help your company save time, reduce scheduling confusion, and improve employee communication.
 































Solutions for Your IndustryPowerful, purpose-built solutions for businesses of all sizes





















RETAIL






















ENERGY






















RESTAURANT
























HOSPITALITY






















GROCERY






















HOSPITAL
























GAMING






















FRANCHISE






















SCHOOL & UNIVERSITY



























SEASONAL

























ASSISTED LIVING






















PROFESSIONAL SERVICE


























Latest Blog Posts
More Blog Posts 





5 TED Talks under 20 minutes that will help you do better business

July 25, 2017


Become a better business person in 20 minutes or less with these life-changing TED Talks.
Read More 








Unscrambling Tech Jargon One Acronym at a Time

July 21, 2017


Deciding what kind of software to use for your business can be challenging. With so many optionsfalse
Read More 








Orbital Shift Enhances Marketing Strategy with New Digital Marketing Manager

July 18, 2017


Digital marketing strategies deployed by Jess Wyrick help business owners make sense of thefalse
Read More 








































About
Careers
Contact Us





























2501 S. Catlin St. #209, Missoula, MT 59801 | 1-406-552-0312 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service








Copyright 2017. All Rights Reserved









































Online Time & Attendance Software | Pricing Comparison





















































































Orbital Shift Product Comparison

Some new Orbital Shift customers are sure which of our products is best for their company’s labor management needs. For some organizations, it makes sense to choose our online work schedule product. It helps improve employee scheduling efficiency and alleviate the stress and headaches that often accompany the scheduling process. Other companies prefer to incorporate our mobile time clock solution with our scheduling software as a means of empowering managers to track and monitor real expenses in real time. A closer comparison of the two workforce management solutions can help you make the most intelligent choice for your company.








No-Risk Free Trial















Used & Loved by Thousands - Make Your Shift Today!
















 
"We had a very organized system in place but Orbital Shift still saves me time each week. It is an extremely affordable option, especially when you consider access, programming, and the exceptional customer service they provide."  Dan Monahan, Director of Operations - Double Tree Hotel



Overview of Our Labor Scheduling Software Features
Feature of our online work scheduler include:

Shift scheduling online
Shift cover management
Shift event templates
Copy and paste schedules
Email and text alerts
Custom event tags
Employee event reports
The ability to submit and manage employee requests
Conflict and overtime warnings
Event management via text and email
Labor budgets by location or department
Daily, weekly and monthly schedule views
Mobile optimized site













Our Online Employee Time Clock Software Offers a Host of Additional Features
When you select our online time and attendance software product you get all of the above plus:

Real-time labor tracking
Advanced exporting with time clock data
Enhanced budgeting with time clock data
Custom settings for time clock locations
Custom clock-out value
Notification of employees who forget to clock out
The ability to manage alerts when employees are late
Control over where and how employees clock in




What About the Cost?
Whether you choose our shift management software or mobile time clock solution, you’re assured of getting a product that will fit your budget. The monthly cost of our scheduling software is only $2 per user, with a minimum requirement of five users.
Our mobile time clock software costs only $3 per user per month, again with a minimum requirement of five users. This scalable, subscription-based pricing structure makes our software solutions affordable for small businesses, SMBs and large corporations alike.
 
Other Important Product Similarities
No matter which Orbital Shift software product you select, we know you’ll find it to be simple and intuitive to use. There’s no lengthy learning curve, and you don’t need to be a technical genius to use it with speed and efficiency.
We also provide world-class customer support for all of our products. And you won’t have to enter into a long-term contract or purchase pricey software or hardware additions.
 
Get Started Right Now With Our Free Trial Offer
Our online time and attendance and scheduling software both come with a free trial offer. Use the product for 14 days at no cost and without risk. Discover how our software solutions can save you time and money. Get started on your free trial today!


Client Testimonials: What our users are saying


		"Creating and managing a schedule is so much
		easier and our employees are much happier because everything is done online and
		they communicate schedule changes whenever and wherever. I now look forward to scheduling
		instead of dreading it. " 
		
Tami Wehren, GM  |  Lee & Dad's IGA Plus




		"The Orbital Shift team did a great job in every
		aspect of the project: from listening to our business needs, customizing features
		for compatibility with our operations, to giving extra attention in training to
		our non-technical staff." 
		
Albert McDonald, GM  |  Montana Ale Works










Get the same benefits these clients are getting today!


































© 2009 - 2017 Orbital Shift, Inc. All rights reserved.











































Dave Danford Joins the Board of Orbital ShiftHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 29 mins.S&P 5002,469.37-8.46 (-0.34%)Dow 3021,753.91+42.90 (+0.20%)Nasdaq6,361.68-61.07 (-0.95%)Today's ChartsTODAY'S CHARTS: High expectations for Amazon earningsDave Danford Joins the Board of Orbital ShiftPR NewswireApril 25, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareMISSOULA, Mont., April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Orbital Shift, Inc. announced today that a seasoned product development strategist and marketing executive, Dave Danford, is now on the Board of Orbital Shift and is serving as a strategic advisor to the company.  Danford joins Orbital Shift, having served more than 25 years with Microsoft Corporation. View photos"For more than two decades, Microsoft entrusted Dave Danford to lead the entire process of defining, building and marketing innovative new SaaS, mobile and business application products used by millions of people in organizations ranging from small to very large," said Kevin O'Reilly, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Orbital Shift.  "The leadership skills and understanding of the challenges facing our customers – large and small -- adds significant value and to Orbital Shift as we move into a rapid-growth phase.  We are proud that Dave recognizes the remarkable promise of our technology and our commitment to keeping customers at the center of our focus." Orbital Shift delivers cloud-based workforce management software applications used by organizations of all sizes in more than a dozen industries.  The Company's software enables companies to schedule workers, manage labor costs and automate the time clock-in/out process via flexible mobile features that are designed to engage employees, empower managers and inform executives.  Hundreds of customers and thousands of users have relied upon Orbital Shift to run their day-to-day operations for nearly eight years.The mission of Orbital Shift is to create innovative, employee-focused business applications that provide organizations a competitive edge by enabling managers and employees to work more effectively as a team while empowering business executives with immediate, actionable data insights that inform better decisions in a fast-paced, competitive marketplace.  Orbital Shift is well positioned to lead the high-growth market of SaaS-based workforce management products by leveraging a proven product, satisfied customer base and innovative technology solutions.Danford earned his MBA at the UCLA Anderson Graduate School of Management and his BA at the University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business.  After starting his career as a CPA with Arthur Andersen & Company and as a Vice President of Finance and Operations at a Silicon Valley start-up, Danford joined Microsoft Corporation in 1991.  At Microsoft, Danford led the product development and marketing teams responsible for large-scale commercial and consumer products including SaaS-based ERP/CRM business applications, enterprise mobility, IT infrastructure and ecommerce software.  Mr. Danford also serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the University of Montana, School of Business - Marketing & Management and a strong-supporter of the new Masters of Business Analytics program.Headquartered in Missoula, Montana, with offices in Bozeman, Montana, Orbital Shift serves many industries, including: restaurant, healthcare, manufacturing, construction, grocery, lodging, nonprofit and retail among others.  The Company announced the successful closing of its $1.25m round of venture capital financing led by Next Frontier Capital and followed by leading angel investors.Read MoreLearn more about Orbital Shift here: https://www.orbitalshift.com/.Looking for an exciting place to work in a dynamic startup environment?  Orbital Shift is hiring and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  See open positions here: www.orbitalshift.com/Careers. View photosTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dave-danford-joins-the-board-of-orbital-shift-300444553.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHow Microsoft wants to bring broadband to rural AmericansYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMicrosoft will now pay up to $250,000 for Windows 10 security bugsThe VergeMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock: What’s Fueling This Year’s 19% Gain?InvestorPlaceMicrosoft joins Kubetnetes group as platinum memberZDNetDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWindows Insiders can now jump ahead of the Fall Creators UpdateDigital TrendsJP Morgan's top market guru just identified a chilling pattern in the stock marketYahoo FinanceMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderThrive Market CEO: socially conscious companies can change Big Food for the betterYahoo Finance VideoRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceAre You Still Interested in a Travel Rewards Card?Wise BreadSponsoredTech, transport woes hit Wall StreetReutersMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 5705





 



Orbital Shift Reviews and Pricing - 2017





































The Smart Way to Find Business Software













Home
Time Clock Software
Orbital Shift




















Orbital Shift
by Orbital Shift









0 reviews








Popular Products




                          • TSheets
 









(2053)






                          • When I Work
 









(105)






                          • Advance Systems
 









(12)


















Who Uses This Software?
The majority of our clients are in following industries; hospitality, healthcare, universities, grocery stores, & restaurants. However, we do serve consultancies, government agencies & much more.





Average Ratings














Overall















Ease of Use 















Customer Service







Review This Product!




Product Details




Starting Price


          $10.00/one-time
        





Free Trial


Yes
        





Deployment


Cloud, SaaS, Web
Mobile - Android Native






Training


Documentation
Live Online
In Person






Support


Online
Business Hours




Vendor Details

Orbital Shift
www.orbitalshift.com
Founded 2011
United States




About This Software

Online time clock & scheduling tool designed to manage workforce & labor costs through: easy schedule creation & updates, staff awareness & communication, budgets, forecasts & alerts, & tracking of employee activity in real time. Orbital Shift is proven to reduce management's scheduling time & positively impact your bottom line by enabling a demand driven staffing plan, thereby saving your business significant costs. Never pay overtime again, unless you want to.  Accessible from anywhere!


















Orbital Shift Features




Time Clock Features  
 

View full list of Time Clock Software




Attendance Tracking
Automatic Start / Stop
Biometric
Employee Scheduling
Flextime Tracking
Hourly Employee Tracking
Project Time Tracking
Salaried Employee Tracking
Sick Leave Tracking
Vacation / Leave Tracking
Workstation Tracking












Orbital Shift Reviews




Review This Product!



Capterra Reviews 
              





No reviews, be the first!


Show more reviews
















Orbital Shift - Free download and software reviews - CNET Download.com









































































































Navigation
open search











Close
PLATFORMS














POPULAR LINKS

Latest News
Security and Antivirus Center
New Releases
User Favorites
Editor's Picks
Top Freeware

CATEGORIES


Browsers


Business Software


Communications


Digital Photo Software


Entertainment Software


Games


Internet Software


MP3 & Audio Software


Productivity Software


Screensavers & Wallpaper


Security Software


Utilities & Operating Systems


Video Software


HELP & SETTINGS

Link to CNET Site
Submit Feedback
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy



                © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.
            

                All Rights Reserved
            



















                        Windows
                

                        iOS
                

                        Android
                

                        Mac
                










 Enter to Search





Popular Apps


                Popular Android Apps
            



TubeMate YouTube Downloader






Google Play






VidMate






SHAREit - Transfer & Share






WhatsApp Messenger






Youtube Downloader






UC Browser - Fast Download






SnapTube






APKPure






TubeMate YouTube Downloader Beta



View all Android apps



                Popular Mac Apps
            



AVG AntiVirus for Mac






5KPlayer






Avast Free Mac Security






VirtualDJ






MacX YouTube Downloader






VLC Media Player






Microsoft Office 2011






Minecraft






Microsoft Office 2016 Preview






MediaHuman YouTube to MP3 Converter



View all Mac apps



                Popular iOS Apps
            



NetTube Video Music Player & Playlist Manager






Facebook






WhatsApp Messenger






Apple iOS 9






imo free video calls and chat






BeautyPlus - Selfie Camera for a Beautiful Image






Clash of Clans






Instagram






Messenger






Doodle Army 2 : Mini Militia - Online Multiplayer



View all iOS apps



                Popular Windows Apps
            



CCleaner






Avast Free Antivirus






Driver Booster






IObit Malware Fighter






Malwarebytes






VirtualDJ 8






Advanced SystemCare Free






Advanced IP Scanner






Driver Easy






AVG AntiVirus Free



View all Windows apps



Top Categories



                            Browsers
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Productivity
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Chat & Messaging
                        


                            Developer Tools
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Design
                        


                            Drivers
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories




                            Browsers
                        


                            Business
                        


                            Entertainment
                        


                            Games
                        


                            Internet
                        


                            Music & Audio
                        


                            Photos
                        


                            Security
                        


                            Tools & Utilities
                        


                            Video
                        
View all categories



Guides




14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    


                        Android antivirus that won't slow your phone
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Stream Spotify from your phone to your TV
                    





14 Back-to-School Apps That Will Keep Your School Burden Light




                        Your backup plan: Best backup apps for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives
                    


                        Best Security Software for Windows and Mac
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Best free and paid VPNs -- and why you need one
                    





Best Star Wars game apps for Android and iOS




                        Best iPhone keyboard
                    


                        Best value streaming-video service
                    


                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Shoot, edit, and share your videos
                    





Microsoft Office and top productivity alternatives




                        Best online photo storage
                    


                        Video players: Choosing the best
                    


                        Running Windows games smoothly
                    


                        Choose the best antivirus software
                    




        CNET
        




                    Reviews
                


                    News
                


                    Video
                


                    How To
                


                    Smart Home
                


                    Cars
                


                    Deals
                


                    CNET Home
                


                    Reviews at Guide.com
                




        English
        



            Choose Language
        

                    English
                


                    Español
                


                    Deutsch
                


                    Français
                








My Profile
Logout




                    Login                

                    Join                














                            Overview
                    



                            Specs
                    






 





ICS File Viewer







Orbital Shift







Easy Attendance







Jotlet Online Calendar







Tiki-Toki







Vyew







Free Printable Calendars







Mindquarry Go







PHP Event Calendar







Nivio




















 


Orbital Shift


 $10







Visit Site
External Download Site






                        Download Editors' Rating:
                    

                        Editors' Rating:
                    

0


                        No Rating
                    


Average User Rating:
Be the first to rate this product!

0



        No ratings
        




Quick Specs


Version:
3.0


Total Downloads:
12


Date Added:
Aug. 18, 2014


Price:
Free to try (30-day trial); $10.00 to buy (Buy it now)




File Size:
Not available


Downloads Last Week:
0


Platform:
Webware












Sponsored Products







Category




Category
Productivity Software


Subcategory
Calendar & Time Management Software


 



Publisher's Description+


                From  Orbital Shift: 


    Online employee time tracking software with a mobile time clock that includes online work schedule templates, manager controlled communication panel, labor cost controls through budgets, forecasts, and alerts, help keep expenses low.

Since the staff scheduling app is web-based employees don't need to be in the office to access schedules, keep track of emails, or printed spreadsheets. At a minimum they just need an internet connection and browser enabled device. 

The smart schedule generates automated text messages for shift covers and sends out SMS to only the right employees at the right time. If a staff member wants to pick up they shift they simply respond to the text, and upon a managers approval (optional) the schedule will automatically update to reflect any changes.

    

 

read more +




screenshots



 

 







User Reviews
+









Please Wait






Add Your Review



Login or create an account to post a review.


You are logged in as . Please submit your review for Orbital Shift


1. Rate this product:







2. One-line summary: (10 characters minimum)Count: 0 of 55 characters
3. Pros: (10 characters minimum)Count: 0 of 1,000 characters
4. Cons: (10 characters minimum)Count: 0 of 1,000 characters
5. Summary: (optional)Count: 0 of 1,500 characters
Add Your Review
The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited.Click here to review our site terms of use.





Thank You for Submitting Your Review, !


Note that your submission may not appear immediately on our site.
Close




Update Your Review


Since you've already submitted a review for this product, this submission will be added as an update to your original review.

Summary: (10 characters minimum)0 of 1000 characters
Submit
The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited.Click here to review our site terms of use.







Thank You for Submitting an Update to Your Review, !


Note that your submission may not appear immediately on our site.
Close





Submit Your Reply



Summary:0 of 1,000 characters
Submit
cancel
The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited.Click here to review our site terms of use.









Thank You for Submitting a Reply, !


Note that your submission may not appear immediately on our site.
Close




E-mail This Review



E-mail this to: (Enter the e-mail address of the recipient)
Add your own personal message:0 of 1,000 characters
Submit
cancel








Thank You, !



Close




Report Offensive Content



If you believe this comment is offensive or violates the CNET's Site Terms of Use, you can report it below (this will not automatically remove the comment). Once reported, our staff will be notified and the comment will be reviewed.
Select type of offense:
 Offensive: Sexually explicit or offensive language
 Spam: Advertisements or commercial links
 Disruptive posting: Flaming or offending other users
 Illegal activities: Promote cracked software, or other illegal content
Comments: (optional)
Submit
cancel










Thank You for Helping us Maintain CNET's Great Community, !


Your message has been reported and will be reviewed by our staff.
Close



 

see all reviews +




Full Specifications+



General




Publisher
Orbital Shift


Publisher web site
http://www.orbitalshift.com


Release Date
July 08, 2014


Date Added
August 18, 2014


Version
3.0






Category




Category
Productivity Software


Subcategory
Calendar & Time Management Software






Operating Systems




Operating Systems

                    Webware
                


Additional Requirements

                                            None
                                    






Download Information




File Size


                                            Not Available
                                    


File Name

                                            External File                                    






Popularity




Total Downloads
12 


Downloads Last Week
 0 






Pricing




License Model
 Free to try 


Limitations

                                            30-day trial
                                    


Price
$10






                Report a problem
            


 

read more +







Screenshots

Next
Back

1-2 of 5
    




























 

Back to top





 











 


 





 




























 















Orbital Shift Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























orbital shift inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Orbital Shift, Inc. develops enterprise software. The Company offers employee scheduling, workforce management, and time clock solutions. Orbital Shift serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

2501 South Catlin Street
Suite 209
Missoula, MT 59801
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.orbitalshift.com





Board Members




Strategic Advisor
Company




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Missoula's Orbital Shift lands former Microsoft exec ~ Missoula Current


















































































 Skip to content Skip to secondary menu Skip to primary sidebar



E-News




Advertise · Contribute · Contact





  

  

  




Missoula CurrentMissoula's Digital News MagazineLocal News MissoulaHeader RightWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech sceneWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech sceneWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech sceneWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech sceneWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech sceneWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech sceneWant to make more $$?Ready for a new job?Summer is almost here!Learn MoreLearn To Code and join Missoula's fast growing tech scene 
Missoula’s Orbital Shift lands former Microsoft exec
April 25, 2017 By cmsadmin Dave Danford, Board Member, Orbital Shift, Inc. (PRNewsfoto/Orbital Shift)By Martin Kidston/Missoula Current
A software company based in Missoula has landed a former product development and marketing executive from the Microsoft Corp. to serve as its new strategic adviser and board member.
Orbital Shift, Inc. on Tuesday said that Dave Danford had joined the company’s board after completing a 25-year career with Microsoft, where he headed the teams responsible for large-scale commercial and consumer products.
“The leadership skills and understanding of the challenges facing our customers – large and small – adds significant value and to Orbital Shift as we move into a rapid-growth phase,” said Kevin O’Reilly, founder and CEO of Orbital Shift. “(Danford) recognizes the remarkable promise of our technology and our commitment to keeping customers at the center of our focus.”
Orbital Shift, based in Missoula with offices in Bozeman, delivers cloud-based workforce management software applications used by organizations in more than a dozen industries.
The Company’s software enables companies to schedule workers, manage labor costs and automate hours worked over a flexible mobile feature that’s designed to engage employees, empower managers and inform executives.
“The mission of Orbital Shift is to create innovative, employee-focused business applications that provide organizations a competitive edge,” said O’Reilly. “Orbital Shift is well positioned to lead the high-growth market of SaaS-based workforce management products by leveraging a proven product, satisfied customer base and innovative technology solutions.”
Danford, who also serves as a member of the advisory board for the University of Montana’s School of Business, earned his master’s in business administration from UCLA. He joined Microsoft in 1991 after serving with a Silicon Valley startup.
With Microsoft, Danford led the product development and marketing teams responsible for commercial and consumer products, including SaaS-based business applications, enterprise mobility, IT infrastructure and e-commerce software.
Orbital Shift recently announced the successful closing of $1.25 million in venture capital financing by Next Frontier Capital. The company has been recognized as one of the state’s most promising high-tech businesses.
Spread the love         
Primary SidebarStories like this






 Lee goes native with Wisconsin ad company  







 Secret Seconds facelift to boost YWCA’s soci...  







 Ready, set, give: 24-hour fundraising drive draws ...  







 Missoula lodging taxes down, though tourism remain...  







 

 


























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Dave Danford Joins the Board of Orbital Shift - MarketWatch



















































Bulletin

Sessions says he'll remain attorney general even after 'hurtful' Trump comments »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















press release


					April 25, 2017, 10:00 a.m. EDT
				
Dave Danford Joins the Board of Orbital Shift
A Senior Marketing and Strategic Executive at Microsoft for More than 25 Years, Danford is Now a Board Member and Marketing Advisor for Orbital Shift


























MISSOULA, Mont., April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Orbital Shift, Inc. announced today that a seasoned product development strategist and marketing executive, Dave Danford, is now on the Board of Orbital Shift and is serving as a strategic advisor to the company.  Danford joins Orbital Shift, having served more than 25 years with Microsoft Corporation. 


                                        














"For more than two decades, Microsoft entrusted Dave Danford to lead the entire process of defining, building and marketing innovative new SaaS, mobile and business application products used by millions of people in organizations ranging from small to very large," said Kevin O'Reilly, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Orbital Shift.  "The leadership skills and understanding of the challenges facing our customers – large and small -- adds significant value and to Orbital Shift as we move into a rapid-growth phase.  We are proud that Dave recognizes the remarkable promise of our technology and our commitment to keeping customers at the center of our focus." 


                                        








Orbital Shift delivers cloud-based workforce management software applications used by organizations of all sizes in more than a dozen industries.  The Company's software enables companies to schedule workers, manage labor costs and automate the time clock-in/out process via flexible mobile features that are designed to engage employees, empower managers and inform executives.  Hundreds of customers and thousands of users have relied upon Orbital Shift to run their day-to-day operations for nearly eight years.


                                        








The mission of Orbital Shift is to create innovative, employee-focused business applications that provide organizations a competitive edge by enabling managers and employees to work more effectively as a team while empowering business executives with immediate, actionable data insights that inform better decisions in a fast-paced, competitive marketplace.  Orbital Shift is well positioned to lead the high-growth market of SaaS-based workforce management products by leveraging a proven product, satisfied customer base and innovative technology solutions.


                                        








Danford earned his MBA at the UCLA Anderson Graduate School of Management and his BA at the University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business.  After starting his career as a CPA with Arthur Andersen & Company and as a Vice President of Finance and Operations at a Silicon Valley start-up, Danford joined Microsoft Corporation in 1991.  At Microsoft, Danford led the product development and marketing teams responsible for large-scale commercial and consumer products including SaaS-based ERP/CRM business applications, enterprise mobility, IT infrastructure and ecommerce software.  Mr. Danford also serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the University of Montana, School of Business - Marketing & Management and a strong-supporter of the new Masters of Business Analytics program.


                                        








Headquartered in Missoula, Montana, with offices in Bozeman, Montana, Orbital Shift serves many industries, including: restaurant, healthcare, manufacturing, construction, grocery, lodging, nonprofit and retail among others.  The Company announced the successful closing of its $1.25m round of venture capital financing led by Next Frontier Capital and followed by leading angel investors.


                                        








Learn more about Orbital Shift here:         https://www.orbitalshift.com/
.


                                        








Looking for an exciting place to work in a dynamic startup environment?  Orbital Shift is hiring and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  See open positions here:         www.orbitalshift.com/Careers
.


                                        








 


                                        














To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dave-danford-joins-the-board-of-orbital-shift-300444553.html









SOURCE  Orbital Shift


                                        








Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    








































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Stock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




3:31 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:31pTime Inc. sells live events company INVNT back to founders as part of streamlining strategy
3:29pBREAKINGSessions says he'll remain attorney general even after 'hurtful' Trump comments
3:29pNeiman Marcus cutting jobs as part of reorganization
3:18pSnap shares up 4.5%
3:17pStudent, auto loans are biggest risks, Trump’s bank regulator nominees say
3:16pNordstrom family members in talks with private equity partners including KKR to go private: Reuters
3:15pStock market retreats from records as tech stocks swing to losses
3:14pNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
3:13pWaters has testy exchange with Mnuchin over Trump financing
3:13pAmazon's stock down 1%, reversing earlier gain of as much as 2.9%
3:10pHomeownership rate jumps from 50-year low
3:06pNordstrom family in talks with private equity partners including KKR about buyout: Reuters
3:04pWhat are ICOs and why is the SEC taking steps to protect investors from them?
3:03pDropping border adjustment plan limits tax-reform push 
3:01pNordstrom shares up 4.5% in late trade
3:01pDow transports tumble toward biggest selloff in over a year
3:00pAT&T set to unfurl largest corporate bond sale this year for Time Warner purchase
2:54pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
2:54pDow Jones Industrial Average returns to positive territory
2:53pWhirlpool shares slide 7% after profit miss, soft guidance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,754.34

+43.33
+0.20%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,361.74

-61.00
-0.95%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.43

-8.40
-0.34%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





































































 


