

Oressa Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















oressa ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Containers & Packaging
Sub-Industry: Containers & Packaging
Oressa Limited operates as a supplier of metal can packaging for the consumer products industry. The Company offers a broad range of products, including two-piece aluminum and tinplate and three-piece tinplate cans, as well as can ends, including easy open and peelable ends. Oressa serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

10 Portman Square
London, W1H 6AZ
United Kingdom


Phone:
-


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Paul Coulson
Ard Holdings SA








Chief Executive Officer
Company


David Wall
Ard Holdings SA








Board Members
Company




David Matthews
Ard Holdings SA


























From The Web











Key Executives


Paul R Coulson


Chairman




David Wall


Chief Executive Officer




Stefan Siebert


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Oressa Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 3:41 PM ET
Containers and Packaging

Company Overview of Oressa Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Oressa Limited manufactures metal can packaging for the consumer products industry. The products include two and three piece aluminum and tinplate cans. Oressa Limited was incorporated in 2015 and is based in London, United Kingdom. Oressa Limited operates as a subsidiary of Ardagh Group S.A.


10 Portman SquareLondon,  W1H 6AZUnited KingdomFounded in 20157,376 Employees










Key Executives for Oressa Limited




Mr. David Wall


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Stefan Siebert


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Oressa Limited Key Developments

Ardagh Pulls IPO
Nov 2 15
Ardagh Group S.A. has pulled a planned share sale of its metal-containers unit, citing challenging market conditions for initial public offerings in the US. Preparations for the IPO of the unit, known as Oressa Limited, had been “virtually completed” before they was put on hold for now, according to a statement on Monday. The company had previously planned to sell a minority stake before the end of the year, depending on market conditions. Current IPO market conditions in the US are challenging and, as a result,” it wouldn’t “be wise to seek to access the equity markets at this point in time,” Ardagh said in the statement. The company “plans to keep the situation under constant review and to remain ready to launch the IPO as soon as market conditions are suitable.”


Ardagh Likely To Float Metals Business
Oct 7 15
Ardagh Group S.A. is likely to press ahead with a €2 billion flotation of Oressa Limited, its metals business on the New York Stock Exchange after private-equity bids for it failed to match expectations, according to reports on October 6, 2015.


Ardagh Said To Draw Bids For Oressa
Aug 11 15
Ardagh Group S.A. has drawn bids from several of the world’s largest private equity firms for Oressa Limited, people with knowledge of the matter said. BC Partners, The Carlyle Group LP (NasdaqGS:CG) and Onex Corporation (TSX:OCX) are among firms to submit first-round offers for Oressa, which has been valued at about €2.4 billion, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Ardagh previously said it was planning to sell a minority stake in Oressa to pay down debt or fund acquisitions.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Choice Packaging Manufacturers Limited Europe A2B Plastics Ltd. Europe Aerobox Limited Europe Affinity Packaging Limited Europe Allied Glass Containers Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oressa Limited, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























  Oressa Files for IPO - 24/7 Wall St.









































 
























































24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors













Search this site




Business

Aerospace & Defense
Autos
Banking & Finance
Commodities & Metals
Consumer Products
Energy
Healthcare
Industrials
Infrastructure
Media
Retail
Services


Technology

Apps & Software
Consumer Electronics
Telecom & Wireless
Apple Inc.
Facebook
Google


Investing

Analyst Upgrades
Bankruptcy
Buffett
Corporate Governance
Corporate Performance
Dividends and Buybacks
Earnings
ETFs and Mutual Funds
International Markets
IPOs and Secondaries
Mergers and Acquisitions
Personal Finance
Rumors
Value Investing


Economy

Energy
Government Regulation
Healthcare
Housing
Jobs


Special Report

Brands and Products
Cities
Countries
States


















 




Oressa Files for IPO

By Chris Lange June 23, 2015 3:54 pm EDT




Print




Email









Tweet











 



Oressa Ltd. filed an F-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). No terms were given in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million. The company intends to list on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol ORES.
The sole underwriter for the offering is Citigroup. 


The company is a supplier of value-added metal can packaging for the consumer products industry. It supplies a broad range of products, including two-piece aluminum and tinplate and three-piece tinplate cans, and a wide range of can ends, including easy open and peelable ends. Many of the products feature high-quality printed graphics, customized sizes and shapes or other innovative designs.
This can packaging is applicable to a wide range of consumer-driven end-use categories from seafood to paints and coatings. Oressa has dedicated manufacturing facilities and sales teams organized around serving these end-use categories.
With approximately 1,300 customers across more than 70 countries, the company sells its products to a diverse range of multi-national companies, large national and regional companies, and small local businesses.
Oressa operates 54 production facilities in 20 countries, and it employs approximately 7,300 personnel. Generally, the plants are strategically located to serve customers, with some facilities located on-site at the customers’ filling locations.
ALSO READ: 5 Analyst Stocks With 50% to 100% Upside Potential
Revenue for the period was €1,850 million. The operating profit and Oressa’s loss for the same period were €70 million and €79 million, respectively. The total capital expenditure associated with recent investments in the United States is $200 million through the end of December 2014, of which $139 was invested in 2014.
The company was formed on June 16, 2015, to acquire Ardagh Group and plans to use the proceeds of the IPO to fund the acquisition.
FULL FILING
By Chris Lange 





« 2 Big Gold Stock Upgrades by Different Analysts
The 4 Stocks That Lifted the Dow on Tuesday »


	Read more: Investing, IPOs and Secondaries
















Free Daily Newsletter

Subscribe








Terms & Conditions
















Popular
20 Most Popular Stores in AmericaThe Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class50 Worst American Cities to Live In39 Cities Where Most Americans Can't Afford Their HomesMost Educated City in Each State 

Recent
 What to Expect When Chevron and Exxon Report Earnings on Friday States Where People Are Having the Most Babies Knife Maker Sues eBay Over Trademark Infringement 2017 Data Breaches Total Over 850, Up Nearly 30% 
 













Get Quote for:


Symbol Lookup


Search










 
 
After a Big Earnings Beat, Boeing Wins a Big Buy Rating: What You Need to Know
Better Buy: Fitbit Inc. vs. Apple
Royal Dutch Shell Turned on the Cash Flow Tap in the Second Quarter





Snap shares up 4.5%
Amazon's stock down 1%, reversing earlier gain of as much as 2.9%
Nordstrom family in talks with private equity partners including KKR about buyout: Reuters





Why You Should Keep an Eye on the Mobile Security Segment
Bayer (BAYRY) Q2 Earnings Beat, Sales Miss, Cuts Guidance
Zimmer (ZBH) Tops Q2 Earnings, Drops View on Dull Sales





US stocks dip; drops for tech stocks offset telecom gains
Twitter, Inc. Earnings: User Growth Slows
Gambler tied to golfer Phil Mickelson gets 5 years in prison





Bill Gates Is Still Super Rich, But No Longer The World's Richest Person
7 Smart Ways To Make Your Business Environmentally-Friendly
What Firing An Employee Teaches You About Your Company's Culture





Home
About Us
Disclaimer and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise


			AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance
		




©2017 24/7 Wall St.		|
Powered by WordPress.com VIP






































































































































































ORESSA LTD IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ORESSA LTD IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ORESSA LTD


Company Address
10 PORTMAN SQUARELONDON W1H 6AZ


Company Phone
443331362400


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
David Wall


Employees  (as of 12/31/2014) 
7300


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (11/17/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NYSE


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$100,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001645763




We estimate that we will receive net proceeds from the concurrent offerings of 
our Class A common shares and Units of approximately $       million (or
approximately $       million if the underwriters exercise their overallotment
option in connection with the Units Offering in full), assuming an initial
public offering price of $      per Class A common share, the midpoint of the
estimated range of the initial public offering price, after deducting
underwriting discounts and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us.
A $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed public offering price of $      per
Class A common share would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to us from these
offerings by $       million, after deducting underwriting discounts and
estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us and assuming no other change
to the number of Class A common shares or Units offered by us as set forth on
the cover page of this prospectus. The net proceeds of these offerings and the
Debt Financing will be used to acquire the Ardagh Metal Packaging Business in
the Separation.

Our parent company has granted the underwriters an option to purchase up 
to      additional Class A common shares in connection with the offering thereof
to cover overallotments. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any
additional Class A common shares pursuant to this overallotment option.


While competition for value-added cans is based on quality, innovation and
customer service, competition for high volume, undifferentiated cans is based
primarily on price. The relative proximity of service plants to customers is
also a competitive factor, as transporting formed cans beyond a certain distance
generally becomes uneconomical. Competition is therefore often regional rather
than national or international and also varies by can size and specification,
depending on regional competitors' capabilities. Customer requirements are
becoming more demanding, which we believe will benefit manufacturing companies
with multinational coverage, a competitive cost base, high quality products,
outstanding customer service and a broad product portfolio.

Europe

Our major competitor in the European metal can packaging market is Crown
Holdings, Inc. In addition, there are a number of smaller regional producers,
who often compete within individual end-use categories or in individual regions
or countries of Europe.

North America

In food and pet food cans, Silgan Holdings, Inc. is our main U.S.
competitor, and other competitors include Crown Holdings, Inc. and Ball
Corporation. We are the North American leader in the seafood category, and
production in the rest of the category is relatively fragmented.


Company Description
We are a leading supplier of innovative, value-added metal can packaging for
the consumer products industry. We supply a broad range of products, including
two-piece aluminum and tinplate and three-piece tinplate cans, and a wide range
of can ends, including easy open ("EZO") and peelable ends.


 Many of our products
feature high-quality printed graphics, customized sizes and shapes or other
innovative designs. These innovative products provide functionality and
differentiation and enhance our customers' brands on the shelf.

We supply metal can packaging to a wide range of consumer-driven end-use
categories including food (processed food such as fruit, vegetables, soups,
sauces, ready meals and pet food), seafood, aerosols (personal care and
household products), nutrition & custom (including dairy and infant nutrition
powders, as well as other customized packaging), and paints & coatings. We have
dedicated manufacturing facilities and sales teams organized around serving
these end-use categories. We enjoy leading positions in nearly all categories in
which we compete. Over 80% of our revenue is derived from categories where we
believe we hold #1, #2 or #3 positions.

With approximately 1,300 customers across more than 70 countries, we sell our 
products to a diverse range of multi-national companies, large national and
regional companies, and small local businesses. Our customers include a wide
variety of Consumer Packaged Goods companies ("CPGs"), including some of the
best known brands in the world. Over half of our 2014 revenue was from
multi-year contracts, with the balance largely subject to annual arrangements.
We have a highly stable customer base, characterized by long-standing
relationships, including an average relationship of over 30 years with our ten
largest customers.

We operate 54 production facilities in 20 countries and employ approximately
7,300 personnel. Generally, our plants are strategically located to serve our
customers, with some facilities located on-site at our customers' filling
locations. Our facilities require significant up-front investment, have long
useful lives and have relatively modest on-going maintenance capital expenditure
requirements. We operate our facilities with a focus on continuous improvement,
applying Lean Manufacturing techniques ("Lean Manufacturing" or "Lean") which
focus on eliminating waste while delivering quality products at minimum cost and
with the greatest efficiency. To supplement our Lean efforts, we formed our
Operational Support Group ("OSG") to standardize and share best practices across
our network of plants.

Consistent with our commitment to market leading innovations, we maintain a
dedicated research and development ("R&D") center in Crosmières, France, which
has developed numerous award-winning innovations and solutions for our
customers. This center focuses on three main areas of R&D: (i) innovations that
provide improved product design, differentiation and usability; (ii) innovations
that reduce metal content to generate cost savings (down-gauging); and
(iii) developments to meet evolving food safety standards and regulations.

We believe the combination of our manufacturing footprint, cost efficient
operating model and focus on innovation enables us to grow our business and
improve our competitive position while expanding our margins and generating
significant cash flow. Our operational footprint has been enhanced through both
acquisitions and strategic "greenfield" (new construction) investments. We have
made recent strategic growth investments in new facilities in the United States,
supported by a long-term contract with a major U.S. customer. These facilities
provide scalable capacity to supply our innovative products to new and existing
U.S. customers. In addition, we believe we are the first manufacturer in the
United States and Canada of two-piece Draw & Wall Ironing ("DWI") cans with both
external and internal BPA NIA ("Bisphenol A Not Intentionally Added") lacquers,
which are specifically designed to address perceived health considerations in
response to customer and end-consumer demands. 

In 2012, we commenced a footprint optimization program following the acquisition
of Impress Group, FiPar and Boxal from 2010 to 2012, with the objective of 
lowering our cost base and enhancing our operating efficiency. In 2013, we 
initiated a multi-level footprint optimization and business repositioning, where
we focused on optimizing our operational footprint, personnel structure and 
approach to customer engagement. These processes resulted in plant closures, 
plant consolidations, relocation of production lines to lower cost regions and 
investments in new capacity in these regions. As a result, we moved more of our
production capacity for can components to lower cost and centralized locations 
in Eastern Europe, which enables us to ship materials to our broader European 
network on a more cost effective basis. As part of our footprint optimization 
and business repositioning, we reorganized our sales force to better align with
our customer categories, which, together with our ongoing improvement 
initiatives, has resulted in a more efficient operating model. By the end of 
2014, we had further streamlined our footprint through the sale of non-core 
operations in Australia, New Zealand, American Samoa and Greece.
---

Our executive offices are located at 10 Portman Square, London W1H 6AZ,
United Kingdom.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$1,072,000,000


Net Income
$18,000,000


Total Assets
$2,640,000,000






Total Liabilities
$2,793,000,000


Stockholders' Equity
-$155,000,000




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ORESSA LTD
RW
11/17/2016
Filing



ORESSA LTD
F-1/A
10/13/2015
Filing



ORESSA LTD
F-1/A
8/14/2015
Filing



ORESSA LTD
F-1
6/23/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Company Counsel
Shearman & Sterling LLP


Lead Underwriter
Citigroup Global Markets Inc


Lead Underwriter
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.


Lead Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Barclays Capital Inc


Underwriter
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC


Underwriter
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6369.51


-53.24
 ▼ 
0.83%





DJIA

21760.46


49.45
 ▲ 
0.23%





S&P 500

2471.66


-6.17
 ▼ 
0.25%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017 | 3:41PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. Announces Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2017
                        



	                     3:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Emerge Energy Services LP Announces the Opening of a New Terminal in the Permian Basin
                        



	                     3:26PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar bounces back after hitting long-term lows, bolstered by U.S. data
                        



	                     3:20PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Old National Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend
                        



	                     3:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Oressa Files for IPOHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 19 mins.S&P 5002,471.20-6.63 (-0.27%)Dow 3021,761.23+50.22 (+0.23%)Nasdaq6,368.46-54.28 (-0.85%)Today's ChartsTODAY'S CHARTS: High expectations for Amazon earningsOressa Files for IPOChris Lange24/7 Wall St.June 23, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareOressa Ltd. filed an F-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). No terms were given in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million. The company intends to list on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol ORES.The sole underwriter for the offering is Citigroup.The company is a supplier of value-added metal can packaging for the consumer products industry. It supplies a broad range of products, including two-piece aluminum and tinplate and three-piece tinplate cans, and a wide range of can ends, including easy open and peelable ends. Many of the products feature high-quality printed graphics, customized sizes and shapes or other innovative designs.ALSO READ: 9 Cities Running Out of WaterThis can packaging is applicable to a wide range of consumer-driven end-use categories from seafood to paints and coatings. Oressa has dedicated manufacturing facilities and sales teams organized around serving these end-use categories.With approximately 1,300 customers across more than 70 countries, the company sells its products to a diverse range of multi-national companies, large national and regional companies, and small local businesses.Oressa operates 54 production facilities in 20 countries, and it employs approximately 7,300 personnel. Generally, the plants are strategically located to serve customers, with some facilities located on-site at the customers' filling locations.Revenue for the period was €1,850 million. The operating profit and Oressa’s loss for the same period were €70 million and €79 million, respectively. The total capital expenditure associated with recent investments in the United States is $200 million through the end of December 2014, of which $139 was invested in 2014.ALSO READ: UBS Says to Buy Only These 2 Stocks for CybersecurityThe company was formed on June 16, 2015, to acquire Ardagh Group and plans to use the proceeds of the IPO to fund the acquisition.FULL FILINGRelated ArticlesTop Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alcoa, FireEye, MetLife, Micron, Symantec and MoreThe States With the Strongest and Weakest UnionsThe Poorest Town in Each StateReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextCramer's lightning round: Remember my order for the top semiconductor equipment stocksCNBCEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredWhy Roku Is Doing Better Than Google And AppleFortuneCenturyLink CEO to employees: 'We are not perfect,' 'keep your spirits up'Denver Business JournalCitigroup CEO touts the $100 billion goldmine Citi took from American ExpressCNBCDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStocks jump to new all-time highs as Boeing earnings boost DowYahoo FinanceRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceJP Morgan's top market guru just identified a chilling pattern in the stock marketYahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderHome Capital cedes gains as regulatory concerns weighReutersThrive Market CEO: socially conscious companies can change Big Food for the betterYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredStocks give back gains after hitting new highs; Amazon, Intel & Starbucks earnings loomYahoo FinanceUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 5737










Oressa Ltd - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC















Oressa Limited research information - IPO Boutique





  





Oressa Limited IPO AdvisoryIPO Research - IPO Boutique




<< Return Home
















  IPO Boutique Blog
  FREE IPO Newsletter


IPO Central


              IPO Calendar
              IPO Pipeline
              Track Record
              Sample IPO
              Rating Scale
              IPO Primer



Secondaries


              Current Week
              Track Record
	      2015 Secondaries
              2014 Secondaries
              2013 Secondaries
              2012 Secondaries
              2011 Secondaries
              2010 Secondaries
              Secondaries Primer



Media




            International publications
 quoting IPO Boutique
 
            founder Scott Sweet
            



General Info


              About Us
              Contact Us
              Testimonials
              Announcements
              Disclaimer
              Site Map














Company
Symbol
Price Range
Issue Price
Open
Shares
Trade Date
Oressa LimitedORES [ NYSE ]
TBD
$0.00
$0.00TBD 
Underwriter(s): Citigroup, Deutsche Bank Securities, Goldman Sachs & Co., Barclays, J.P. Morgan, Credit Suisse
Co-Manager(s): 
Filing(s): Filed 2015-06-23Underwriters Added 2015-10-13








For IPO Boutique's "scale of 1 to 5" BUY rating on Oressa Limited, and our comprehensive analysis, click the "Buy Market Research" link.
Oressa Limited Historical Chart - Click chart for current quote




About Oressa Limited (adapted from Oressa Limited prospectus): They are a leading supplier of innovative, value-added metal can packaging for the consumer products industry. This description is adapted from  prospectus. This description is not intended to be a recommendation to buy stock from this company. To see the company's full description, view their prospectus. 


Share this IPO Profile: 











IPO Boutique aggregates information on public companies and private companies, such as  "ORES" IPO, which is intended to educate our readers and help them evaluate potential investment opportunities and market conditions. We endeavor to research the financial industry and obtain independent verification of factual statements before presenting them to our users. Be informed. 



Need a recommendation? Visit our Testimonials page and see over 200 investors singing our praises.
Used our Comprehensive Single Promo Advisory and want more? We also offer a monthly or annual subscription �


© 2005 - 2017 IPO Boutique. All Rights Reserved








Oressa Ltd - Funded Companies in Related Industries

































































RPC












 








 Ardagh puts flotation of Oressa in  US on hold 



























































































































  The Irish Times  
Thu, Jul 27, 2017


 


  
  



  


























































By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy.
				X





















Ardagh puts flotation of Oressa in  US on hold
 Decision to postpone New York launch follows Digicel dropping of float plan last month    



Tue, Nov 3, 2015, 01:03




Barry O'Halloran




 Paul Coulson, chairman and Edward Kilty, group chief executive, at the Ardagh plc Annual General Meeting, in Dublin, on Monday: the company has put its US plans on hold because of “challenging” market conditions.  Photograph: Eric Luke









 
 



 



 

 Irish-owned packaging group Ardagh insists it still intends to launch part of its business on the New York Stock Exchange despite putting those plans on hold because of “challenging” market conditions.
The Paul Coulson-controlled Ardagh recently said its metals division, Oressa, had filed documents with US financial regulator, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), indicating that it intended to offer its shares for sale on the New York market. The move was expected to earn about €2 billion for the group.
However, Ardagh said on Monday that, while its preparations were virtually complete, conditions for companies launching on the stock exchange in the United States were challenging and, as a result, it did not believe it would be wise to go to the markets at this time.
“The group plans to keep the situation under constant review and to remain ready to launch the initial public offering (IPO) as soon as market conditions are suitable,” Ardagh’s statement added.
It is understood it intends to keep updating its SEC filings to ensure it its ready to float Oressa once it believes market conditions are more suitable.
Ardagh’s move follows last month’s decision by Denis O’Brien’s telecoms group, Digicel, to drop its plans to float part of the company on the New York market because of recent volatility.
Ardagh decided to pursue a flotation of Oressa after talks with a number of potential private equity buyers failed to match expectations.
Mr Coulson stressed to industry analysts during a conference call on Monday flotation remained “very much” part of Ardagh’s plans and the group was prepared to go ahead with its IPO of Oressa’s shares when conditions allow.
When it announced the flotation, Ardagh said that it intended to use some of the cash raised to pay off part of its €5.3 billion debt. The group borrowed the money to pay for a buying spree that has quadrupled the size of the business over four years.



Ardagh, which has its roots in the old Irish Glass Bottle Company, bought rivals in Europe and the Americas, growing into a business with €4.7 billion revenues a year and 89 factories in 21 countries.
 
Client list Its clients include Heineken and AB Inbev, which brews Budweiser, as well as the likes of food processor John West and beauty products manufacturer L’Oréal.

Early in 2014 it completed the €1 billion purchase of bottle maker Verallia North America, from French group, St Gobain. However, it dropped out of the race to buy the European arm of the same business early this year.
At the same time, it signalled both its plans to float Oressa and its intention to cut some of group’s liabilities. Mr Coulson told analysts on Monday that reducing debt remained a priority.
The group has continued to push to add €200 million to earnings, bringing them to €950 million a year. They stood at €910 million at the end of the third quarter.
Simon West, analyst with Moody’s Investors’ Service, which assesses companies’ abilities to repay their debts, said Ardagh’s decision to shelve the Oressa flotation was unlikely to alter its credit rating, as that was never factored into any money that it might have raised from equity markets.
“From our perspective, it is likely to remain unchanged. The fact that the flotation has been delayed it not such a big credit negative,” he said. 






 
 



 














Topics:
Denis O Brien
Mr Coulson
Paul Coulson
Simon West
Securities And Exchange Commission
Ardagh
Digicel
Oressa
Verallia North America
Europe
United States


















 Subscribe.


       
    





				  	                More from The Irish Times
	              			




Economy




 
US abandons tax move aimed at bringing companies home





Technology




 
New electric skateboards boast impressive range





Soccer




 
PSG view €220 million Neymar as the man to kickstart project





Retail & Services




 
Profit growth slows at Zara parent








				  	                Sponsored
	              			




 
Wild islands of the Wild Atlantic Way





 
The Dublin story at the heart of Powers Whiskey





 
Lough Boora Fairy Festival fundraiser for Barretstown





 
Ageless beauty: “We need to embrace natural beauty more”































Latest Business





							Prosecution over Clerys redundancies set to proceed
						
20:20



							US abandons tax move aimed at bringing companies home
						
20:15



							Commercial property returns up 2.1% in three-month period
						
19:20



							Drop in AstraZeneca shares dominate European markets
						
19:06



							Conroy Gold shareholder alleges oppression
						
18:47








Most Read in Business


1

State’s largest truck importer Robert ‘Pino’ Harris has died



2

‘People will say: Athenry, that’s the crowd that stopped Apple’



3

RTÉ’s 2fm adds listeners as Today FM slips back



4

US abandons tax move aimed at bringing companies home



5

Prosecution over Clerys redundancies set to proceed



6

Bank of Ireland paves way for return of dividend



7

State could be Blockchain leader if Government takes initiative - expert



8

Galway game-changer in fight against antibiotic resistance



9

Ballydoyle stables staff worked up to 19 hours a day, Labour Court told



10

Concerned pilots say deregulation has undermined their work




Real news has value SUBSCRIBE



















 








Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com

















For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings






Sign In















Sign In





Forgot Password?


Don't have an account?
Subscribe




 




Subscriber Only Articles



The ePaper



Subscriber Rewards




Subscriber Tour



Breaking news app



IT Sunday




My Account




eBooks




Email Newsletters




Crossword Club




Newspaper Archive




Sign Out






SUBSCRIBE













  
  





Thu 27/7/2017
































Forgot Password?


Sign In


Invalid email or password.


Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe










Subscriber Only Articles
Specially selected and available only to our subscribers




Subscriber Rewards
Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations




Subscriber Tour
Explore the features of your subscription




Crossword Club
Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords




Newspaper Archive
150 years of Irish Times journalism




My Account
Manage your account




IT Sunday
Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers




eBooks
Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing




Email Newsletters
Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox




The ePaper
An exact digital replica of the printed paper




Breaking news app
Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go



Sign Out






 

















Can it: Ardagh spinoff Oressa files for an IPO that could raise $300 - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Can it: Ardagh spinoff Oressa files for an IPO that could raise $300


June 23, 2015, 04:40:11 PM EDT
By Renaissance Capital, Renaissance Capital









































Shutterstock photo



Oressa, the metal can packaging division of Ardagh Group, filed
on Tuesday with the SEC to raise up to $100 million in an initial
public offering. However, the deal size is likely a placeholder for
an IPO that we estimate could raise $300 million.



Oressa competes with Crown Holdings (
CCK

) and Silgan Holdings (
SLGN

). Another global consumer packaging company, Albea (
ABEA

), has been on file for a $150 million IPO since July 2014, though
it last updated its filing in September.



The London, United Kingdom-based company, which traces its roots to
Ardagh's founding in 1932 and booked €1.9 billion in sales for the
12 months ended December 31, 2014, plans to list on the NYSE under
the symbol ORES. Citi is currently listed as the sole bookrunner on
the deal. No pricing terms were disclosed.



The article
Can it: Ardagh spinoff Oressa files for an IPO that
could raise $300

originally appeared on IPO investment manager Renaissance Capital's
web site renaissancecapital.com.


Investment Disclosure:

The information and opinions expressed herein were prepared by
Renaissance Capital's research analysts and do not constitute an
offer to buy or sell any security. Renaissance Capital, the
Renaissance IPO ETF (symbol: IPO)

or the
Global IPO Fund (symbol: IPOSX)

, may have investments in securities of companies mentioned.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
News Headlines                           
                            
                                , IPOs





Referenced Symbols:

                                        CCK
                                    
, 

                                        SLGN
                                    
, 

                                        ABEA
                                    
, 

                                        ORES
                                    












More from Renaissance Capital



Subscribe




Upcoming IPOs
Global IPO Volume














Related IPOs Articles




Subscribe







Sienna Biopharmaceuticals prices IPO at $15 midpoint


						7/26/2017 08:49 PM
					



Argand Partners SPAC Industrea Acquisition prices $200 million IPO at $10


						7/26/2017 05:53 PM
					



JOBS Act Bears Fruit This Summer


						7/26/2017 02:11 PM
					














Contributor:Renaissance Capital
IPOs



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





CCK








100%



Rate It





SLGN








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































