

MATTHEW A OUIMET - MARYLAND, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



MARYLAND



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MATTHEW A OUIMET
                                    



 





















M 


MATTHEW A OUIMET
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



812 COUNTY HIGHWAY 42 MARYLAND, NY 12116
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $63,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009, Matthew A Ouimet has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Maryland. Matthew A Ouimet has estimated annual revenues of $63,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.









































Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet Reveals the Secret of Running a Successful Amusement Park | HuffPost





























































Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close

















THE BLOG


07/28/2014 09:11 pm ET
|

Updated
Sep 27, 2014



Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet Reveals the Secret of Running a Successful Amusement Park






By Jim Hill






























For Matt Ouimet, the president and CEO of Cedar Fair Entertainment Co., a typical day at the office really is a walk in the park.
"To be honest, I don't think I'd like this job if I was forced to be cooped up in an office.  When you work in the amusement park business, you have to see where things are working and you have to see where they're not," Ouimet admitted in a recent phone interview. "I couldn't be one of those guys who'd try and run a place like Knott's Berry Farm just by sitting in his office and working off a spreadsheet. I'm sure there are others who can do that, but I'm not one of them. I probably would not be as good at this job if I couldn't regularly get out in the parks."
Mind you, given the 11 amusement parks that Matt rides herd on are spread across the United States and Canada, staying on top of what's going on at each of these Cedar Fair properties involves an awful lot of travel.


"Take -- for example -- how I'll be spending the next two weeks. I leave Knott's on Sunday -- actually Monday morning -- and then I start my road trip. I'm going to Toronto to see our new dark ride, Wonder Mountain's Guardian. This attraction actually has a lot in common with Disney World's new Seven Dwarfs Mine Train ride. It's a coaster track, though Wonder Mountain's Guardian has the longest interactive screen in the world which features a gaming element where you then try to get the top score," Ouimet explained. "And by the time I get back to Cedar Point toward the end of this month, l will have managed to have hit all of our parks -- and most of that is good."
Of course, one of the biggest challenges that Matt faces is recognizing that each of these amusement parks is different. That they all have their own personalities.
"That's one of the main reasons Cedar Fair has different names on all of our parks. We don't try and put them under one big brand. They're all unique in their own special ways," Ouimet stated. "Take -- for example -- Knott's Berry Farm which is right in the middle of one of the most competitive theme park markets in the world. Within 60 miles of Knott's, you have LEGOLAND California, you have SeaWorld San Diego, you have Universal Studios Hollywood and you have the Disneyland Resort. So in the Southern California market, it's really important to figure out who you are and then be extremely disciplined about it."


"I mean, think about it. Knott's Berry Farm can't be about the movies. And we can't be about fantasy. We have to be who we are," Matt continued. "So when it comes to Knott's, we want to be that place where having fun is still fun. Or as Raffi Kaprelyan -- the Vice President and General Manager at Knott's Berry Farm -- says 'where people can still have organically grown fun.' We want to be the theme park in this market that's uncomplicated, affordable, familiar but still has a few surprises."
"So that's our goal with Knott's Berry Farm. To occupy that space in the highly competitive Southern California marketplace, to be comfortable with that space and not try and be one of those other guys. One huge advantage we have in this market is that  people still have a strong affinity for what the Knott's family created," Ouimet said. "So I hope that -- with the respectful upgrades & improvements we've made to Ghost Town, the Timber Mountain Log Ride, the Calico Mine Train and Camp Snoopy over the past three years -- we wind up being known as the community park, not the corporate park. And to some degree, I think being a little smaller has probably worked to our advantage with Knott's." 
It's worth noting here that all of the changes that Matt & his team have made since he came on board at the Cedar Fair Entertainment Co. in June of 2011 have had a significant impact on Knott's Berry Farm's bottom line. Just last year, this Buena Park institution had the most successful year (from both an attendance standpoint as well as a profitability point-of-view) ever. And given that Knott's is the second most profitable park in the Cedar Fair system, that's a really nice feather in Ouimet's cap. 
"And the good news is we're not done with Knott's. We've got a five year plan in place for this theme park. And I'm hoping that -- with Cedar Fair's help -- I'll then have the privilege of turning that into a ten year plan," Matt enthused. "It's not exactly a closely guarded secret that -- when it comes to Knott's -- we're trying to figure out what to do with the area where Kingdom of the Dinosaurs & Knott's Bear-y Tales used to be located. Assuming that the Wonder Mountain's Guardian ride works out, there will probably be some lessons that we learned up in Canada that we can apply down here in Buena Park."


It's worth noting here that Knott's Berry Farm isn't the only Cedar Fair property to be singled out by Ouimet for some much needed TLC.
"Next year is Carowind's year. We've announced we're making a major investment in that park. $50 million over the next few years. And we're really looking forward to it," Matt said.   
But just as he did when Ouimet took his first stroll around Knott's Berry Farm and identified the areas in that theme park that could be plussed & improved, Matt and his team walked the length of Carowinds. Looking for ways they could improve that amusement park while still preserving its obvious charms.


"In the end, I want people to think of the Cedar Fair parks like they do their best friend's house if they live out of town," Ouimet explained. "You know when you go there that you're going to have fun. You're going to be welcome. You're going to relive some memories as well as create some new ones. You're going to laugh. And it's always something you're going to look forward to."
But again you just don't see those areas that can be plussed or improved if you're hunched over a spreadsheet. Which is why -- several times a year -- Matt hops on a plane, travels to all 11 amusement parks  and then puts on his walking shoes.
"I've always prided myself on the ability to look at the amusement park experience through the guest's eyes which is why I still like to be out in the parks. I still like to walk around, make sure the guests are still having a good time," Ouimet said.


"I mean, it's honestly not that complicated. People don't want things to be too expensive. They want to be able to have fun with their friends and their family. They want to eat a nice meal while they're in the park. They want to experience some new rides as well as revisit some old favorites. And they want to laugh a little bit. If you can consistently deliver that experience -- and that's what we try to do at each of our Cedar Fair properties -- people will come back again and again," Ouimet concluded.











Follow Jim Hill on Twitter:
www.twitter.com/jimhillmedia














Jim Hill




Entertainment journalist and Walt Disney Company expert






MORE:

Cedar Fair


Universal Studios Hollywood


Raffi Kaprelyan


Cedar Fair Entertainment Company


Matt Ouimet




































































Subscribe to the Entertainment email.
Home to your favorite fan theories and the best movie recs.













































Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet Reveals the Secret of Running a Successful Amusement Park































































































需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Matthew Ouimet | CP Guide







































Home
Contact Us
Crowd Expectations
Park Hours
Park Webcams
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
 








CP Guide Your online guide to Cedar Point Amusement Park 




Home
About

Contact


Inside The Park

Live Shows

2008 Shows

All Wheels Extreme
Country UNLEASHED
Hot Summer Lights
Signed, Sealed, Delivered
Snoopy’s Big Bow Wow
The Misadventures of Molly and Maverick


2009 Shows

All Wheels Extreme
Got Country
Hot Summer Lights
Live Music at the Palace
Signed, Sealed, Delivered
Snoopy’s Big Bow Wow


2010 Shows

All Wheels Extreme
Everyone Loves Snoopy
Grand Ole Country
Hot Summer Lights
Rock Band, Live
Starlight Experience
Tropical Heat, Island Beat


2011 Shows

All Wheels Extreme
American Portrait
Everyone Love Snoopy
Grand Ole Country
Rockin’ the Point
Starlight Experience
Tropical Heat, Island Beat




Rides

Removed Rides
Roller Coasters

Blue Streak
Cedar Creek Mine Ride
Corkscrew
Disaster Transport
Gemini
Iron Dragon
Jr. Gemini
Magnum XL-200
Mantis
Maverick
Mean Streak
Millennium Force
Raptor
Top Thrill Dragster
Wicked Twister
Wildcat
Woodstock Express


Spinning Rides

Calypso
Cedar Downs Racing Derby
Kiddy Kingdom Carousel
Matterhorn
Midway Carousel
Monster
Scrambler
Super Himalaya
Wave Swinger


Thrill Rides

Chaos
Demon Drop
Dodgem
maXair
Ocean Motion
Power Tower
Skyhawk
Troika
WindSeeker
Witches’ Wheel


Tranquil Rides

Antique Cars
Cadillac Cars
CP & LE Railroad
Giant Wheel
Paddlewheel Excursions
Sky Ride
Space Spiral
Turnpike Cars


Water Rides

Shoot the Rapids
Snake River Falls
Thunder Canyon




What’s New

2009 Season

Starlight Experience


2010 Season

2010 Construction Watch


2011 Season

2011 Construction Watch


2012 Season




Planning

Admission Prices
Crowd Expectations
July Fourth Info
Park Hours


CP Guiders
History
Photos

Upload


Fun

Webcams


 


RSS Feed


YouTube


Flickr


Twitter


Facebook















Posts tagged Matthew Ouimet





 

Memo: Cedar Point to build coaster in 2013

0

5 years ago

by Andrew
        
                in News and Updates, News Stories, Ride Watch, Rides, RollerCoasters




From the Sandusky Register…
SANDUSKY
Cedar Fair stands ready to spend big money on a new roller coaster for 2013 at Cedar Point that will change the park landscape.
Code-named “CP Alt.Winged,” the coaster will have the “longest drop, run the fastest and be the longest ride” of its kind, Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet wrote in Feb. 15 memo to Cedar Fair’s board of directors.
The total projected cost of the project is $25 million, a price that includes removing the park’s Space Spiral and Disaster Transport rides and restructuring the park entrance.
Ouimet was unavailable for comment Tuesday.
Lee Alexakos, corporate vice president of marketing, declined to confirm the information in the memo.
“We have not announced any plans for 2013 but we did announce a $25 million investment,” Alexakos said. “This will be one of the largest capital expenditures ever.”
Alexakos said that with any ride or attraction Cedar Point undertakes, the company is always looking to set records.
The Swiss-based Bolliger & Mabillard Consulting Engineers is set to design the new ride, which was described in the memo as having a “Front Gate Statement— a roller coaster that flies overhead, rolls and flies back— highly visible above guests entering the park.”
The firm designed Cedar Point’s Raptor.
A winged coaster is designed to suspend riders on wings to the sides of the rails so there is no track above or below the guest.
Engineering schematics show a proposed coaster with gravity defying twists, curves and rolls.
“Rob Decker (Cedar Fair VP of planning and design) and others have done a great job of creating a compelling, economically attractive new coaster for Cedar Point,” Ouimet wrote. “We believe this particular ride design with this particular manufacturer balances the desire for marketable innovation and risk associated with early adaptations of prototypes.”
Bolliger & Mabillard designed the first winged coaster for installation in Italy at a park known as Gardaland. The Six Flags Great American park outside of Chicago also has one of the company’s winged coasters, called X-Flight.
The new ride at Cedar Point could promise to be a work horse available to guests at almost any time they are in the park.
“Rob talked to operators of the first one in Italy and found no unanticipated negatives and very high ride reliability (less than 1 percent operational downtime).
Design plans show the new ride with a 170-foot tall lift that will fly overhead of park guests entering the park. It will have the longest track and longest ride time of any coaster of its style as it flies overhead, rolls and then fly back.
The huge roller coaster will dominate the front gate and the track will travel over a large parking area at the park.
“We have several coasters that cover parking lots,” Ouimet wrote. “Not necessarily ideal, but certainly acceptable given tight site constraints and the amount of land such attractions require.”
Disaster Transport and the Space Spiral both would have to come down if the site plan currently under consideration is chosen.
Part of the $25 million investment will also include renovations and upgrades at the park entrance from the parking lot.
Cedar Point general manger John Hildebrandt was not available for comment on Tuesday.
Tweet 

 2012 Cedar Fair Cedar Point CEO CP Guide CP2013 Disaster Transport Matthew Ouimet May 2012 News Ride Watch Rides RollerCoasters Space Spiral Stories 








 

New Cedar Fair CEO has fresh outlook on fun

0

5 years ago

by Andrew
        
                in Attractions, Behind the Scenes, Dinosaurs Alive, News and Updates, News Stories, Off Season, Rides, RollerCoasters



From the Toledo Blade…

SANDUSKY — Walking along Cedar Point amusement park’s Midway and arriving at a spot where a new light-lasers-and-fireworks show will entertain guests this June, Matt Ouimet, Cedar Fair LP’s ebullient new chief executive officer, can no longer contain himself.
“Isn’t that a great view?” he says, gazing across a plaza where a large video screen has been removed to reveal the towering Millennium Force roller coaster bathed in the sunlight of a cloudless blue sky.
“We really should be open today. What a great day,” said Mr. Ouimet, not bothering to conceal his pride in Cedar Point, which this day is devoid of people other than a handful of workers painting, repairing, and primping the grand old amusement park for its May 12 opening.
The excitement in Mr. Ouimet’s voice is audible, the bounce in his step visible, and the twinkle in the eye of the former Disney Co. executive perceptible.
Although he spent 17 years as a trusted Disney lieutenant running its historic Disneyland theme park and popular cruise line, it is clear that in Sandusky, the 54-year-old Mr. Ouimet knows he finally is captain of his own ship: Cedar Fair, the nation’s third-largest amusement park chain with 11 parks, including the flagship Cedar Point, plus six water parks and five hotels.
Mr. Ouimet, who also spent short stints running Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide and Corinthian Colleges, was chosen last June to be president of Cedar Fair and heir-apparent to longtime company executive Dick Kinzel. When Mr. Kinzel retired on Jan. 1 after 25 years with Cedar Fair, Mr. Ouimet gained the CEO title and the keys to the candy store, so to speak.
The new CEO’s acumen as an amusement park executive is well documented — he developed and implemented a comprehensive strategic plan leading to a significantly improved and sustained performance for Disneyland’s 50th anniversary in 2005. And the Cedar Fair board clearly found in Mr. Ouimet a kindred replacement for Mr. Kinzel, whose fondness for walking the midway and riding the roller coasters revealed him to be both a top executive and a big kid at heart.
Mr. Ouimet acknowledged that if a staff meeting were to drag on too long, he isn’t above calling a halt and taking the participants into the park to ride a coaster, something he did one day last summer.
Above all, the new CEO said that he’s honored to be Cedar Fair’s new custodian and plans to take the company’s parks in directions they may not have gone before to enhance their value not just for customers, but also investors.
“A person once told me that there’s a difference between revering history and respecting history. Respecting history reminds you to look at what’s really important and learn from it,” Mr. Ouimet said. “Revering it means you never change anything, and if you don’t make change … we won’t be here in 20 or 30 years.
“And so I think that’s the delicate balance. When you’ve got such a loyal audience, you know you’re always going to have somebody disappointed that the ride they rode as a 5-year-old is no longer here,” Mr. Ouimet said. “But I hope they’re equally excited or more excited about what replaced it. I think that’s one of the hardest parts of my job is to try to figure out where change is good and where legacy is good.”
Though a confirmed Disney disciple — he still slips up and calls employees “cast members” about half the time — Mr. Ouimet said he has no plans to Disney-fy Cedar Fair.
The Millennium Force gets some new paint. A string of unseasonably warm days has helped maintenance workers get a jump-start on sprucing up the park before it opens on May 12. THE BLADE/AMY E. VOIGT
Instead, he said, he plans to use lessons he learned from the premier theme-park firm wherever applicable at the Sandusky-based chain.
“It’s funny, but when I was considering this job I went back to the history here — there’s some wonderful books on it — and what you realize is there’s a lot of parallels,” Mr. Ouimet said. “I think the other thing that’s common here is the value system of the people who visit us and the people who work here,” he said.
“Disney was really founded on Midwestern values, and I think that, clearly in the Cedar Fair portfolio, that’s part of the DNA both for our guests and for our employees. That’s maybe why I feel as comfortable as I do here,” he said.
Last week Mr. Ouimet was having a hard time staying at his desk, the warm weather and sprucing up of Cedar Point beckoning him into the park like a siren’s song.
“So the good news is the weather was, I’m told, unseasonably warm. Clearly we’ve been able to get ahead of our maintenance and cosmetics and annual maintenance scheduled,” he said. “So the Millennium Force is almost fully painted, the Blue Streak is almost done, the Giant Wheel is almost done.”
However, special lighting for the park’s new nighttime show, “Luminosity: Ignite the Night,” is proving more complex than he imagined.
“That will be a little bit of crunch time, but that show doesn’t launch until the beginning of June, so I’ve got a little bit more time to work at night. But obviously when I open the park in May I don’t want the consumer to see a lot of construction,” Mr. Ouimet said.
At Disneyland, Mr. Ouimet and other Disney execs always were aware of Cedar Fair and its southern California venue, Knott’s Berry Farm. Disney never viewed Knott’s as a true competitor, Mr. Ouimet said, but it was always jealous of the Sandusky company’s ability to turn high profits.
“I studied Cedar Fair on and off for 20 years. They were known — and I give Dick Kinzel the credit for this — as great operators. … We studied them and marveled at the quality of the product they could deliver and still deliver the margins they delivered, because that was, candidly, where my focus was,” Mr. Ouimet said. “How could they do this and still deliver the returns they did to their investors?”
Mr. Ouimet admits he “never fully cracked the code.”
Now in control of Knott’s, Mr. Ouimet admits it would be nice if Disney executives looked his way and wonder how he does it. “I hope my former colleagues feel a little pressure. I know that they’re paying a little more attention,” he said.
If Disney officials are paying attention they might recognize a similar philosophy, a “kind of emotional sentiment” that Mr. Ouimet plans to emphasize at Cedar Fair.
“We are successful here if I can get you to come with your family and friends and laugh and smile. I’ve created value for you and value for my shareholders,” Mr. Ouimet said. “And whether it be Cedar Point, Knott’s, Kings Island, or Kings Dominion, that’s really our mission.”
Mr. Ouimet is convinced laughs and smiles go best with friends and family. And while Cedar Fair parks have been good at providing thrills, a friend and family connection may have been somewhat overlooked.
In response, it will launch a new marketing campaign, “Thrills Connect,” to show people that they can go to a Cedar Fair park, never get on a coaster, but still have a great day with family.
“We want to remind people that time with family, time with friends is precious. This is the place to spend it,” Mr. Ouimet said.
Over time, Mr. Ouimet said he plans to build more rides that families, from a young child to a grandmother, can enjoy together.
“I think that we’re known for thrill rides. I think we will always be known for thrill rides. But there clearly is an opportunity to expand the offering for children,” Mr. Ouimet said. “So you’ll see us over time try to make sure we’re adding enough for the young families. Because if I can get you to come at that age …you start your relationship with us earlier, you stay with us longer. I’m absolutely convinced of it.”
Several Cedar Fair’s parks have room to add family rides, but Cedar Point, built on a peninsula, has always been land-challenged. But Mr. Ouimet said the problem isn’t huge. There are underutilized areas, and employee dormitories on the grounds could be relocated off the peninsula, he said.
Mr. Ouimet said the most under-used attraction at Cedar Point is its beach — which was the focus of the park when it was founded in 1906.
“You can come here and not even know we have a beach. So one of the things we’re going to encourage people to do is make more use of the beach, because it’s nice,” said Mr. Ouimet, adding that he plans to add cabanas, tents, chairs, and other recreational services this summer to lure more visitors to the Cedar Point beach.
Mr. Ouimet could have started his tenure as CEO slowly, but he seemed determined to hit the ground running when his hiring was announced last June. The company, which had record revenues of $1.028 billion, profits of $72.2 million, and a record attendance of 23.4 million in 2011, had already announced last year a new $1 million attraction, Dinosaurs Alive!, for 2012 at its flagship Cedar Point park. The attraction, which made its debut last year at Kings Island near Cincinnati, is being duplicated at three other parks.
But Mr. Ouimet wanted customers to have more.
He ordered the creation of Luminosity, a mix of lights, lasers, fireworks, music, and dancing that reportedly will cost $6 million and, he hopes, entice people to stay longer in the park. If the show performs as expected, it will be duplicated next year at other parks.
He also asked for and got two new Peanuts characters — Woodstock and Franklin — to delight children at the park’s Camp Snoopy area, and he will have a Snoopy show to fill the Luminosity stage in the daytime.
The former Disney executive also turned his focus on three other items he hopes will make a difference: food, marketing, and ecommerce.
Cedar Point used to be known for its delicious french fries, but the recipe was labor-intensive. So several years ago it abandoned its popular recipe in favor of quicker service.
“[Operations vice president] Phil Bender, who runs about half of our parks for us, is now bringing back the original recipe at all the parks. …It will take us longer, but they should taste really, really good,” Mr. Ouimet said.
“The food in the parks, to some degree, has been an afterthought. So this year we’re going to have in our major burger places all fresh burgers, never frozen,” he said. “So with those, the french fries, and we’ve got some other little surprises that we’re going to do for the food, we’re trying to make that part of it a little better.”
Marketing, in Mr. Ouimet’s view, wasn’t a Cedar Fair strength. So he created a chief marketing officer position and filled it with Kelly Semmelroth, a former Disney colleague.
“I needed someone like Kelly, who can take what I would call modern marketing techniques. She is very much into CRM — customer relationship marketing — which is, ‘How much do I understand my consumers?’ ‘How do I capture their information?’ ‘How do I communicate with them in the digital era?’ ”
If the individual parks gathered that information it would have produced 11 databases, Mr. Ouimet said. But Ms. Semmelroth can centralize data to find economies of scale, yet still allow each park the independence to do what is needed for their markets, he added.
An area where Mr. Ouimet already has made progress is ecommerce. Previously, each park had its own Web site and methods of ticket sales. But late last year the new CEO standardized the Web sites so they can offer discounts on tickets and other premium services.
“From a system technology standpoint, the rides were as technologically advanced as anything you’ll see in the industry. From a back of the house standpoint, we were probably behind the curve,” Mr. Ouimet said of Cedar Fair’s previous technological efforts.
The growth of smart phones and other devices has necessitated new ways to reach customers, he said.
“The way I see it today is, before you grab your car keys to go on a road trip to Cedar Point, you grab your keyboard to see what you’re going to do and what tickets you’re going to buy,” he said. “So clearly, today when somebody sees our commercial on television, I guarantee you the vast majority are going to the Web site, and I needed that Web site to be able to be of value to the consumer.”
In return, Cedar Fair can communicate with its guests in ways it couldn’t before, the CEO added.
“I can now talk to every kid instantly, and I think that’s how you balance out the technology side. I guarantee you we’ll come up with things we haven’t even thought of yet using technology for people to enjoy the parks better, to stay in touch with each other.”
Tweet 

 2012 Shows April 2012 Attractions Behind the Scenes Cedar Fair Cedar Point CEO CP Guide Dinosaurs Dinosaurs Alive Matthew Ouimet Millennium Force News Off Season Rides RollerCoasters Stories 








 

New Cedar Fair CEO Seen Ridding Millennium Force on July 31st

0

5 years ago

by Andrew
        
                in Cedar Fair, News and Updates, Rides, RollerCoasters, VIPs




I was in the park on Sunday, July 31st, when John Hildebrandt and Matt Ouimet came onto Millennium Force for a ride during early entry.
Tweet 

 2011 Cedar Fair Cedar Point CEO CP Guide July 2011 Matthew Ouimet Millennium Force RollerCoasters 








 

Former Disney exec named president of Cedar Fair

0

6 years ago

by Andrew
        
                in Cedar Fair, News and Updates, News Stories



From the Sandusky Register…
SANDUSKY
Cedar Fair said Monday it has found a successor for Dick Kinzel, the longtime Cedar Fair CEO who made Cedar Point the roller coaster capital of the world.
The new leader is Matthew Ouimet, 53, a former executive for the Walt Disney Co. and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.
Ouimet began work Monday in Cedar Fair’s Sandusky office, in the back of the park, as the new president of Cedar Fair. When Kinzel, 70, retires on Jan. 3 as CEO, Ouimet will succeed him.
In an interview, Ouimet (pronounced “We MET”) said he plans to keep the company’s headquarters in Sandusky and will make sure Cedar Point remains the “crown jewel” of Cedar Fair’s family of amusement parks.
“I see no logic to moving out of Sandusky,” said Ouimet, who, along with his wife, will move to Ohio from Orange County, Calif.
Investors will get a look at Cedar Fair’s new leader when the company hosts its annual meeting at 9 a.m. July 7 at the Cedar Point Center at BGSU Firelands.
Ouimet spent 17 years with Disney, including handling the financial management of Disney’s parks and projects in California, Florida and France as the company’s senior vice president; running the Disney Vacation Club, and serving as president of the Disney Cruise Line and Disneyland Resort. More recently, he served as president of Starwood Hotels and Resorts, overseeing 900 properties in 90 countries, and was president and CEO of Corinthian Colleges. Ouimet is also on the board of Collective Brands, which owns the Payless ShoeSource chain.
Disney emphasizes qualities such as service and cleanliness and has a culture similar to Cedar Fair’s, Ouimet said.
“I grew up in a culture that was all about quality,” Ouimet said.
He said his visits to Cedar Fair parks such as Knotts Berry Farm and meetings with Cedar Fair officials showed Cedar Fair has a similar focus.
“It is clear to me this team has extremely high standards,” Ouimet said.
He said he shares Cedar Fair’s philosophy of keeping its parks clean.
“I can’t walk through a park and leave anything on the ground,” he said.
C. Thomas Harvie, Cedar Fair’s chairman of the board, said Ouimet was the right man to lead Cedar Fair into the future.
Harvie cited Ouimet’s track record of finding growth opportunities and his background in resort development, finance, marketing and operations.
The board met other candidates who were well-qualified, Harvie said.
“The board agreed that Matt stood out from the rest due to his strategic business mindset and his natural and engaging leadership style,” Harvie said.
“Matt is an impressive business and operational executive whose character and values will be a great complement to the strong Cedar Fair culture,” Kinzel said.
The Q Investments family of companies, controlled by Texas investment banker Geoffrey Raynor, has warned it might oppose a new Cedar Fair CEO if it didn’t approve of the board’s choice.
On Monday, Q released a statement reserving judgment on Ouimet, but pushing Q’s position that unitholders should be allowed to nominate members of Cedar Fair’s board.
“We have no current comment on the hiring of Mr. Ouimet. However, regardless of whether the company hires Matt Ouimet or Warren Buffett, it does not change the fact that unitholders should have the right to nominate their own directors. We will continue to take every step necessary to ensure unitholders ultimately receive this right, which 95 percent of voting unitholders demanded at the last special meeting,” the Q statement said.
Tweet 

 2011 Cedar Fair Cedar Point CEO CP Guide Dick Kinzel June 2011 Matthew Ouimet News Stories 








 

Cedar Fair names former Disney executive Matthew A. Ouimet president of the company

0

6 years ago

by Andrew
        
                in Cedar Fair, News and Updates, News Stories



Matthew A. Ouimet

Ouimet brings deep amusement park and resort industry experience and a rich understanding of financial, operational and brand management to this leadership role


Ouimet will succeed CEO Dick Kinzel on January 3, 2012, as part of Company’s CEO succession planning process

SANDUSKY, OHIO, June 20, 2011 – Cedar Fair Entertainment Company (NYSE: FUN) today announced that Matthew A. Ouimet has been named president of the Company, effective immediately. Ouimet, 53, will succeed Dick Kinzel, 70, as chief executive officer, who will retire upon the expiration of his contract on January 3, 2012. Today’s action is in line with Cedar Fair’s previously announced CEO succession planning process.
Ouimet is a 20 year veteran of the amusement park and hospitality industry, of which 17 years were spent with the Walt Disney Company (“Disney”). During his tenure with the global entertainment conglomerate, he had the opportunity to work in a wide range of business lines with increasing levels of responsibility. Highlights of his tenure at Disney include serving as:

Senior vice president, finance and business development, and chief financial officer of the Disney Development Company, in which he was responsible for the financial management of Disney’s resort, theme park and corporate real estate projects in California, Florida and France;
Executive general manager of Disney Vacation Club, where, through expanded marketing and sales initiatives, Disney established itself as a major competitor in the timeshare industry;
President of Disney Cruise Line, where his team built the most successful family cruise product in the industry;
President of the Disneyland Resort, where he and his team developed and implemented a comprehensive strategic plan that resulted in significantly improved and sustained performance for Disneyland’s 50th anniversary and beyond.

In 2006, Ouimet was recruited to serve as the President of Starwood Hotels & Resorts, overseeing 900 owned, managed and franchised hotel properties in 95 countries. In this capacity, in support of brand-driven pricing premiums, he drove an operational focus on delivering a guest experience consistent with the characteristics of each of Starwood’s hotel brands, including St Regis, Westin, Sheraton, W Hotels and five other brands. In 2008, Ouimet joined Corinthian Colleges, a $2 billion, publicly-held, post-secondary education company which operates in the U.S. and Canada. As President and Chief Operating Officer, Ouimet championed executive talent development and the expansion of management and systems infrastructure to support rapid growth in the student population and expanded regulatory complexity.
“Without question, Matt is the right leader to join Cedar Fair now as it builds momentum on its renewed path of sustained, profitable growth in 2011 and beyond,” said C. Thomas (“Tom”) Harvie, independent chairman.  “Throughout his career, Matt has proven to be a critical thinker and effective business strategist with an enviable track record for identifying growth opportunities within existing businesses in the amusement park and resort industry. His broad and diverse background in resort development, finance, marketing and operations will allow him to integrate quickly into Cedar Fair.
“While our thorough search process with the assistance of the executive search firm Korn/Ferry International enabled us to meet with and consider many extremely qualified candidates, the Board agreed that Matt stood out from the rest due to his strategic business mindset and his natural and engaging leadership style,” said Harvie.
“Matt is an impressive business and operational executive whose character and values will be a great complement to the strong Cedar Fair culture,” said Dick Kinzel, chief executive officer. “I look forward to working with him over the coming months to ensure a seamless leadership transition.”
Ouimet currently serves on the Board of Collective Brands, Inc., a $3.4 billion global enterprise encompassing the internationally recognized footwear brands of Payless, Sperry Top-Sider, Stride Rite and Saucony, where he serves as a financial expert on the audit and finance committee. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree majoring in accounting from State University of New York at Binghamton.
“I am thrilled to join this successful Cedar Fair leadership team. I am particularly pleased to have the opportunity to work closely with Dick Kinzel and to continue to build on his legacy in years to come,” said Matt Ouimet. “Cedar Fair is a wonderful company – its properties are vibrant and extremely well-run, its reputation is superb, and the record-setting 2010 performance has put us on a path to deliver the positive financial results Cedar Fair has long been known for. I am truly honored to have this opportunity and sincerely thank the Board for entrusting me with this critical leadership role at this pivotal point in Cedar Fair’s evolution.”
“On behalf of the Board, the management team and all of our colleagues past and present, I would like to thank Dick Kinzel for his unparalleled vision, passion and selfless dedication to Cedar Fair over the years,” said Harvie. “Without Dick, Cedar Fair would not have the opportunities or the growth potential it has today. He has been the heart and soul of this organization for many, many years and, while he can be succeeded, he can never be replaced. We wish Dick and his wonderful family all the very best as he moves into his well-deserved retirement at the end of the year.”
Kinzel began his career in the amusement park industry at Cedar Point in 1972. In 1986, he was named president and chief executive officer of Cedar Fair, L.P., the parent company of the parks, which was listed on The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FUN) in 1987. Kinzel also served as chairman of the Board from 2003 to 2010.
 
Tweet 

 2011 Cedar Fair Cedar Point CEO CP Guide Dick Kinzel June 2011 Matthew Ouimet News Stories 






















Advertisement


Today’s Park Hours
Open Today: 10am - 10pm
Open Tomorrow: 10am - 10pm





More Hours »
Crowd Expectations »
Topics 

Admission (19)



Combination Tickets (5)



Season Passes (4)





Attractions (9)



Dinosaurs Alive (3)



Luminosity: Ignite The Night (6)





Basic Blogs (6)



Awards (1)



Cedar Fair (38)



Tips and Tricks (2)



Travel Reports (2)





Behind the Scenes (13)



Castaway Bay (1)



Food (8)



Halloweekends (19)



Haunted Houses (14)



Scare Zones (4)





Media (11)



Apps (2)



Audio (1)



Photos (6)



Videos (2)





News and Updates (184)



Deals (25)



Events (65)



Jobs (4)



News Stories (157)



VIPs (8)





Off Season (21)



Fun (2)





Rides (73)



Carousels (1)



Ride Construction (15)



Ride Watch (16)



RollerCoasters (32)



Spinning Rides (12)



Thrill Rides (19)



Tranquil Rides (5)



Water Rides (19)





Shows (12)



2010 Shows (3)



2011 Shows (3)



2012 Shows (3)





Soak City (2)



Water Slides (1)





Our Latest Tweets 

Like Us On Facebook

Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
 














Recent Comments


Cedar Point Memories – Part 13 – Spiraling Into Space – Creeva's World 2.0
[…] Image from MyCPGuide […]
1 year ago




Cedar Point Memories – Part 20 – Goodbye Disaster Transport and Space Spiral – Creeva's World 2.0
[…] Image from MyCPGuide […]
1 year ago




Monster Legends Astuce
Monster Legends Astuce

Facebook Fans will be the First to Learn about Cedar Point’s Expansion Plans | CP Guide
2 years ago




Andrew
Here or on Cedar Point's website.
5 years ago


Show More
Recent Posts


Disaster Transport closes forever Sunday (0)

From wkyc.com…
SANDUSKY — A Lake Erie legend is about to be silenced forever. The Disaster Transport indoor roller coaster at Cedar Point  […]
4 years ago




Cedar Point teases about new 2013 attraction (0)

From wkyc.com…
SANDUSKY — There’s a lot of buzz brewing up along the shores of Lake Erie, and it’s all because of a pair of white,  […]
5 years ago




Disaster Transport makes final launch for charity (0)
SANDUSKY, Ohio, July 13, 2012 — After 28 seasons of launching riders to Alaska and outer space, Disaster Transport will complete its last  […]
5 years ago


Show More
 

 Powered by WordPress and Mystique theme by digitalnature | RSS Feeds

CP Guide is not affiliated with Cedar Point or Cedar Fair, L.P.
An Andrew Borgen Site 













Go to Top
































 



 Cedar Fair Names Former Disney Executive Matthew A. Ouimet President of the Company 
         










    










 






 











 









Cedar Fair Names Former Disney Executive Matthew A. Ouimet President of the Company

		  -- Ouimet brings deep amusement park and resort industry experience and a rich understanding of financial, operational and brand management to this leadership role-- Ouimet will succeed CEO Dick Kinzel on January 3, 2012, as part of Company's CEO succession planning process
		

Jun 20, 2011, 08:58 ET
		  		  										
						 from   Cedar Fair Entertainment Company 











 
















































 

 




















 


SANDUSKY, Ohio, June 20, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Cedar Fair Entertainment Company (NYSE:   FUN) today announced that Matthew A. Ouimet has been named president of the Company, effective immediately. Ouimet, 53, will succeed Dick Kinzel, 70, as chief executive officer, who will retire upon the expiration of his contract on January 3, 2012. Today's action is in line with Cedar Fair's previously announced CEO succession planning process. 
Ouimet is a 20 year veteran of the amusement park and hospitality industry, of which 17 years were spent with the Walt Disney Company ("Disney").  During his tenure with the global entertainment conglomerate, he had the opportunity to work in a wide range of business lines with increasing levels of responsibility. Highlights of his tenure at Disney include serving as:
Senior vice president, finance and business development, and chief financial officer of the Disney Development Company, in which he was responsible for the financial management of Disney's resort, theme park and corporate real estate projects in California, Florida and France;Executive general manager of Disney Vacation Club, where, through expanded marketing and sales initiatives, Disney established itself as a major competitor in the timeshare industry; President of Disney Cruise Line, where his team built the most successful family cruise product in the industry;President of the Disneyland Resort, where he and his team developed and implemented a comprehensive strategic plan that resulted in significantly improved and sustained performance for Disneyland's 50th anniversary and beyond.
In 2006, Ouimet was recruited to serve as the President of Starwood Hotels & Resorts, overseeing 900 owned, managed and franchised hotel properties in 95 countries.  In this capacity, in support of brand-driven pricing premiums, he drove an operational focus on delivering a guest experience consistent with the characteristics of each of Starwood's hotel brands, including St Regis, Westin, Sheraton, W Hotels and five other brands.  In 2008, Ouimet joined Corinthian Colleges, a $2 billion, publicly-held, post-secondary education company which operates in the U.S. and Canada.  As President and Chief Operating Officer, Ouimet championed executive talent development and the expansion of management and systems infrastructure to support rapid growth in the student population and expanded regulatory complexity.  
"Without question, Matt is the right leader to join Cedar Fair now as it builds momentum on its renewed path of sustained, profitable growth in 2011 and beyond," said C. Thomas ("Tom") Harvie, independent chairman.  "Throughout his career, Matt has proven to be a critical thinker and effective business strategist with an enviable track record for identifying growth opportunities within existing businesses in the amusement park and resort industry.  His broad and diverse background in resort development, finance, marketing and operations will allow him to integrate quickly into Cedar Fair.
"While our thorough search process with the assistance of the executive search firm Korn/Ferry International enabled us to meet with and consider many extremely qualified candidates, the Board agreed that Matt stood out from the rest due to his strategic business mindset and his natural and engaging leadership style," said Harvie.
"Matt is an impressive business and operational executive whose character and values will be a great complement to the strong Cedar Fair culture," said Dick Kinzel, chief executive officer. "I look forward to working with him over the coming months to ensure a seamless leadership transition."
Ouimet currently serves on the Board of Collective Brands, Inc., a $3.4 billion global enterprise encompassing the internationally recognized footwear brands of Payless, Sperry Top-Sider, Stride Rite and Saucony, where he serves as a financial expert on the audit and finance committee.  He earned a Bachelor of Science degree majoring in accounting from State University of New York at Binghamton.  
"I am thrilled to join this successful Cedar Fair leadership team.  I am particularly pleased to have the opportunity to work closely with Dick Kinzel and to continue to build on his legacy in years to come," said Matt Ouimet.  "Cedar Fair is a wonderful company – its properties are vibrant and extremely well-run, its reputation is superb, and the record-setting 2010 performance has put us on a path to deliver the positive financial results Cedar Fair has long been known for. I am truly honored to have this opportunity and sincerely thank the Board for entrusting me with this critical leadership role at this pivotal point in Cedar Fair's evolution."
"On behalf of the Board, the management team and all of our colleagues past and present, I would like to thank Dick Kinzel for his unparalleled vision, passion and selfless dedication to Cedar Fair over the years," said Harvie. "Without Dick, Cedar Fair would not have the opportunities or the growth potential it has today. He has been the heart and soul of this organization for many, many years and, while he can be succeeded, he can never be replaced. We wish Dick and his wonderful family all the very best as he moves into his well-deserved retirement at the end of the year." 
Kinzel began his career in the amusement park industry at Cedar Point in 1972. In 1986, he was named president and chief executive officer of Cedar Fair, L.P., the parent company of the parks, which was listed on The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:   FUN) in 1987.  Kinzel also served as chairman of the Board from 2003 to 2010.
About Cedar Fair
Cedar Fair is a publicly traded partnership headquartered in Sandusky, Ohio, and one of the largest regional amusement-resort operators in the world.  The Company owns and operates 11 amusement parks, six outdoor water parks, one indoor water park and five hotels.  Amusement parks in the Company's northern region include two in Ohio: Cedar Point, consistently voted "Best Amusement Park in the World" in Amusement Today polls, and Kings Island; as well as Canada's Wonderland, near Toronto; Dorney Park, PA; Valleyfair, MN; and Michigan's Adventure, MI.  In the southern region are Kings Dominion, VA; Carowinds, NC; and Worlds of Fun, MO.  Western parks in California include: Knott's Berry Farm; California's Great America; and Gilroy Gardens, which is managed under contract.  
Contact:
Stacy Frole
(419) 627-2227


 SOURCE  Cedar Fair Entertainment Company  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.cedarfair.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jun 23, 2011, 16:26 ET
Preview: Riding Roller Coasters for a Cause













Jun 16, 2011, 17:12 ET
Preview: Q Investments Continues Its Costly Campaign of Misinformation With Its Latest Lawsuit Against Cedar Fair






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Mar 03, 2017, 18:02 ET
Cedar Fair Reports 2017 First-Quarter Results








Mar 03, 2017, 18:02 ET
Cedar Fair Conference Call Notice








Mar 03, 2017, 18:02 ET
Cedar Fair 2016 K-1 Tax Packages Now Available











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Matthew  Ouimet's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
O
Ouimet

Matthew  Ouimet




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 369301128Matthew  Ouimet2111 WhitfieldOrlando, FL 32835Age 59 (Born Mar 1958)(407) 296-5490Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301129Matthew  Ouimet91 White SandsTrabuco Canyon, CA 92679(949) 709-7047Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301130Matthew  Ouimet18 BeckfordBeverly, MA 01915(978) 922-1294Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301131Matthew  Ouimet4202 50thSeattle, WA 98105(206) 528-3812Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301132Matthew  Ouimet4851 CedarFresno, CA 93726(559) 225-6648Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301133Matthew J Ouimet8004 CamminareSarasota, FL 34238(941) 927-7160Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301134Matthew J Ouimet899 PlymouthChicago, IL 60605Age 53 (Born Sep 1964)(312) 987-1886Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301135Matthew J Ouimet9865 GlenburrFishers, IN 46038Age 53 (Born 1964)(317) 578-3606Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301136Matthew J Ouimet1115 PlymouthChicago, IL 60605Age 53 (Born Sep 1964)(312) 786-0068Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301137Matthew J Ouimet6 LeadbeaterAlexandria, VA 22305Age 51 (Born 1966)(703) 739-2431Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301138Matthew J Ouimet5094 Pine HillNoblesville, IN 46038Age 53 (Born 1964)(317) 877-8224Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301139Matthew J Ouimet7755 AsterellaSpringfield, VA 22152Age 52 (Born Sep 1965)(703) 451-0333Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301140Matthew J Ouimet5094 Pine HillWestfield, IN 46074Age 53 (Born 1964)(317) 877-4049Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301141Matthew A Ouimet2438 DragoonMesa, AZ 85204Age 41 (Born 1976)(480) 969-0078Background Check - Available
Record ID: 369301142Matthew A Ouimet812 County Highway 42Maryland, NY 12116Age 41 (Born Jan 1976)(607) 638-9383Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017




Cedar Fair's (FUN) CEO Matt Ouimet on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Cedar Fair's (FUN) CEO Matt Ouimet on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 3.17 | About: Cedar Fair, (FUN) Cedar Fair, L.P. (NYSE:FUN)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 3, 2017 10:00 am ET
Executives
Stacy Frole - VP of IR
Matt Ouimet - CEO
Brian Witherow - EVP and CFO
Analysts
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities
Chris Prykull - Goldman Sachs
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities
Tyler Batory - Janney Montgomery Scott
Barton Crockett - FBR Capital Markets
Michael Swartz - SunTrust
Operator
Good day and welcome to the Cedar Fair First Quarter Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.
At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Stacy Frole. Please go ahead.
Stacy Frole
Thank you, Cynthia. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. I'm Stacy Frole, Cedar Fair's Vice President of Investor Relations. Earlier today, we issued our 2017 first quarter earnings release. A copy of that release can be obtained on our website at www.cedarfair.com under the Investor's tab or by contacting our Investor Relations offices at 419-627-2233.
On the call this morning are Matt Ouimet, our Chief Executive Officer; Richard Zimmerman, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Witherow, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Before we begin, I need to remind you that comments made during this call will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in such statements. For a more detailed discussion of these risks, you can refer to filings made by the company with the SEC.
In compliance with SEC regulation FD, this webcast is being made available to the media and the general public as well as analysts and investors. Because the webcast is open to all constituents and prior notification has been widely and unselectively disseminated, all content of the call will be considered fully disclosed.
Now, I will turn the call over to Matt Ouimet.
Matt Ouimet
Thank you, Stacy. And thank you for joining us this morning. As you'd expect our main focus during the first quarter is to prepare our seasonal parks for opening. Not very firm, our year around park in Southern California is our only park with meaningful first quarter operations. And with summer fast approaching as of today, we have eight properties in operation and our flagship park Cedar Point is set to open this weekend for its 148th operating season.
We will keep our prepared remarks brief this morning because as noted in our release, our first quarter operations represent less than 5% of our expected full year net revenues. As such, we would caution that our results in the first quarter are not indicative of performance for the remainder of 2017. Additionally, our first quarter results are not directly ccomparable with the prior year due to later timing of the Easter and spring break holiday this year. To normalize for this counter shift, I will speak to attendance and revenue trends through the end of April, which will provide you with a better understanding of our early season trends.
Preliminary net revenues through the end of April achieved a new record high of $124 million up 2% when compared with the first four months of last year. During this time, guest spending is up 2%, well attendance was comparable with last year's record number of visits.
As I expect you anticipated, Knott's Berry Farm's first quarter performance was below expectations due to the drought-correcting rains in California. However the continued growth and the popularity of Knott's Boysenberry Festival and return to more normal Southern California weather resulted in record attendance revenues and per caps in April for Knott's.
Similarly, several of our early opening seasonal parks gotten of solid starts helping to drive the strong April results. Kings Dominion, our park in Richmond, Virginia had its best April in years. While Carowinds in Charlotte North Carolina had its strongest single weak for spring break in the park's history continuing to validate our confidence in this park's long-term potential.

Meanwhile, our newest wooden coaster at Kings Island opened to rave reviews with the park's seasonal pass holder event being the best attended attraction opening in the park's history. This great thrill ride combined with intriguing story line and digital special effects is clearly hitting the mark and positions the park for what should be another great year. We recognized that this time of year, our investors are looking for data points that may prove predictive of our annual results. I would remind you that more than two-thirds of our attendance comes from advance purchase commitments including season pass sales, group bookings, resort reservations and purchases made on our e-commerce platform. To-date approximately 50% of anticipated season pass sales have been made while bookings for hotel rooms and group outings are little earlier in this cycle. Our top line message is that early season trends and advance purchase commitments continue to support a very positive outlook for 2017.
Season pass revenue is up 10% with both unit prices and unit sales up nicely. Also every one of our all season products including food, beverage and photo continue to grow in volume and penetration rates. Meanwhile team registrations at the new Sports Force Parks at Cedar Point are well ahead of our first year expectations. We expect to build on this early season momentum when two of our largest investments this year, the renovation, expansion of our separately gated water parks at Cedar Point and Knott's Berry Farm open at the end of May.
Cedar Fair's disciplined attention to detail will be obvious to our guests as we've taken this opportunity to not only add new thrill slides but also wet playground specifically designed for young families, new food facilities with shaded seating areas, new bars, hundreds of new chairs and umbrellas and expanded amenities such as private cabanas. These changes will drive near term results and will serve us well for many years to come.
These early season reference points along with the other new attractions that I will discuss later. Allow us to remain confident that we will achieve our FUNforward 2.0 goal of $500 million of adjusted EBITDA by the end of 2017, a year earlier than planned.
Now I will turn the call over to Brian to discuss the first quarter results in detail. Brian?
Brian Witherow
Thanks Matt. As Matt briefly touched on earlier, first quarter represents less than 5% of our full year net revenues. Given the seasonal nature of our business the majority of our revenues realized during 130 to 140-day timeframe beginning in our second quarter. Most of our revenue is concentrated in the peak vacation months of July and August and in recent years that has been supplemented with growing amount of revenue stemming from our popular activities surrounding the Halloween season and more recently with our WinterFest celebrations.
Our first quarter results were slightly softer than our internal expectations due to the drought-correcting rains in California. However, with the success of our spring time events in April we're now slightly ahead of where we expect it to be, for this time of year. Net revenues for the three months ended March 26, 2017 were $48 million compared with $58 million in the first quarter a year ago.
The decrease was primarily driven by the timing shift of the Eastern spring break holidays which occurred in the first quarter of 2016 as well as a decline in the first quarter attendance due to the record rainfall in Southern California. To a lesser extent 2017 also did not have the benefit of the Super Bowl events we hosted in January of 2016 at our California's great America amusement park.
Looking at preliminary results through the end of April, which as Matt indicated normalized due to the calendar shift associated with the later timing of Easter and spring break, early season net revenues were $124 million up 2% or $3 million when compared with the same four-month period last year. We are pleased with the early season strength in our average in-park guest per capita spending, which is up 2% while at the same time being able to maintain our record attendance levels we experienced during this time last year.

Looking at longer lead indicators for a moment, our advance purchase commitments including season pass sales, group event bookings and the sale of all season products such as all season dining and all season beverages are trending up from the same time last year. This positive momentum is reflected in our deferred revenues which are up approximately 10% through the first four months of 2017 when compared with the same period last year.
Operating cost and expenses for the first quarter totaled $117 million comparable with the prior year quarter and in line with our expectations. I should note operating cost for the first quarter include normal off season operating maintenance and administrative expenses at our seasonal amusement and water parks and daily operations in Knott's Berry Farm and Castaway Bay.
Before I turn the call back over to Matt, I would like to give a nod [ph] to our corporate finance and corporate legal teams who along with our banking partners help solidify our capital structure for the next several years. As many of you have seen in the beginning of April we announced the completion of $1.5 billion refinancing which included the issuance of $500 million in new tenure, senior unsecured notes, a new 7-year $750 million term loan and a new 5-year $275 million revolving credit facility.
We were very pleased with both the favorable rates and tenure we were able to secure which locks in historically low rates for a longer period of time. Our average cost of debt going forward is expected to remain inside of 5.2% with our nearest term maturity being a revolving credit facility in 2022. For modelling purposes, cash interest cost are expected to be between $85 million to $90 million for the foreseeable future.
Overall, we're very pleased with our results of April and the early season trends in our advanced purchased commitments. Which puts us on pace to deliver our eighth straight record year. Last Friday, we celebrated 30 years of trading on the New York Stock Exchange since going public in April of '87, our focus has been and always will be on optimizing the use of free cash flow to maximize unit holder value in both the short and long-term.
This includes making strategic high ROI capital investments at our parks in continuing to grow our distribution, which currently represents an attractive tax advantage yield of approximately 4.8%. This strategy has allowed us to operate through several recessions while still delivering a 17% compound annual total return to investors over this 30-year period. We believe we're well positioned to continue that success for the foreseeable future.
Now I'll turn the call back over to Matt.
Matt Ouimet
Thank you, Brian. As you've heard from us today early trends and advance purchase commitments guest spending and attendance through this past weekend, all support our positive outlook for the year and our confidence that we will achieve our $500 million adjusted EBITDA goal in 2017.
We also expect new investments will contribute to top line growth over the long-term. In 2017, you will see more example of investments that will add to our bottom line in the current year and for the years to come. Notably this includes the recently opened amateur sports facility at Cedar Point. Based on tournament registration to-date, we're forecasting the number of teams participating in this first year will easily exceed our first year expectations. Equally important the comments from the players, coaches and parents confirm this is absolutely one of the finest amateur sports experiences in the country with teams already making plans to return in 2018.
Much of the credit for the successful launch of the sports complex goes to our operating partner Sports Force. They have delivered a world-class facility and now had matched it uncompromised commitment to operating excellence. When Cedar Point opens this weekend, we will also be opening our recently renovated expanded and rebranded Cedar Point Express Hotel. This investment will enhance the peel of the park as a regional resort destination for many years to come and the additional 69 rooms will take advantage of the demand from the new sports complex.

I've already mentioned a very successful opening Kings Island had with their new world class wooden roller coaster Mystic Timbers. We are equally pleased with the guest response to Patriot a new coaster experience at California's Great America. Similar to Rougarou at Cedar Point in 2015, we took an older less popular stand up roller coaster and converted it to a floorless coaster, this ride conversion is extremely cost effective, adds capacity and is highly marketable. We're excited about the potential it represents at Great America, this year.
As I mentioned earlier, at our two largest park Cedar Point and Knott Berry Farm, we're making sure the adjacent water parks deliver the same quality guest experience as their counterparts do. We know that water parks have broad family appeal. We design the parks for all ages and we have found over the years, whenever we invest in water parks we see a direct correlation to the growth of our premium season passes.
Along with the expansion and renovation of resort accommodations at Cedar Point, the water park allows us to further expand our geographic draw for those guests looking for multi-day vacation. Given the large scale of these projects, we were able to incorporate elements specifically design to encourage and accommodate expanded guest spending. Most notably, our food and beverage facility are now centrally located, are capable of high volumes and have expanded menus.
On another front, at Worlds of Fun our park at Kansas City Missouri, we've opened the latest of our modern catering facilities, which service our growing group business. We also took the opportunity to create a welcoming and efficient front gate experience with a nod to the park's history and unique brand.
In regards to our multi-week seasonal events, we've received an impressive response to our [indiscernible] to the operating season at three more parks this year - Kings Island, Carowinds and Worlds of Fun with WinterFest celebrations. While difficult to isolate, we're confident the announcement of these events has served as a catalyst for our favorable season pass sales at these parks.
I'm proud of decisions we've made to drive our business in 2017 and we're confident this will be another record year for Cedar Fair. Well we are laser focused on 2017, construction has already begun on multiple high impact tractions that will come online in 2018. As we look to build on Cedar Fair's history we'll adding to our collection of world class coasters including a completely new type of coaster, a dramatic transformation of two of our historical wooden coasters and a renewed relationship with a manufacturer who we have worked with recent history that will add another coaster and deepen our pool of ride manufacturers. It is this type of innovation that will allow us to continue to grow beyond our near term goals.
In any given year, the three primary drivers of our top line performance are appeal of new attractions. The products we offer in the parks that encourage incremental spending and the effectiveness of our marketing and sales programs. Well we've have talked in depth today about the first two drivers, I don't believe we've given enough credit to the impact of our multi-year marketing campaigns, that have driven so much of our recent success.
We continue to move forward with our branding initiatives, will be founded and embracing the heritage of our unique brands and strategically operationalizing [ph] those brands lead to a guest experience unmatched by other generic amusement parks. We've now completed an in depth brand analysis six of our 11 amusement parks. As we've discussed in the past, this analysis directly informs our investment strategy, works across all departments and functions and supports strong consumer loyalty.

For example, our branding work at California's Great America is referenced on a daily basis as we move forward with our long-term strategies as park, now that the rezoning has been approved. We see many opportunities positioned as park, as the Bay Area's backyard and a place for family and friends look together and connect on a regular basis during all times the year.
Finally, as a result of our branding initiative and as our e-commerce platform continues to grow, we are introducing new websites across all of our parks. Most are already up and running with all parks sites expected to be updated with the new format by the end of this month. Our new park websites that are greater visual design which we believe creates an impactful first impression and enhance guest engagement. These new sites allow us to have targeted conversations depending on the individuals interest and family dynamics. This in turn allows our guest to quickly sort to the offers most relevant to them.
I encourage all of you to visit some of these sites yourself including Cedar Point, Canada's Wonderland and Carowinds. With that, we now open the call for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] we'll take our first question from James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman
The 2% revenue growth, let's forget about the first quarter but focus on the first four months, because it's little bit more normalized of a number. It still sounds like you think that number would have been better in the absence of some bad weather earlier in the quarter. I guess put another way, it kind of sounds like you expect that 2% to accelerate over the remainder of the year or I'm not looking it at the right way.
Matt Ouimet
Yes. I think, you're looking at it the right way James. We had a really strong April and so given what we saw in the first three months in California which I appreciate the acknowledgment that it's only [indiscernible] park at that point. I think that we are very pleased with what happened once the weather normalized and obviously this [indiscernible] with the calendar shift as well.
James Hardiman
Got it and then, obviously you guys don't give guidance in most years, but we've essentially got guidance with this $500 million.
Matt Ouimet
Yes, we've kind of consolidated that at this point, I understand.
James Hardiman
Exactly. So I guess I was wondering as I think about at least call it 4% growth in that adjusted EBITDA number for this year, it seems very doable. But how should I think about the various components, anything you can tell us attendance versus per cap versus margin expansion. I know some years you have to call inaudible based on what you see as the season develops. But sort of high level, how do you think about those various levers this year?
Matt Ouimet
James I think, I would say to you that our expectation is probably very similar to where we ended up last year. I think we're working really hard to be able to grow attendance at the same time as you grow per cap and squeeze a little bit of margin out as well. As you know the margin is important to us, but we tend to reinvest substantially and the guest experience to continue to drive a premium per cap. But I'd say, if I elevated all the way up this year I think our expectations would be similar to what we saw last year.
James Hardiman
Got it and then lastly, from me. It's hard enough to figure out the revenue impact of the Easter shift, but maybe help us a little bit with the cost impact. I'm assuming that, most of the park you still have to have the operating expenses in place even if Easter is getting pushed out. I guess I ask more with respect to trying to figure out, how to model 2Q in the margins and maybe there is a benefit in 2Q where is it, was a headwind in 1Q. Anyway to think about how will that flow through?

Brian Witherow
James this is Brian. I think you hit on it a little bit there. With calendar shift, clearly there's some variable cost that are associated with the attendance that moved along with that calendar shift. That said, the majority of the parks are in there as we said on the call, sort of in there preparing for the upcoming season. So the dollars, those dollars sort of reside, where they reside there is not a lot of shift associated with that. As I mentioned on the call, we didn't host Super Bowl events this year like we did last year, so there was a little bit hit for the revenue line related to that, but at the same time some cost savings at Great America, now offsetting that however were some cost associated with taking down the WinterFest events if you will at Great America as we prepare for that park's opening late first quarter.
So all in all, I would say operating cost, little bit of savings related to the loss of attendance at Knott's Berry Farm because of the weather and some of the calendar shift, but mostly of our downtime costs are going to stay where they reside irrespective of the calendar.
James Hardiman
But is it safe to say that margins were hurt in 1Q and will benefit somewhat in 2Q from the Easter shift?
Brian Witherow
The dollars are so small, I wouldn't say it really had any meaningful impact one way or the other around - as it related to margins.
James Hardiman
Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] we'll take our next question from Chris Prykull with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Prykull
Just had a couple related to some of the longer term initiatives that you've outlined, maybe starting with the sports complex up at Cedar Point and understanding it's still early given the Park itself isn't open, but can you give us any details in terms of what you're seeing around turnout at the new sports complex, average number of teams, the number of players and then the guest that they actually bring along with them and then any expectations for sort of hotel and park attachment once Cedar Point opens.
Matt Ouimet
Chris this is Matt. Good talking to you. Look I'll give you some broad kind of feedback on that but it's so early we really don't have any metrics that we'll be comfortable giving you the model. But look, we're very encouraged by what we've seen the awareness and demand for the complex, is ramping up a lot faster than we anticipated. We got lot to learn as I referenced and so we're not going to talk about attendance and hotel forecast. What I can tell you, is Sports Force released publicly recently that, they're forecasting more than 1,000 teams in the initial year and keep in the mind the majority of these teams come from outside Ohio and we believe that the associated attendances from the teams as well as their entourage is largely incremental as if, they weren't at this complex, they'd probably be playing ball at some other complex.
So we're out of the gates good. What I also add, is that we're inactive, I would almost characterize them as late stage negotiations and other complexes like this. They are public financing supported and so therefore, they take a longer time to put together and they had a little uncertainty associated with it. But we've got couple others that we're looking at hard and we just launched feasibility studies that two of our other parks relative to this. So I think you can read through that, there are early season indications is that, this is going to be successful metric for us. We'll have a lot more for us, as we get into the peak playing periods of July and August.
Chris Prykull
Great, that's really helpful. Thanks and then on, the next one I just had on group catering. I know you have expanded different certain parks. Can you just remind us, what group represents as a percentage of either annual attendance or revenue and then can you give us, any read on the impact from the expansions to group bookings for 2017?

Brian Witherow
Yes, sure Chris. This is Brian. As it relates, as we said on the call when you put together season pass group bookings that are date or time, window specific and then the advance purchases on the web through our e-commerce portal. We're looking at more than two-thirds of our attendance as pre-booked or advance purchase commitment associated. Group fits in, season pass is the biggest chunk of that we've probably stated it last year that ended somewhere around mid 40%, so 45% or so. Group slots in lower than that, but it's probably on average across the system going to be in the mid-teens maybe if some of the park's as highest 20% of our attendance.
We're pleased as Matt said on the call. Season pass we're about 50% through the full year sales cycle on hotel reservations and group bookings, we're little bit earlier in their cycles. But the early trends on group bookings to-date are ahead of last year, which was a strong year for us. So we're encouraged by where we are at this point.
Matt Ouimet
Chris, the other thing is, the investment in the catering facilities and these hiring of executive chefs have allowed us to drive up the per cap that we get from that business and that's one of the reasons you see, we - be able to continue growth per cap.
Chris Prykull
Thanks, that's really helpful. If I can just squeeze one more in, can you give us an update on the potential opportunity and sort of what the planned investment might be at Santa Clara and then how quickly you plan to move on the opportunity, I know it's still early though.
Matt Ouimet
No, I appreciate the acknowledgement that it's early. Doesn't feel early in our offices and Richard would acknowledge that, we're meeting almost daily on Great America so actively and aggressively working on our plan. What I can tell you, is I would expect to be able to have more specifics for this audience when we produce our new long-term plan either later this year or early next year. So at this point, we still - we're dug in hard on it, we need to develop the plan, we need to develop the phased plan and all of the things that go with it. So very complicated site, which in the end makes it very valuable and so, I think you can expect more out of us, when you see the new long-term plan either later this fall or early next year.
Chris Prykull
Thanks so much, good luck into the summer.
Operator
And we'll take our next question from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski
So wanted to go back to the rain impact, that you talked about it Knott's in the first quarter and I'm not sure, if you had this number or you have an estimate. Do you know what the actual impact was on attendance at Knott's and then I guess the second part to that, is I'm not sure if you said this or not, but have you seen announced a nice bounce back in attendance at Knott's in April once weather essentially normalized.
Matt Ouimet
Yes, so we won't give you a number for rain because that would be, I think that would be a little bit more like speculations at this point and by the way, I'm not talking about weather this year unless I have to. What I will tell you, is I did have in my prepared comments Knott's had a record April. A record April on attendance, a record April on revenue, a record April on per caps and so there was no doubt my mind anyway that once the dust cleared that park is still performing extremely well. It's unusual for us to give you as much data as we did about April, but you can go back and see the acceleration in April, if you look at the numbers from the first quarter versus the fourth month numbers, we gave you.
Steve Wieczynski
Okay, got you and then the second part, I think you talked about the in-park caps were up about 2% through April, if I heard you right and I was wondering if, you could break that down a little bit more in terms of what folks are actually spending on. I guess the better way to ask that is, is there been any surprise in terms of, of what folks are spending on, this year relative to last year?

Brian Witherow
This is Brian. We're not going to give specific detail around the per cap. What I will tell you is that we're pleased with the trending that we're seeing across the channels, not only at the admission line but also through the in-park spend F&B, merch, etc. one of the things that is driving some of the admission per cap increases, the pricing increases that we've taken at the front gate that we continue to believe we've got tailwinds, as well as the deepening penetration rates on some of the all season programs and quite honestly a migration to up in product selection by the guests. Matt mentioned the introduction of or the renovation and expansion of our water parks at two of our largest parks Cedar Point and Knott's Berry Farm that is a big driver for people migrating up from what we call regular passes through either platinum or gold, so you get access to those water parks.
So everything is working on that front and we're pleased with the per cap numbers in each one of the channels. But it's very early, it's a small sample size.
Steve Wieczynski
Okay, great. Thanks guys appreciated.
Operator
And our next question will come from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder
Couple here. Brian, just more of a housekeeping item. Any quantification you can give us on the Super Bowl benefit to Q1, 2016 just from a comparable perspective?
Brian Witherow
Hi, Tim. As we said last year, while it was exciting to host those things and have the folks see the park and be part of the Super Bowl 50, it was not a meaningful or material number, we said at the time it was in the low single-digits in terms of its contribution at the revenue and EBITDA line.
Tim Conder
Okay, fair enough. And Matt again I appreciated it from the earlier question that it's still early as far as post of the rezoning in Santa Clara but and appreciate also the uniqueness of that park with lot of I think significant infrastructure related planning. Where should we see, I mean should we see something late this year, early next year as far as literal construction and changes starting at Santa Clara and again, you'll give more details when you gave the long-term outlook.
Matt Ouimet
No, yes. You'll actually see activity later this year. In fact there is some, I know for a fact there's some construction stakes already in the ground out there. So you'll see that start to ramp up later this year Tim.
Tim Conder
Okay and then, on other initiatives here. Hotels. You all talked before Charlotte, Toronto being potentially some top targets here working with the potential flagged partners. Just an update as to where that stands at this point in potential timing as when we could hear some announcements on those.
Matt Ouimet
Yes, so Brian is helping to lead this, but I'll tell you we're in the red zone. We're at the final stage of the development committees that approve these deals for the brands and so I would hope by the next time we got together, we would have the announcements for you. There's something it can always be a delay, but we're in the red zone as Cleveland football players like to say I guess or football fans like to say. So next time we get together we should have an announcement on that Tim.
Tim Conder
Okay, sounds good. And then, I know hopefully the Cleveland fortunes will turn around in the not too distant future, the football team.
Matt Ouimet
There is always next year Tim.
Tim Conder
Augmented reality. Some in-park opportunities there that you talked about before, just an update augmented reality versus VR and you evaluate both it tend to - it sounds like to be leaning a little more towards augmented based on some prior comments.
Matt Ouimet
Yes, so augmented will be in place again at Cedar Point this year, it's expanded we found a way to gamify it to a greater level and so I've got - I think we're going to have even more guests enjoying it this year and it got very high ratings last year and we've also introduced, I believe it's Kings Dominion, right? So at Kings Dominion we also have introduced it and we'll experiment it over the course of the year and refinance [ph]. I'm a big fan of augmented reality because it has literally unlimited capacity for utilization and has the ability to make the park experience more fun.

I'll tell you, the most impressive thing I've seen with digital technology this year is what we did with Mystic Timbers. The idea that you can take a high capacity ride that's highly marketable that has broad appeal and added bell and whistle at the end of that ride that was extremely marketable. We got, our video post, the first time we posted the video on opening day or I guess it was media day on Facebook it got 2 million hits and a lot of that was because of the intriguing story line and the bell and whistle associated with the technology at the end.
So you continuously see us playing what we call techtainment, but right now I'm excited about high capacity rides that just give a little bit bell and a whistle.
Tim Conder
Okay, great. Best of luck for the season here. Gentlemen.
Operator
And our next question will come from Tyler Batory with Janney Capital Markets.
Tyler Batory
So Matt, I want to go back to a comment you mentioned earlier, I think you said season pass revenue was up 10%, did I catch that correctly? And then can you talk about, how season pass sales have compared to your expectations and what's driving that strength?
Matt Ouimet
I did say 10% combination of units and prices. It is I can tell you, pacing it had where we planned for. The one thing that also, I think you have to take into consideration is and I know somebody comments this morning in one of their reports. Water parks, we tend to see it another spike in season pass sales after the water park's open. So those people who are waiting for kind of catalyst of the message around water parks are another opportunity for us from a season pass standpoint, but you did pick up on the metric correctly.
Tyler Batory
Okay, great and then maybe just a follow-up. I do have a few questions for you on the water park expansions at Knott's and Cedar Points. How does return [ph] outlook or made the potential growth expectations for those expansions compared to a new coaster and then maybe can you remind us, per capital margin difference between a water park and a theme park maybe last, just talk about how those expansion can potentially drive attendance just as we look into '17 here?
Matt Ouimet
So I'll ask Brian to build on what I say. But generally, we found and we've done this several times at this point Richard has been the advocate for this. That water parks I said in my comments had broad appeals. The nice thing about a water park is that any age of family can experience the water park and enjoy the water park, number one. Number two is, people tend to see themselves using the water park almost more than they use the hard ride parks, so it drives season pass disproportionately and in order to get access to the Knott's water park and the Cedar Point water park you have to buy the gold pass, which we are actually seeing a nice shift in people to more premium passes.
So that's kind of the catalyst for it and Knott candidly it was a little bit about adding capacity because the peak summer months there have been so successful for us. But, Brian you want to talk about, what traditionally was true about per caps in water parks and what we've done to try to address that.
Brian Witherow
Yes, sure. Tyler, I mean you hit on a big part of the motivation behind the upgrades we've been making to our water parks including these two big expansions at Cedar Point and Knott's Berry Farm. Traditionally water parks have lower per cap spend than an amusement park and it's really a combination of a couple of things. One, I mean you don't, it's not easy that you're running around with your wallet for buying, while you're at the water park, so maybe more importantly is length of stay tends to be a little bit shorter and so I think what you find often is that, and we were guilty of this, that a number of our water parks you sort of anticipate that you're going to have a low per cap spend and then the facilities including F&B, merch, etc. you sort of build accordingly and its self-fulfilling prophecy.

We've gone in as a big part of these expansions, has gone back into the water park and tried to put back in place more soft areas for folks to sit, more shade, more umbrellas, more cabanas, more revenue centers, big part of the expansion at both Cedar Point and not, it's about adding more F&B and revenue generating centers to drive better per cap. So when you combine that with as Matt alluded to, clearly there is going to be an uptick in daily tickets, but a big part of the season pass play is getting guess to migrate as I said earlier from regular passes to gold or platinum, those premium passes to get access to the water parks. And so, you put that together with the parks like Cedar Point where there is so many hotel rooms over 1,500 hotel rooms.
You're looking at also added length of stay, as a whole second day visit and so that's where the returns really get generated, at on these projects.
Matt Ouimet
Tyler, I just built a little bit. We for a while now wanted to expand the geographic reach particularly at Cedar Point and the renovation of our hotels, along with the dramatic expansion of the water park give Kelley our CMO, the right kind of assets to build into marketing messages. So if you live a little further away from Cedar Point, you're going to start to see some marketing messages that we think are going to be productive for us.
Tyler Batory
Okay, that's great. That's all from me. Thank you.
Operator
And next we'll hear from Barton Crockett with FBR.
Barton Crockett
I wanted to choose a bad time, dive into the water parks theme a little bit more. In particular, it's kind of percolated into a bigger issue I guess for the group, partly with what you guys are doing, partly Six Flags is been talking about [indiscernible] some water parks adjacent to their theme parks in some of the major metros where they operate and have done one thing in the northern Bay Area couple hours north where you, north of California [indiscernible] park.
And I was curious, you guys are doing something it's really kind of working on a water park attached to theme parks and now experience Cedar Point, what do you think about the opportunity to add water parks that are separate from your theme parks maybe within an hour or so and maybe have more than one water park in a metro area. Do you see an opportunity there, what do you think about that?
Matt Ouimet
Not an area of focus for us.
Barton Crockett
Okay and it's not an area of - so I was curious about why Six Flags professed some interest and just don't think it's an attractive return or.
Matt Ouimet
Barton, why don't you ask them? Because I think, we got a little different play books, we've been very successful. Where we've been successful is acquiring parks that are family owned, where we were able to go in and use our units as the MLP units work very productively. So any M&A in our front would be, if any of these parks and there is only a handful left that would meet our brand standard. If they became available obviously we would be attracted to that side of it.
Barton Crockett
Okay, all right and then switching gears a little bit. You guys have called out a little bit about April which is great, but since we're kind of parsing [indiscernible] and I wanted to understand the eastern attack a little bit better and we were estimating that could have been 125,000 attendees and I was wondering if you could comment on whether that seems like a reasonable estimate and then if you do the math and what you guys said, your April was up 20%, but if we normalize for Easter, what was kind of the core trend there do you think?
Brian Witherow
Yes, Barton this is Brian. We're not going to give specifics around attendance numbers related to Easter or the Q1, shift. What makes a little bit more challenging to get a pure read through the fact that, the one part with meaningful first quarter operations Knott's Berry Farm was so negatively impacted by the record rainfall in Southern California to start the year, that said I would characterize the way this season has developed as we said in our prepared remarks, by the time we get to end of April and things are normalized in terms of calendar shift, we were little bit ahead of where we thought, we would be we feel really good about that. Still have a little bit of work ahead of us, when it comes to things like season pass sales we're only 50% through, but we feel really good about where we sit at the end of April and so whatever calendar shift existed, whether it be Easter or the spring break holidays that's all behind us and we're in a good place heading into the core season.

Barton Crockett
Okay and then, just a little bit on more on the bookkeeping side. But can you give us an attendance figure for the first quarter? And can you also kind of parse that looks like your effective guest spending per capita was about 2% through April, whether and the attendance was flattish, whether the per cap spending was, the trend was similar for admissions revenue in food and beverage or whether there was some difference there.
Matt Ouimet
Because it's small sample size Barton, we're not going to give the attendance or break down the per cap. It just, the only park that's really active of note, up to April is Knott's and so we just, we traditionally haven't done that.
Brian Witherow
And as it relates to the per cap, Barton as we said earlier pleased with what we're seeing across all of the core spend areas admissions per cap doing well out the chute, but as is F&B spend and merch spend you know as two other example. So feel really good about where we are at, but again as Matt said small sample size, lot of work ahead of us.
Barton Crockett
Okay, that's all clear and congrats on the great start to the year.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] we'll take our next question from Michael Swartz with SunTrust.
Michael Swartz
Just wanted to touch on WinterFest and you have three new programs launching this year. so can you help us just understand the typical ramp of those festivals and maybe just the associated intensive I guess marketing spend at least in the first year and maybe how that evolved as you look down the road two to three years out?
Matt Ouimet
Probably less detailed than you'd like, but let me tell you how we're thinking about it because quite honestly we only have the experience of one WinterFest so far, right. So first I would say that we're going to take these events to scale, which means we're spending a fair amount of capital and operating cost to make sure that the first year experience is what you might typically find in your three-year or four and that worked extremely well for us at Great America so that's number one.
Number two is, we do assume that the first year the margins are somewhat suppressed because of the marketing awareness launch that will have to happen, associated with it. But so then if you build off that, will you think we'd moderate that overtime and would grow our attendance overtime and so our expectations for the first year are good. I would say our expectations for the third year are very substantial.
Michael Swartz
Okay that's helpful and just with the sport center. It sounds like attendance and registration trends are better than what would you have anticipated and I think previously you had indicated that you didn't expect a lot of benefit this year from a financial standpoint. So whether you can update your thoughts around just how this could impact attendance, profitability in 2017.
Matt Ouimet
This is a hard one for us Michael because we try to be the guys that produce the results and then talk about it and so I'm little nervous here because I'm excited about it. I got to be honest with you. The communities rallied behind, at the organizations Sports Force has really over delivered for us. I can't give you any numbers, yet the only I said that was publicly out there was at least 1,000 teams and you can kindly do some math around that. And then we're off to see, how well we do at capturing these people and how many times they visit and what their per caps are and where they stay in the hotels, etc.
So I don't mean to frustrate you, but I think we'll have a lot more to talk about by the time we get to our second or third quarter call.
Michael Swartz
Okay, that's fair. That's all from me. Thank you.
Operator
And our next question will come from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.

Tim Conder
Just a quick follow-up here. Brian I don't know if you were just saying, that you still got a lot ahead of you, but just had a little more work to do on season passes. So did you see any deferral out of Q1 and even maybe just because of the overall timing shift and weather. Or is that fully normalized as far as the season pass bookings and then the F&B passes and so forth?
Brian Witherow
Yes, sure Tim. It's a good question. I think when you look at deferred revenues at the end of Q!, you'll see exactly what you just alluded to from a timing perspective. The shift of the Easter and spring breaks not only pushed attendance into the second quarter it also pushed some of our marketing, our CRM efforts out of Q1 into Q2 there is no point in hitting the consumer when they're not ready to be buyers. In a large part, some of the spring sales around season pass and the related season pass products like all season dining and all season beverage are specifically tied to that first visit. So there is no doubt, the Q1 numbers are going to reflect a little bit of that timing shift and then we're back to and that's why we spoke specifically about where we were in terms of deferred revenues being up 10% at the end of April through that first four months because we believe we've normalized.
Matt, did allude to and I think it's something to just reemphasize that with the big capital at Cedar Point and Knott's Berry Farm geared around water park expansions. There is definitely marketing efforts, CRM efforts that will be specifically tied to pushing past sales that have yet to hit because we're not going to hit consumers in April for a product that doesn't open until Memorial Day at the end of May, so you can expect, we will expect to see another little bit surge of sales around those passes, at those two particular parks as we get closer to the product coming online.
Matt Ouimet
And Tim you didn't asked us, but building on that. Although there are several factors in play, some of the largest growth in season pass on a percentage basis are the three parks where we're now introducing WinterFest.
Tim Conder
Okay and related to all that to, just to clarification. So 50% of your season pass tickets are sold and those are up roughly 10% you said. The F&B part you said was attracting up year-over-year, should we think of that as attracting in line with the ticket season pass related.
Matt Ouimet
I would tell you that it's greater than that and I'll leave at that.
Tim Conder
And you would anticipate acceleration also, when the water parks open there.
Matt Ouimet
Yes and I think what's really encouraging is that our all season products continue as more and more people get exposed to them, as we change the programs a little bit. We're seeing most importantly an increase in penetration, so season passes are going up that's a volume issue, if penetration is going up you get a multiple factors that relates to the all season product.
Tim Conder
Okay, gentlemen thank you for the additional color. Very helpful.
Operator
It appears there are no further questions at this time. Now I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Matt Ouimet
So first of all, thanks as always for your interest in ongoing support of Cedar Fair. In closing, it's always important for me to acknowledge our leadership team and our associates. I like to say I not only get to work with a lot of really smart dedicated people, but these same people have instinctively self-imposed standards and it's a privilege for me to work with them. Importantly, I encourage all of you to visit our parks this summer and experience first-hand what differentiates Cedar Fair parks from the other entertainment offerings. Stacy.
Stacy Frole

Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Should you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 419-627-2233. We look forward to speaking with you again in about three months to discuss our second quarter results.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, General Entertainment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All FUN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksBusinesses Risk Lawsuits For False Brand Supply Chain Claims, EU RulesAHODF• Today, 3:58 PM • Gabriel Thoumi, CFABarnes & Noble Might Actually Be Worth $1 Billion Or MoreBKS• Today, 3:49 PM • Daniel Jones•1 CommentCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Today, 3:05 PM • Intelligent WalkerUPS: Put Option Idea For IncomeUPS• Today, 2:56 PM • Pat Stout•6 CommentsLa Quinta Holdings (LQ) Investor Presentation - SlideshowLQ• Today, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMichael Kors Holdings (KORS) Acquires Jimmy Choo (JYMHF) - SlideshowKORS• Today, 2:49 PM • SA TranscriptsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Today, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle InvestingReport: Expedia Invests $350 Million In TravelokaEXPE• Today, 2:29 PM • Donovan JonesDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Today, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Today, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Today, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•1 CommentChipotle - Gauging The Potential Effects Of The Norovirus OutbreakCMG• Today, 12:35 PM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsComcast's Q2: Solid Numbers, Stock A Buy Even At Low YieldCMCSA• Today, 12:33 PM • Steven MallasDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Today, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•11 CommentsAre Wal-Mart's Top Management Able To Estimate EPS Accurately? Let's Find OutWMT• Today, 11:36 AM • Ville Peltonen•1 CommentUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Today, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•10 CommentsSirius XM Moves Higher On Q2 Earnings ReportSIRI• Today, 10:55 AM • Spencer Osborne•16 CommentsLandstar System, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLSTR• Today, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsLKQ Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLKQ• Today, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsA Misunderstood And Overvalued Growth StockCSGP• Today, 10:32 AM • David TrainerSirius XM Posts Strong Results - Raises GuidanceSIRI• Today, 10:00 AM • Crunching Numbers•39 CommentsCimpress N.V. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMPR• Today, 9:54 AM • SA TranscriptsComcast Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMCSA• Today, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsCharter Communications, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHTR• Today, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNew Media 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNEWM• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAllegion plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALLE• Today, 9:49 AM • SA TranscriptsWhat Was Found Inside McDonald's Might Surprise YouMCD• Today, 9:46 AM • David Zanoni•5 CommentsChipotle: Getting The Right PriceCMG• Today, 9:31 AM • Stone Fox Capital•4 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Today, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•5 CommentsCostco Wholesale Corp.: Strong Financials, Fairly Valued StockCOST• Today, 9:16 AM • Exclusive Capital•6 CommentsScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Today, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•15 CommentsDiana Containerships Adopts DryShips Model (Kalani); Reverse Split AgainDCIX• Today, 7:13 AM • Research & Investment•6 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Today, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Today, 7:06 AM • The Hedged EconomistRoss Stores - Be Careful With This DipROST• Today, 6:59 AM • Kenra Investors•8 CommentsTrinity Industries: The Market's Showing Signs Of RecoveryTRN• Today, 4:43 AM • Daniel Jones•3 CommentsThe Home Depot Is A Strong BuyHD• Today, 2:13 AM • Kush Patel•6 CommentsDiscovery And Scripps: An Odd Couple In A MergerSNI, DISCA• Yesterday, 8:40 PM • Jay Wei•8 CommentsGenuine Parts: A Dividend King Trading At An 18-Month LowGPC• Yesterday, 8:03 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•17 CommentsDryShips: Acquisitions Fully Funded. What Now?DRYS• Yesterday, 7:29 PM • Morningsidepark•9 CommentsLas Vegas Sands Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLVS• Yesterday, 7:07 PM • SA Transcripts•5 CommentsKnight Transportation, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKNX• Yesterday, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsA True Contrarian Pick: The BuckleBKE• Yesterday, 5:07 PM • Ty Huggins•6 CommentsLivePerson, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLPSN• Yesterday, 4:56 PM • SA TranscriptsCAI International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCAI• Yesterday, 4:44 PM • SA TranscriptsDryShips: Penguins At The Water's EdgeDRYS• Yesterday, 4:20 PM • Kurt B. Feierabend•68 CommentsLowe's: A Stock That Will Continue To Improve Your PortfolioLOW• Yesterday, 3:33 PM • Peter JaworowskiMcDonald's: I Should Have Bought ItMCD• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • David Butler•22 CommentsGenuine Parts: The Dividend Is All That's LeftGPC• Yesterday, 3:18 PM • Josh Arnold•12 CommentsChipotle Mexican Grill: Risk-Reward Is ImprovingCMG• Yesterday, 3:09 PM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsShould You Invest In Ross Stores Shares?ROST• Yesterday, 2:34 PM • Canadian Dividend Growth Investor•15 CommentsWill Turbulence In Mexico Mean A Bumpy Ride For OMA?Editors' Pick • OMAB• Yesterday, 2:19 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentWhen Will Netflix Start Producing Cash Flow?NFLX• Yesterday, 2:05 PM • Galileo Russell•36 CommentsChipotle: Next Circle?CMG• Yesterday, 1:29 PM • Jonathan Weber•13 CommentsMichael Kors - Jimmy Choo Deal Is Aimed At The Long HaulKORS• Yesterday, 1:07 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAmerisourceBergen: Safe And Steady GrowthABC• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • John DiCecco•1 CommentDick's Sporting Goods Changing CourseDKS• Yesterday, 11:51 AM • Eric Busher•2 CommentsSysco Update: Idea For Additional IncomeSYY• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Pat StoutTAL Education Group: Upside RemainsTAL• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • DX2 Capital•4 CommentsNew Starbucks Locations And Unique Experiences: Time To Buy?SBUX• Yesterday, 11:13 AM • Miles White•20 CommentsMcDonald's Second Quarter: I'm Lovin' ItMCD• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • Sure Dividend•5 CommentsEuronet Worldwide, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEEFT• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • SA TranscriptsDigging Into Starbucks' Sub-2% Dividend Yield Reveals A WinnerSBUX• Yesterday, 10:07 AM • Beulah Meriam K•5 CommentsBuyer's Remorse Part III: PCM's Minority ReportPCMI• Yesterday, 10:00 AM • Rota Fortunae•2 CommentsK12 Inc.: A Misunderstood Education Company Running Out Of GasLRN• Yesterday, 9:24 AM • Quinn FoleyNorfolk Southern Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNSC• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Brink's Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBCO• Yesterday, 8:17 AM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsOllie's Bargain: A Good DealOLLI• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Stock Hitter•3 CommentsCostamare Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMRE• Yesterday, 7:56 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentCanadian National Railway Company: A Dividend Growth King Reported Solid Q2 EarningsCNI• Yesterday, 7:53 AM • Ploutos Investing•5 CommentsStrong Results From United Rentals, Inc. May Not Imply An Upbeat Forecast From Herc Holdings.HRI• Yesterday, 7:53 AM • William GarrisonAbercrombie - Has A Big Short Just Bit The Dust?ANF• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Mary Jane Fountain•12 CommentsOngoing DryShips Equity Raise Almost 80% Finished NowDRYS• Yesterday, 7:24 AM • Henrik Alex•96 CommentsChipotle: A Strong Buy At Current LevelsCMG• Yesterday, 6:22 AM • Celeritas Investments•39 CommentsChipotle And The Final StrawCMG• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Andrew Hecht•49 Comments123456...801Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Dr. Reddy's Laboratories' (RDY) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RDY•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  4:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anheuser Busch Inbev's (BUD) CEO Carlos Alves de Brito on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BUD•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  4:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Agnico Eagle Mines' (AEM) CEO Sean Boyd on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEM•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Brunswick (BC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BC•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bemis (BMS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carpenter Technology's (CRS) CEO Tony Thene on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Selective Insurance Group's (SIGI) CEO Greg Murphy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIGI•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celgene (CELG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CELG•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cabot Microelectronics' (CCMP) CEO David Li on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CCMP•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nokia Oyj (NOK) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOK•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mid-America Apartment Communities' (MAA) CEO Eric Bolton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAA•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Service Corporation International's (SCI) CEO Tom Ryan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SCI•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Gibraltar Industries' (ROCK) CEO Frank Heard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ROCK•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




State Bank Financial's (STBZ) CEO Joseph Evans on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STBZ•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Tower (AMT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMT•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Spirit Airlines (SAVE) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAVE•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TriMas' (TRS) CEO Tom Amato on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boston Scientific (BSX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BSX•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reliance Steel & Aluminum's (RS) CEO Gregg Mollins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ADP•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntsman (HUN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUN•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chart Industries' (GTLS) CEO William Johnson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GTLS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FTI Consulting's (FCN) CEO Steve Gunby On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCN•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Roche Holding's (RHHBY) CEO Severin Schwan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHHBY•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SunCoke Energy's (SXC) CEO Frederick Henderson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXC•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crescent Point Energy's (CPG) CEO Scott Saxberg on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPG•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Gaming and Leisure Properties' (GLPI) CEO Peter Carlino on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GLPI•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sherritt International's (SHERF) CEO David Pathe on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SHERF•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Deutsche Bank's (DB) CEO John Cryan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DB•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Entegris' (ENTG) CEO Bertrand Loy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ENTG•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  3:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4446Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Matthew R Ouimet - Attleboro, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Matthew R Ouimet in Attleboro, MA


Matthew R Ouimet

                                                                           Intelius found that Matthew R Ouimet  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Attleboro, MA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Matthew R Ouimet is in his 30s

Matthew Has Lived In

Attleboro, MA
Plainville, MA
North Attleboro, MA

Matthew's Relatives

David Ouimet
Merrill Ouimet
Anita Ouimet
Daved Ouimet







Matthew R Ouimet



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Wemet Docket Management



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Matthew? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Matthew, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Matthew R Ouimet
Get a Criminal Check on Matthew R Ouimet
Get a Public Record Report on Matthew R Ouimet
Get a People Search Report on Matthew R Ouimet


Matthew R Ouimet's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Matthew R Ouimet has lived as well as Matthew R Ouimet's phone numbers and email addresses.




Matthew R Ouimet Has Lived in 3 States
Massachusetts Address for Matthew R Ouimet


121 R******* A** 

Attleboro, MA


Has Lived In

Attleboro, MA
Plainville, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Matthew R Ouimet

(508) ***-**** - Attleboro, MA 
(508) ***-**** - Bridgewater, MA 
(781) ***-**** - Dedham, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Matthew R Ouimet



Get Email Report




Matthew R Ouimet's Professional Information
Information regarding Matthew R Ouimet's professional history.  Find out previous places Matthew R Ouimet has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Matthew R Ouimet Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Wemet Docket Management
               Title: Vice President
Matthew R Ouimet's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Wemet Docket Management
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Matthew R Ouimet

 See Matthew R Ouimet's LinkedIn Profile



Matthew R Ouimet's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Matthew R Ouimet


Matthew R Ouimet's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Matthew R Ouimet's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Matthew Ouimet
Username Matches

                  MatthewOuimet
                  OuimetMatthew
                  Matthew.Ouimet
                  Ouimet.Matthew
                  Matthew_Ouimet
                  Ouimet_Matthew
                  Matthew-Ouimet
                  Ouimet-Matthew
                  MOuimet
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Ouimet







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v






























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















