




Home - Outlier AI, Inc.













































Skip to content













Find hidden opportunities in your data and cover your blind spots.
Outlier connects your business tools in minutes and quickly surfaces the most meaningful insights. We'll handle the analysis so you can focus on the business.
Request a Demo










No more data blindspots
Be informed of emerging problems and opportunities before they affect the bottom line





Drive more ROI
Outlier aggregates your datasources, in minutes, so you can quickly discover and act on opportunities





Ship with confidence
Release your winning a/b tests and new features with confidence you haven’t broken anything else





Eliminate data silos
Data is the lifeblood of your business. Connect your marketing, behavior and business metrics to create more productive collaborations across the organization.







O​utlier feeds us both actionable insights and predictive performance​ so that we can make better business decisions. We’re finding that existing analytics solutions are stuck just reporting the news, while Outlier is constantly finding new stories and generating the news.​ Lastly, the unique insights that Outlier provides has even spread the beauty of metric ­based decision ­making to our less data focused teams.
Jared Yaman
COO, Boxed




The quality of Outlier insights allows Delphic Digital to maximize the impact of our client marketing budgets. While our existing tools let us set threshold based alerts, this approach drowns us in noise and does not scale across to the thousands of keywords and design decisions we manage for our clients daily.
Cristie Setzer
Media Supervisor, Delphic Digital









×




 




















Outlier AI Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























outlier ai inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Outlier AI Inc is a business intelligence platform.




Corporate Information
Address:

Oakland, CA


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Our Team - Outlier AI, Inc.












































Skip to content















The humans behind data’s most powerful AI
We understand how companies use data to make decisions because we have been the data scientists, data analysts and leaders at the forefront of those decisions. After years of manual business analysis, we decided there should be a better way. That led each of us to Outlier.





Sean Byrnes
Co-Founder and CEO
Sean pilots the ship at Outlier. He builds things – companies, teams, products, brands, crafts; the first four of which he does quite well. He was the co-founder of Flurry (acquired by Yahoo in 2014), the largest mobile analytics company in the world. In his free time, Sean advises some early stage technology companies and invests in many others.
Sean holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Dartmouth College and and an M.Eng. in Computer Science from Cornell University.




Mike Kim
Co-Founder and CTO
Mike is the mad scientist at Outlier. He experiments with, designs, and builds intricate algorithms that make large amounts of data bend to his will. Mike has been on the forefront of data science and machine learning having led efforts at Google, Aardvark (acquired by Google), and AltSchool.
Mike received his B.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University and his Ph.D. in Bioinformatics from the University of California, San Francisco.




Anthony Watkins
Head of Customer Experience
Anthony is Outlier’s genie, responsible for granting the wishes of customers. He oversaw a 10x growth in user base at Flurry (acquired by Yahoo) and then served as Yahoo’s founding Head of the Mobile Developer Platform team. Anthony has spoken internationally on topics ranging from deploying Kafka at scale to building data-driven businesses.
Anthony holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University and a M.Eng. in Computer Science from Cornell University.




Doug Mitarotonda
Head of Customer Development
Doug is Outlier’s customer guru – serving as the human interface to our current and potential customers, helping them better understand their data. He has been connecting people with data his whole career in various industries: sports and live entertainment (Qcue), electric power industry (The Brattle Group), and climate change policy (NYSDEC).
Doug received his Ph.D. in Economics from Cornell University. He also holds an M.Eng. in Computer Science and a B.A. in Computer Science, Mathematics, and Asian Studies, from Cornell.




Hetul Patel
Lead Engineer
Hetul keeps the gears turning at Outlier. He helps build out the infrastructure that underlies Outlier and makes sure it will scale. Hetul has experience in building out scalable analytics tools at Flurry, where he worked with multi-petabyte Hbase tables and various types of time series data.
Hetul double majored at Caltech, receiving a B.S. in Physics as well as Engineering & Applied Science. He also holds a Masters in Software Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.




Chris Cranley
Account Manager/Analyst
Chris is the client’s ‘ask me anything’ resource at Outlier, responsible for shaping our customer success path from data clamor into actionable insights. As an expert information systems consultant, Chris has been leading cross-functional teams to shorten the gaps between their information system “know how” and “now go do” for almost two decades. Industry leading companies, such as Sun Microsystems, Cisco Systems, and Kaiser Permanente, have trusted Chris to lead strategic information programs with global impacts requiring millions of capital investment.
Chris received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of California at Berkeley, Walter Haas School of Business.




Deepti Chafekar
Lead Data Architect
Deepti is the data wizard at Outlier. She makes potions in the form of algorithms, casts spells via machine learned models, and uses her statistics wand to transform foggy data into clear insights. As our lead Data Architect, Deepti strikes the right balance between exploring research problems and developing tangible engineering solutions. She started her career as a research scientist at Nokia and Microsoft and then advanced as a director of data science at Quettra (acquired by SimilarWeb). Her mobile app data insights have found recognition in some of the industry’s leading presentations.
Deepti received her B.E. in Electronics Engineering from University of Mumbai, M.S. in Computer Science from University of Georgia, and a Ph.D in Computer Science from Virginia Tech.





Fadi Zananiri
Head of Sales
Fadi is the growth go-to at Outlier, responsible for driving business expansion through initiatives that deliver revenue growth. A strategic thinker with a business and technical background, he has sold and led sales teams in enterprise software including Artificial Intelligence / NLP / ML, Enterprise Marketing Management, Unified Communication & Social Collaboration, and Cloud Storage.
Fadi received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of San Francisco, M.B.A. from Sonoma State University, and M.S. in Computer Science from National University.





Carla Nunes
Account Manager/Analyst
Carla is Outlier’s customer advocate guru. She wakes up every morning ready to help our customers be successful and well educated on our product. From her previous work as lead engineer and business analyst for companies like IBM and Verizon, Carla has learned to constantly dig deeper to understand customers and their needs. As an account manager/analyst, her ultimate goal is to be a trusted advisor to our customers, making sure their Outlier experience is as seamless and valuable as possible.
Carla received her B.S. in Computer Science from Universidade Federal da Paraiba, Brazil, her M.S. in Computer Science from Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil, and her MBA from Santa Clara University.




We’re hiring
Talented Data-Driven People
We are a family-friendly company founded by experienced entrepreneurs who understand that building a company is a marathon and not a sprint. If you are a person who loves learning and data, we would love to talk.
See the openings







×




 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












From Warehouse to Your House: Data in E-Commerce – Outlier AI – MediumHomepageSign in / Sign upOutlier AIBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingOutlier connects your data sources in minutes and quickly surfaces the most meaningful insights. http://outlier.ai/about-outlier/.Jul 25From Warehouse to Your House: Data in E-CommerceIn this episode of Data Driven Discussions: find out how e-commerce companies use data.In this episode, I speak with Ari Akerstein. Ari is an expert on e-commerce and — most recently — a product leader at Walmart.com. We all buy things online, but may be unaware about how data is used to turn clicks on a website into cardboard boxes on our doorsteps. Ari walks us through how one of the world’s largest e-commerce companies uses data to build and optimize e-commerce products.In this discussion we’ll answer a lot of questions about this industry, including:Overview of the complexity involved in measuring how a product flows through all touch points on an online retail site. (1:07)A discussion on first-party vs. third-party sellers and the nuances involved in showing the right offer on an item page. (3:28)How organizations work to make data-driven decisions. An example of using data in working with buyers on a major site redesign. (9:55)Where data goes wrong or can lead data-driven organizations astray — how dashboards can mislead an organization. (11:52)The future of data-driven organizations: using data to create feedback loops to improve decision velocity and effectiveness. (17:51)Listen to the episode below:https://soundcloud.com/outlier_ai/103-from-warehouse-to-your-house-data-in-e-commerceIf you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more, be sure to leave us a review and subscribe to Data Driven Discussions on Apple Podcasts.Share4Never miss a story from Outlier AI, when you sign up for Medium. Learn moreNever miss a story from Outlier AIBlockedUnblockFollowGet updates

Outlier AI, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:35 PM ET

Company Overview of Outlier AI, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Outlier AI, Inc. operates in the technology industry. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Oakland, California.


5931 Keith AvenueOakland, CA 94618United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 914-662-9588

outlier.ai







Key Executives for Outlier AI, Inc.




Mr. Sean Byrnes


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 3, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Outlier AI, Inc., please visit outlier.ai.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Sean Byrnes - Chief Executive Officer at Outlier AI, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Sean Byrnes
Chief Executive Officer at Outlier AI, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments Transactions 


Sean Byrnes
Chief Executive Officer at Outlier AI, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Outlier AI, Inc.

Flurry, Inc.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 60 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




VentureBeat
January 23, 2015





                        Why I'm in an accelerator — the inside story                    





TechCrunch
January 20, 2015





                        Enterprise Incubator Alchemist Lands $2.1M From Impressive Backers                    





Marketwired
December 17, 2014





                        WeMail Survey Reveals When Email Is Naughty and Nice: Majority of Consumers Say Email Enhances Their Personal and Business Relationships                    





TechCrunch
December 11, 2014





                        Predictive Analytics Startup Framed Data Raises $2M To Help Developers Understand User Behavior                    





Marketwired
November 18, 2014





                        Twitch, Scribd, Flurry and Reddit Founders Invest $1M in First Mobile Email With Instant Message-Like Voice CapabilityWeMail Instantly Organizes Mail Into a Chat-Like Experience                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Mike Kim

Chief Technology Officer at Outlier AI, Inc.




Simon Khalaf

President & Chief Executive Officer at Flurry, Inc.





Nick T. Mignano

Venture Partner at Flurry, Inc.




Jennifer Scott Fonstad

Co-Founder at Aspect Ventures Management LLC





Sonja L. Hoel Perkins

Co-Founder at Broadway Angels




Keval Desai

Investor at Knotch, Inc.





Doug Pepper

Chief Financial Officer at Cardiac Science Corporation




Richard Levin

Director at Flurry, Inc.





Josh Kopelman

Founder & Partner at First Round Capital




William J. Trenchard

Partner at First Round Capital







See 50 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 50 More 


 


 Paths to Sean Byrnes



            Sean Byrnes          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Sean Byrnes






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Sean Byrnes.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Graduate 


Cornell University

                  Along with its excellent faculty and facilities, Cornell University boasts a beautiful location in the Finger Lakes region of central New York. The huge hillside campus overlooks Lake Cayuga and is crisscrossed by deep gorges and bridges. Cornell is unique among the Ivy League universities in that its agricultural program is part of the state school system. Cornell is well known for its schools of engineering and hotel management. Its strengths in research and instruction have earned it membership in the Association of American Universities, and Cornell can also boast of a chapter of Phi Beta Kappa. Cornell's athletic teams are called the Big Red.                




BS Engineering 


Dartmouth College

                  Founded in 1769, Dartmouth is a member of the Ivy League and consistently ranks among the world's greatest academic institutions. Dartmouth has forged a singular identity for combining its deep commitment to outstanding undergraduate liberal arts and graduate education with distinguished research and scholarship in the Arts & Sciences and its three leading professional schools—the Geisel School of Medicine, Thayer School of Engineering, and the Tuck School of Business.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    2015 - Current                


Outlier AI, Inc.


                  Outlier AI, Inc. develops software for business analysis automation. The firm improves the relationship between people and their data. The company was founded by Mike Kim and Sean Byrnes in 2015 and is headquartered in Oakland, CA.                




Founder & Board Member

                                    2005 - Prior                


Flurry, Inc.


                  Flurry, Inc. provides mobile application analytics and data-powered advertising platform. The company was founded by Greg Yardley, Gabriel Vanrenen, Sean Byrnes, and Daniel Scholnick in 2005 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.                




Software Architect

                                    Prior                


Verizon Communications, Inc.


                  Verizon Communications, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the provision of broadband and communication services. It operates through the following segments: Wireless and Wireline. The Wireless segment provides wireless communications services and products on a postpaid and prepaid basis which are provided to consumer, business, and government customers. The Wireless segment offers broadband video and data; corporate networking solutions; data center and cloud services; security and managed network services; and local & long distance voice services. Through its subsidiary, Oath, Inc. the company oversees a diverse house of more than 50 media and technology brands under Yahoo and AOL, engaging more than a billion people globally. The Oath portfolio includes HuffPost, Yahoo Sports, AOL.com, MAKERS, Tumblr, BUILD Studios, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail and more, with an aim to build consumer-friendly brands. The company was founded on June 30, 2000 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Outlier AI, Inc.

                    Outlier AI, Inc. develops software for business analysis automation. The firm improves the relationship between people and their data. The company was founded by Mike Kim and Sean Byrnes in 2015 and is headquartered in Oakland, CA.                  




Director & Chief Technology Officer

                    2005 - Prior                  


Flurry, Inc.

                    Flurry, Inc. provides mobile application analytics and data-powered advertising platform. The company was founded by Greg Yardley, Gabriel Vanrenen, Sean Byrnes, and Daniel Scholnick in 2005 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Little Bird Technologies, Inc.

                  Little Bird Technologies, Inc. delivers influencer discovery and engagement tools to help build brand awareness and reach. It allows users to research on various topics online, find influencers across the social Web, and discover sub-communities. The firm serves individuals and business customers. The company was founded by Marshall Kirkpatrick, Mikalina Kirkpatrick and Tyler Gillies in 2011 and is headquartered in Portland, OR.                




 Details Hidden


Outlier AI, Inc.

                  Outlier AI, Inc. develops software for business analysis automation. The firm improves the relationship between people and their data. The company was founded by Mike Kim and Sean Byrnes in 2015 and is headquartered in Oakland, CA.                




 Details Hidden


Framed Data, Inc.

                  Framed Data, Inc. provides data science tools and predictive analytics solutions for businesses. It takes data from businesses and turns it into an insights and decisions. The firm trains, optimizes and stores models in their cloud and provides predictions through an application program interface, eliminating infrastructure overhead. The company was founded by Thomson Nguyen and Elliott Black on December 9, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




 Details Hidden


SimpleLegal, Inc.

                  Simplelegal, Inc. provides modern legal operations software to streamline the way corporate legal departments manage their matters, track and interpret spend and collaborate with vendors and law firms. The company was founded by Nathan Wenzel and Patrik Outericky  in 2013 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.                




 Details Hidden


Flurry, Inc.

                  Flurry, Inc. provides mobile application analytics and data-powered advertising platform. The company was founded by Greg Yardley, Gabriel Vanrenen, Sean Byrnes, and Daniel Scholnick in 2005 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.                






See 3 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 3 More 






 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Outlier AI, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Outlier AI, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Flurry, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Flurry, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Flurry, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Sean Byrnes is affiliated with
                            Outlier AI, Inc., Flurry, Inc., Verizon Communications, Inc., Outlier AI, Inc., Flurry, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Outlier.ai: Home - Outlier AI, Inc.












































Outlier.ai
Visit outlier.ai




Latest check
20 days ago










Outlier.ai
Visit outlier.ai









Home - Outlier AI, Inc.




Global rank


                                                                        1 346 987



Daily visitors
550


Daily pageviews
1.10K


Pageviews per user
2




Rating




Status
Online



Latest check
20 days ago








http://outlier.ai











Countable Data Brief



                Outlier.ai is tracked by us since August, 2016. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 1 346 987 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from USA, where it reached as high as 336 430 position.                It was hosted by Amazon Technologies Inc. and Google Inc..            

                Outlier has the lowest Google pagerank and bad results in terms of Yandex topical citation index.                We found that Outlier.ai is poorly ‘socialized’ in respect to any social network.                According to Siteadvisor and Google safe browsing analytics, Outlier.ai is quite a safe domain with no visitor reviews.            










Worldwide Audience
Compare it to ...




 

Outlier.ai gets 80.2% of its traffic from USA where it is ranked #427992.









Top Countries



USA
80.2%




Top Ranks



USA
427 992







 




Traffic Analysis
Compare it to ...




 

Outlier.ai has 550 visitors and 1.10K pageviews daily.




Pageviews












Subdomains Traffic Shares


Outlier.ai has no subdomains with considerable traffic.






SEO Stats
Compare it to ...




 

Outlier.ai is not yet effective in its SEO tactics: it has Google PR 0. It may also be penalized or lacking valuable inbound links.




Ranks




0
Google PR




-
Yandex CY




Metadata Updates Get more Outlier.ai metadata updates





Homepage Top Backlinks PR


venturegeneratedcontent.com
4


datadrivendaily.io
0


seanonstartups.co
0




Top Keywords % of search traffic


outlier ai
33.73%


outlier.ai
27.10%


outlier velocity
11.10%


outlier.ai blog
7.95%


outlier ai launch
6.33%










Domain Registration Data
Compare it to ...




 




Registrar and Status
No data


In Other TLDs

1. outlier.nyc
2. outlier.com
3. outlier.cc
4. outlier.bike




Similar Domain Names

1. outliers.ro
2. outliers.es
3. outliermodel.com
4. outlierventures.io
5. outlier-linguistics.com









Social Engagement
Compare it to ...




 

Outlier.ai has 0% of its total traffic coming from social networks (in last 3 months) and the most active engagement is detected in Facebook (68 shares)


Social Metrics Get more Outlier.ai social history


0%
of total traffic in last 3 months is social

 



0
Facebook likes


68
Facebook shares








-
Twitter mentions







0
Google pluses




62
LinkedIn mentions




0
Pinterest pins




0
StumbleUpon views









Server Information
Compare it to ...




 

Outlier.ai uses WordPress CMS and is hosted by Google Inc.



IP Whois Get more Outlier.ai server history


Google Inc.



104.197.250.121
IP address




Server Technologies


Nginx
Backend server 


WordPress
CMS






DNS Records



Nameservers

angela.ns.cloudflare.com
mark.ns.cloudflare.com
ns-1215.awsdns-23.org
ns-1829.awsdns-36.co.uk
ns-48.awsdns-06.com






host
value
ttl


outlier.ai
104.197.250.121
299




host
value
ttl
pri


outlier.ai
aspmx.l.google.com
299
1


outlier.ai
alt1.aspmx.l.google.com
299
5


outlier.ai
alt2.aspmx.l.google.com
299
5


outlier.ai
alt3.aspmx.l.google.com
299
10


outlier.ai
alt4.aspmx.l.google.com
299
10




host
value
ttl


outlier.ai
angela.ns.cloudflare.com
86399


outlier.ai
mark.ns.cloudflare.com
86399




host
value
ttl


outlier.ai
Mname: ns-943.awsdns-53.netRname: awsdns-hostmaster.amazon.comSerial: 1Refresh: 7200Retry: 900Expire: 1209600Minimum-ttl: 86400
899




host
value
ttl


outlier.ai
Txt: v=spf1 include:servers.mcsv.net include:sendgrid.net include:_spf.google.com ?all
299










Safety
Compare it to ...




 

Safety status of Outlier.ai is described as follows: Google Safe Browsing reports its status as safe.


Get more Outlier.ai reviews



MyWOT


Overall reputation
Unknown


Trustworthiness
Unknown


Privacy
Unknown


Child safety
Unknown




Google Safe Browsing


Website status
Safe


Status
ok




User reviews


Reputation
Unknown





0
positive


0
negative









Recently analyzed sites:


lakelandcommunitycollege.learn2driveusa.com



levoyagevogue.com



kabulwebs.af



saleswarp.kanbanize.com



cocojullion.com



nvip.ashowtimedl.org



united-states.selldude.com



freewallpapersforpc.com



b2bemaildatabase.com



a1k44.thptbatbat.com










 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















AI : Social Innovation : Hitachi













Skip to main content




Search

U.S.A.

Hitachi GroupProducts & Services
Hitachi GroupCorporate Information









Sitemap
Contact Information


About Social Innovation

Solutions

Case Studies
Events





Site Top
Solutions
AI





View PDF version (1.19MBytes)





AI
Take on this unpredictable business age togetherwith Hitachi AI Technology/H.
View more







Modern business is full of unpredictability.
"We know only two things about the future: It cannot be known, and it will be different from what exists now and from what we expect."── Peter Drucker *1What's the best way to handle this unpredictability? This is one of the many challenges businesses face today, and the difficulty keeps growing.
In the past, businesses would classify situations into categories and handle unpredictable circumstances by considering contingencies in advance for each category. However, fluctuations in demand and prices as well as diversification of individual preferences are just happening at an increasingly rapid pace. As business activity crosses borders, businesses also face differences in national and regional cultures and customs. Attempting to accurately classify all of these would result in an overwhelming number of categories. And because envisioning all kinds of situations in advance is theoretically impossible, a business would need to constantly update its classifications and approaches, requiring a great deal of effort and cost.

*1:
P. F. Drucker, "Managing for Results," Harper & Row, New York (1964).










That is where AI comes in. But existing AI has its limits.
The way to change this state of affairs is through AI (artificial intelligence). There are already several types of AI being used today, but each of these is merely limited to a specific application.
For example, there's the AI that generates customer recommendations for retailers. There are facial recognition systems that spot faces from photo data. There are systems that answer quizzes. Technologies that identify people's faces based on online images. These types of AI must be designed by humans based on hypotheses of data that people would enter, implemented as programs, and analyzed and developed for each problem to which they are applied. And one disadvantage of being based on hypotheses envisioned by people is that they usually do not produce results that surpass human ideas.








View video about an experiment using a robot outfitted with H






H, that aims to be the true artificial intelligence.
One technology that has realized a greater level of versatility is Hitachi AI Technology/H (hereafter "H"), which was announced by Hitachi in 2015. H responds to a wide range of applications, automatically generating a large number of hypotheses -- over one million -- from the data itself and then deriving the factors to be required and selecting the best of the options given by humans.  
Here is one experiment. A robot outfitted with H is placed on a swing made of toy blocks. With the purpose of "maximizing the deflection angle of the swing," it is given a condition of "bending and extending the knees." H forms hypotheses on when and how much to bend the knees based on information obtained through its own movements. It acts on these and begins to search for the optimum values. The robot with H started to move the swing in less than one minute, and in five minutes came up with a swinging motion beyond even human conception.In examples like these, H can learn from voluminous amounts of data and make judgments on its own, eliminating the need for people to set up hypotheses in advance and finding solutions that humans had not conceived. 







The journey into the unpredictable has already begun.
H can be applied to existing systems in various fields and issues, without the need for altering basic functions. When used as an add-on, it can learn on its own to turn existing systems into growing systems. For example, one distribution warehouse used H as an add-on to its WMS (Warehouse Management System), and as a result achieved an 8% improvement in productivity at that warehouse. Other improvements that have been confirmed include 15% better sales at a store and a 27% boost in order rates at a call center. It's also being applied in finance, railways, factories, water plants, and other areas -- already 57 projects in 14 areas.Next, it's your turn. H is your partner for handling the unpredictability of modern business.




Applied in 57 projects in 14 areas


Warehouse

08%Improvementin productivity


Retail

15%Increase in sales


Call center

27%Boost inorder rates




Page top






AI "THE FUTURE IS OPEN TO SUGGESTIONS" - Web Movie - Hitachi






WITH AI, THE FUTURE IS OPEN TO SUGGESTIONS
Watch our web movie to learn how Hitachi’s AI is helping to achieve business goals in various industries.
                            






View PDF version (1.19MBytes)



In order to read a PDF file, you need to have Adobe® Reader® installed in your computer. 








SEE MORE RELATED CONTENTS







Hitachi AI Technology/H
Hitachi AI Technology/H is a data-driven artificial intelligence which learns, thinks, and judges from data.

VIEW VIDEO







Development Story
Synergy of Humans and Hitachi AI Technology/H Creates an Ascending Spiral for Improved Operations

VIEW MORE







Debating artificial intelligence
We are working on debating artificial intelligence (AI), which instantaneously analyzes large volumes of documents...

VIEW MORE







Hitachi Review Volume 65 Number 6 July 2016
Artificial Intelligence as a HopeAI for Taking the Challenges of Unpredictable Era

VIEW MORE









Page top









 Disclaimer and copyrights 

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

© Hitachi, Ltd. 1994, 2017. All rights reserved.






















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












Amazon Mobile Shopping Apps




































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 
























































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

























Get the Free Amazon App and Start Shopping




Visit amazon.com/mobileapps from your mobile browser






Enter your e-mail to receive a link to download





























Free Amazon Apps












Amazon App




  
  iPhone & iPad




  
  Android Tablets













Underground




  
  Android Phone













Kindle




  
  iPhone




  
  iPad




  
  Android




  
  Windows Phone 7













Amazon Music




  
  iPhone & iPad




  
  Android















Amazon Video




  
  iPhone & iPad




  
  Android













Amazon Cloud Drive




  
  iPhone & iPad




  
  Android













Prime Now




  
  iPhone




  
  Android













Amazon Seller




  
  iPhone & iPad




  
  Android















SHOPBOP




  
  iPhone













Zappos




  
  iPhone




  
  Android













Audible




  
  iPhone




  
  Android













Goodreads




  
  iPhone




  
  Android















IMDb




  
  iPhone & iPad




  
  Android













Diapers.com




  
  iPhone & iPad













Soap.com




  
  iPhone & iPad













YoYo.com




  
  iPhone & iPad















Wag.com




  
  iPhone & iPad


































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    




v
























