





    Christopher Oversby | UNIVAR INC. | ZoomInfo.com
需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017























Biography of Christopher Oversby - The Official Board 




















 

 


 


We use cookies to provide a better service. By continuing your navigation, you consent to their use. Learn more on Privacy Policy.










Business E-mail



Password


            Lost password        



 




Executive name, Job title...



Advanced Search
Tips














Biography of Christopher Oversby
                Last update: March 30, 2017            







Career

                                                                                Christopher Oversby graduated from Leeds University.                                                                                Christopher was Vice President and General Manager, Oil and Mining Services for Clariant.                                                                                 Christopher Oversby joined Univar in 2012. Christopher served as President, Global Oil, Gas and Mining at Univar.                                                

Christopher Oversby is currently

President – Global Oil, Gas, and Mining - Magnable...


Magnablend (org chart)





Create an alert 
                   to follow the career of Christopher Oversby.
					                



With Skype, Call Magnablend at +1 972... and ask for  Christopher Oversby.                

Share









More information about Christopher Oversby

Selected links



Christopher Oversby - Global Oil, Gas, & Mining - Magnablend





Magnablend - Leadership - Christopher Oversby






Social Media

                    Christopher Oversby on Google News, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube
View the pictures of Christopher Oversby 



Add a new link about Christopher Oversby 


Delete any non-relevant links for Christopher Oversby 

Do you need to know more about Christopher Oversby?
Extend your search. 



Get in Touch

                    Sorry, but Christopher Oversby cannot be contacted yet through our email service. Please use our Premium/VIP service to join colleagues of Christopher Oversby listed below. Here are a few tips for establishing great contacts.                


The colleagues of Christopher Oversby
Company Colleagues

                            At Magnablend, Christopher Oversby has 3 colleagues  who can be contacted including Zissis Pappas (Upstream Oil & Gas), Mohand Melbouci (Product & Technology)…                         






Industry Colleagues

                        In the Chemicals industry, Christopher Oversby has 11,368 colleagues in 1,040 companies located in 84 countries.                        2,760 executive movements have been recorded in the last 12 months.                        Learn more about Chemicals.






Report an error
Update the org chart details of Christopher Oversby.












The most constantly updated executive database.


Companies
Learn about your customers' org charts. Understand their industries and their competitors.

List of the companies
Statistics by industry



Executives
View the executives' biographies. Contact the executives through our email platform.

Most viewed Biographies
Contact an executive



Alerts
Receive alerts when important organizational changes happen.

Create an alert
Manage your alerts



Track your customers
Download our data in Excel on your PC. File your customers in folders. Add private notes.

Download our data
Meaning of key titles








Insert a relevant link about Christopher Oversby.

How does this work?Those links are either provided by our members or search engines. By adding links, you help make this biography more complete. We appreciate the help!



URL of the page to add*
Text to display*
Add a link





Which links about Christopher Oversby are irrelevant and should be deleted?

How does this work?Our links are provided by our members and by our search technology.  By deleting links, you help make this biography more relevant. We appreciate the help!




Christopher Oversby - Global Oil, Gas, & Mining - Magnablend

     Suppress this link (It is not relevant).

Magnablend - Leadership - Christopher Oversby

     Suppress this link (It is not relevant).

Confirm



 


                    For each of our 763,649 listed executives,discover their exact rolesand their biographies.                

Free Test






		After three unsuccessful trials, for your security,your access has to be interrupted for 10 minutes.Many thanks for your appreciated understanding.Please contact us for any assistance at contact@theofficialboard.com.	
Close































 



 David Jukes Named President of Univar USA and Latin America, Chris Oversby to Lead Univar EMEA 
         










    










 













 











 



















David Jukes Named President of Univar USA and Latin America, Chris Oversby to Lead Univar EMEA
        																																																								
              
















 News provided by
Univar  
Apr 19, 2016, 17:37 ET









 Share this article




























































DOWNERS GROVE, Ill., April 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- David Jukes has been named Executive Vice President, and President of Univar USA and Latin America, effective June 1, 2016. The announcement was made by Erik Fyrwald, President and Chief Executive Officer, to whom Jukes continues to report. 








In addition to his current leadership role for Latin America, Jukes will now have overall responsibility for managing Univar's commercial and supply chain operations in the U.S. He will be responsible for further strengthening the company's capabilities to serve customers and suppliers by focusing on organic growth opportunities in target end markets and driving operational excellence initiatives across the organization. He will relocate to Univar's corporate headquarters in Downers Grove later this year. 
"David has proven himself a strong people-, customer- and supplier-focused leader," said Fyrwald. "He brings over 35 years of international chemical distribution experience, and most recently has successfully led the turnaround of our businesses in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. We look forward to leveraging his experience and leadership as we focus on growth within our largest geographic operating segment."
In a related move, Chris Oversby has been named to a new role as President, Univar Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Oversby continues to report to Fyrwald and will relocate to Univar's main European office in Chertsey, Surrey, U.K., later this year.
"Chris has a long successful history in the chemical industry and has helped step-change our position in the oil and gas market," said Fyrwald. "Chris' deep commercial knowledge and global experience gives him the right perspective and abilities to focus on growth while continuing to drive execution with our EMEA leadership team."
Jukes joined Univar in 2002 and has served as President of Univar EMEA since January 2011, and President of Latin America and Asia Pacific since September 2015. Previously, he served in numerous leadership roles within the organization, including Vice President, Sales and Marketing, EMEA; and Regional Director of Univar UK, Ireland, the Nordics, and Distrupol. Prior to joining Univar, Jukes was Senior Vice President of Global Sales, Marketing, and Industry Relations, for Omnexus, a plastics industry consortium e-commerce platform. He is a graduate of the London Business School.
Oversby joined Univar in November 2012 as President, Global Oil, Gas and Mining. Prior to joining Univar, he served as Vice President and General Manager for the Oil and Mining Services division at Clariant AG., a leading global specialty chemical company, and also spent 25 years with Baker Hughes Incorporated, where he served in several senior leadership positions, including Vice President, Marketing, Technology, and Business Development, for the Baker Petrolite Division. Oversby holds an M.B.A. with Merit from Leeds University Business School, and has completed executive programs at Stanford University and Harvard Business School. He is a Chartered Chemist, Member Royal Society of Chemistry.
About Univar Inc.
Founded in 1924, Univar [NYSE:   UNVR] is a global distributor of specialty and basic chemicals from more than 8,000 producers worldwide. Univar operates more than 800 distribution facilities throughout North America, Western Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, and Latin America, supported by a global network of sales and technical professionals. With a broad portfolio of products and value-added services, and deep technical and market expertise, Univar delivers the tailored solutions customers need through one of the most extensive chemical distribution networks in the world. Univar is Chemistry DeliveredSM.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150608/221390LOGO
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/david-jukes-named-president-of-univar-usa-and-latin-america-chris-oversby-to-lead-univar-emea-300254134.html
SOURCE  Univar
 Related Links

http://www.univarcorp.com



 

















May 03, 2016, 16:01 ET
Preview: Univar Names Chemical Industry Executive and Board Member Stephen D. Newlin President and CEO; J. Erik Fyrwald to Take New CEO Position




















Apr 07, 2016, 16:30 ET
Preview: Univar Inc. to Report 2016 First Quarter Financial Results on May 4








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 01, 2017, 17:46 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Univar Launches Botanicals and Dietary Enzymes for the Canadian...








 











May 05, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Univar Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
  Chemical
  Mining & Metals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
David Jukes Named President of Univar USA and Latin America, Chris Oversby to Lead Univar EMEA


 News provided by
Univar  
Apr 19, 2016, 17:37 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 













 






	David Jukes Named President of Univar USA and Latin America, Chris Oversby to Lead Univar EMEA






























 --%>     
            
                Before you go further...
            



                …. we are obliged to ask your permission before placing any cookies on your computer. This website uses cookies to make your browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable.
            





                        Allow Cookies
                    



                        Cookie Policy
                    








TEST!












Login


Contact Us



Share





	English






			Global Home
			 English

AmericasBrazil English PortuguêsCanada English FrenchMexico English EspañolUnited States EnglishAsia PacificChina English 中文Europe, Middle East & AfricaEMEA Regional Site English

















About Us







Why Univar


Leadership


Our Vision


Our History


Careers


Code of Conduct


Contact Us









Our Business







Chemistry Distribution


Industries


Products


Innovative Services









Safety & Sustainability







Safety


Sustainability


REACH









Investors







Company Description


Investor News


Stock Information


Financial Information


Corporate Governance


Events & Presentations


Investor Resources


RSS Feeds









Newsroom







News Archive


Trade Shows and Events



























HomeNewsroom
ArchiveTrade Shows and Events










Press Releases











David Jukes Named President of Univar USA and Latin America, Chris Oversby to Lead Univar EMEA
    
    19 April 2016
    DOWNERS GROVE, Ill. – April 19, 2016 – David Jukes has been named Executive Vice President, and President of Univar USA and Latin America, effective June 1, 2016. The announcement was made by Erik Fyrwald, President and Chief Executive Officer, to whom Jukes continues to report. 
In addition to his current leadership role for Latin America, Jukes will now have overall responsibility for managing Univar’s commercial and supply chain operations in the U.S. He will be responsible for further strengthening the company’s capabilities to serve customers and suppliers by focusing on organic growth opportunities in target end markets and driving operational excellence initiatives across the organization. He will relocate to Univar’s corporate headquarters in Downers Grove later this year.
“David has proven himself a strong people-, customer- and supplier-focused leader,” said Fyrwald. “He brings over 35 years of international chemical distribution experience, and most recently has successfully led the turnaround of our businesses in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. We look forward to leveraging his experience and leadership as we focus on growth within our largest geographic operating segment.”
In a related move, Chris Oversby has been named to a new role as President, Univar Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Oversby continues to report to Fyrwald and will relocate to Univar’s main European office in Chertsey, Surrey, U.K., later this year.
“Chris has a long successful history in the chemical industry and has helped step-change our position in the oil and gas market,” said Fyrwald. “Chris’ deep commercial knowledge and global experience gives him the right perspective and abilities to focus on growth while continuing to drive execution with our EMEA leadership team.”
Jukes joined Univar in 2002 and has served as President of Univar EMEA since January 2011, and President of Latin America and Asia Pacific since September 2015. Previously, he served in numerous leadership roles within the organization, including Vice President, Sales and Marketing, EMEA; and Regional Director of Univar UK, Ireland, the Nordics, and Distrupol. Prior to joining Univar, Jukes was Senior Vice President of Global Sales, Marketing, and Industry Relations, for Omnexus, a plastics industry consortium e-commerce platform. He is a graduate of the London Business School.
Oversby joined Univar in November 2012 as President, Global Oil, Gas and Mining. Prior to joining Univar, he served as Vice President and General Manager for the Oil and Mining Services division at Clariant AG., a leading global specialty chemical company, and also spent 25 years with Baker Hughes Incorporated, where he served in several senior leadership positions, including Vice President, Marketing, Technology, and Business Development, for the Baker Petrolite Division. Oversby holds an M.B.A. with Merit from Leeds University Business School, and has completed executive programs at Stanford University and Harvard Business School. He is a Chartered Chemist, Member Royal Society of Chemistry.





About Univar Inc.

Founded in 1924, Univar (NYSE: UNVR) is a global distributor of specialty and basic chemicals from more than 8,000 producers worldwide. Univar operates more than 700 distribution facilities throughout North America, Western Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, and Latin America, supported by a global network of sales and technical professionals. With a broad portfolio of products and value-added services, and deep technical and market expertise, Univar delivers the tailored solutions customers need through one of the most extensive chemical distribution networks in the world. Univar is Chemistry DeliveredSM.  For more information, visit www.univar.com.

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Media Relations:
    Scott C. Johnson
    +1 331-777-6187
scott.johnson@univarusa.com




























Contact Us
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Copyright © 2015 Univar Inc. All rights reserved.


Follow us on   









This website uses cookies to make your browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable





                        Cookie Policy
                    





                        Allow Cookies
                    


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















christopher oversby - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Your search for "christopher oversby" returned no results.
We're temporarily experiencing connectivity delays due to heavy traffic. Sorry, please come back later.






Answers







2012 Manx Grand Prix



2012 Manx Grand Prix

more






1946 Birthday Honours



Navigation Fleet. Charles Ernest Christopher Browne, Government Parliamentary Agent. Cyril Lodowic Burt, DSc, LLD, Professor of Psychology, University...

more






2013 Manx Grand Prix



7 Daniel Sayle 750 cc Honda 110.902 mph .39.027 8 Adrian Cox 600 cc Honda 110.832 mph .42.119 9 Alan Oversby 750 cc Suzuki 110.664 mph .49.565 10 David...

more










News Results






Christopher Glenn Seymour



WSPA.com - News

 - Jul 20


(NEWS RELEASE) – Abbeville, S.C.; July 20, 2017 – Eighth Circuit Solicitor David M. Stumbo announced Thursday that a Ninety Six man was sentenced to 20...

more





Christopher Nolan slams Netflix



Sky News - Australia Sky

 - Jul 21


Hollywood filmmaker Christopher Nolan has slammed Netflix for not releasing its movies in cinemas. The 46-year-old filmmaker - who is currently...

more





CHARLES AARON CHRISTOPHER



Obituaries

 - Jul 21


Charles Aaron Christopher, 86, an Air Force veteran, died with his family at his side on Wednesday afternoon, July 19, 2017, at Kitty Askins Hospice...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








