   King Owyang | Siliconix incorporated | ZoomInfo.com








King Owyang Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















King Owyang Ph.D.
Board Member at Alpha & Omega Semiconductor


View Full Profile
Are you King Owyang Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view King Owyang Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in King Owyang Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in King Owyang Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with King Owyang Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








King Owyang Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Alpha & Omega Semiconductor


Past
To view King Owyang Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
70

 
 


King Owyang Ph.D.'s Biography



King Owyang, Ph.D., has been a director of our company since April 2013. He is the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Computime Group Limited, a Hong Kong listed company and a leading global provider of electronic control technologies. Prior to joining Computime, Dr. Owyang held various positions at Siliconix Inc., a U.S. semiconductor company, for over 21 years, including the President and Chief Executive Officer. He was instrumental in leading Siliconix to become a highly profitable company with industry leading products. Under his leadership and management, Siliconix established itself as the world leader in power switching  ...
(Read More)

			King Owyang, Ph.D., has been a director of our company since April 2013. He is the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Computime Group Limited, a Hong Kong listed company and a leading global provider of electronic control technologies. Prior to joining Computime, Dr. Owyang held various positions at Siliconix Inc., a U.S. semiconductor company, for over 21 years, including the President and Chief Executive Officer. He was instrumental in leading Siliconix to become a highly profitable company with industry leading products. Under his leadership and management, Siliconix established itself as the world leader in power switching and management products and its sales grew to a record level in 2008. Prior to joining Siliconix, Dr. Owyang held various technical and managerial positions at General Electric Company, where he was responsible for developing many enabling semiconductor technologies. Dr. Owyang is a recognized leader in the power semiconductor industry. He has published over 20 technical papers and has been awarded more than 25 patents. Dr Owyang obtained his B.S. in Physics and his Ph.D in the field of Material Science in 1968 and 1974 respectively from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA. Dr. Owyang's broad experience in the power semiconductor industry, including his background in leadership positions at major technology companies, as well as his knowledge in the technical and operational aspects of semiconductor companies, provide the Board with an in-depth understanding of our business and operations.
		
Source: Alpha & Omega Semiconductor on 10/03/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view King Owyang Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like King Owyang Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in King Owyang Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in King Owyang Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with King Owyang Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: King Owyang Ph.D.


















King Owyang Ph.D.'s Connections (34)





Sign up now to view King Owyang Ph.D.'s 34 connections »









Thomas C. Wertheimer
Board Member, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.









Ziv Shoshani
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Vishay Precision Group, Inc.









Abraham Ludomirski
Board Member, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.









Marc Zandman
Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Business Development Officer and President, Vishay Israel Ltd., Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.









Richard N. Grubb
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.









JEAN-CLAUDE TINE
Former Board Member, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.









Michael J. Salameh
Board Member, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor









Robert A. Freece
Former Board Member, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.









Jimmy S. Lee
Former Executive Chairman of the Board, Integrated Silicon Solution Inc.









Yueh-Se Ho
Dir. and Chief Operating Officer, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















AOSL King Owyang Insider Trades for Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Inc.

                  NASDAQ: AOSL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


AOSL

/quotes/zigman/117829/composite


$
18.22




Change

-0.0036
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 27,789
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/117829/composite
Previous close

$
			18.37
		


$
				18.22
			
Change

-0.15
-0.82%





Day low
Day high
$17.79
$18.51










52 week low
52 week high

            $14.00
        

            $23.93
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




King Owyang



Dr. King Owyang is Independent Director at Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Ltd. and Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director at Computime Group Ltd. He is on the Board of Directors at Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Ltd. and Computime Group Ltd.
Dr. Owyang was previously employed as President & Chief Executive Officer by Siliconix, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a doctorate degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/09/2016
4,513


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/09/2015
5,134


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/10/2014
4,488


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/24/2014
2,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Mike F. Chang 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Dr. Yueh-Se  Ho 
Chief Operating Officer & Director




Mr. Yi Fan  Liang 
Secretary, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Dr. Lucas S. Chang 
Director




Mr. Kuang Ming  Chang 
Senior Vice President-Marketing




Ms. So-Yeon  Jeong 
Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Michael J. Salameh 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Robert I. Chen 
Independent Director




Dr. King  Owyang 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael L. Pfeiffer 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:24 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pThe dark side of cruises
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































   King Owyang | Siliconix incorporated | ZoomInfo.com






APEA /
                HONG-KONG /
                    DR OWYANG KING &MDASH; ENTERPRISE ASIA            









































































Select Country:




Australia
Brunei
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India




Indonesia
Japan
Korea
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore




Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
UAE
Vietnam
BIMP-EAGA










Outstanding Category

Dr Owyang King

Executive Director & CEO







BY TRANSFORMING THE COMPANY FROM A MANUFACTURING-CENTRIC ORGANIZATION TO AN ENGINEERING AND MARKETING DRIVEN ENTERPRISE, DR OWYANG HAS SIGNIFICANTLY GROWN THE HIGH MARGIN, HIGH ADDED-VALUE BUSINESS SECTORS IN THE COMPANY’S CONTROL SOLUTIONS DIVISION. 








Computime Group Limited

                                Telecommunications & ICT                            

                                9/F, Tower One, Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Hong Kong                            

                                (852) 2260 0388                            


                                    www.computime.com                                





Dr Owyang is the Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director and a member of the executive committee of the Computime Group Limited; a Hong Kong listed company engaging in design, development and manufacturing of Electronic Control products. He joined the Group in April 2010.
He obtained a degree of Bachelor of Science in Physics and a degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the field of Materials Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, United States in 1968 and 1974 respectively. Dr Owyang joined General Electric Company as a member of technical staff in 1974 and held various technical and managerial positions, including directing research and development activities for the Semiconductor Division. Dr Owyang was responsible for developing many enabling semiconductor technologies, including the world’s first 500V Power Integrated Circuit and Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor technologies. Both are landmark semiconductor technologies for power switching and management products. Dr Owyang received the company’s prestigious Outstanding Achievement Award in 1981.
Dr Owyang joined Siliconix Incorporated (a NASDAQ listed company) in California as Vice President of Research and Development and directed the work of 70 scientists, engineers and technical staff in the area of electronic devices, circuits, processing technology and packaging development. His primary mission was to revitalize the technology position of the company and to develop highly differentiated semiconductor products that became game changer for the emerging mobile computing industry. He restructured the R&D organization, streamlined the product development process and recruited key technical talents. Under his leadership, the team successfully developed the ground-breaking “Trench Technology” that enabled the design and fabrication of very low resistance power switching products with small form factors. These new technologies and products of which Siliconix was the sole supplier were key enabling devices for a new generation of laptop computers and small footprint mobile phones in the 1990 -2000 timeframe.
In 1992, he was promoted to Executive Vice President and assumed additional responsibility for all Silicon Operations which included Wafer Fab Operation and Quality Assurance. He seized this opportunity to streamline the organization so as to facilitate an integrated approach to produce world-class products for the fast changing mobile industry. His contributions and decisive actions were instrumental in turning the company from a technology follower and position-losing firm to a highly profitable company with industry leading products.
In 1997, Dr Owyang was promoted to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Under his leadership and management, the company firmly established itself as the world leader in power switching and management products and its sales grew to a record level in 2008. Dr Owyang is a recognized leader in the Power Metaloxide Semiconductor Field-effect Transistor Industry. He has published over 20 technical papers and has been awarded more than 25 patents. He received the Industry IR100 Award in 1979 and 1983 based on his pioneering works in silicon power device technologies and products.
During his tenure at Computime Group Limited, Dr Owyang has successfully re-engineered the company to be more productive and profitable. With a new corporate culture that now emphasizes teamwork and accountability and with an increase in factory automation, the company has been able to increase both revenues and profits every year Dr Owyang has been CEO. More importantly, Dr Owyang also saw the opportunity to reformulate the company’s strategy by focusing on key account








NEVER LET THE PAST DEFINE YOUR FUTURE





management, product mix optimization and expanding product lines and markets through product innovation. Increased strategic investments in R&D and Business Development have also helped secure Computime’s position as a market leader in market segments served by Computime Group Limited going forward.
By transforming the company from a manufacturing-centric organization to an engineering and marketing driven enterprise, Dr Owyang has significantly grown the high margin, high added-value business sectors in the company’s Control Solutions Division.
Through strategic investment in the company’s wireless design and manufacturing capabilities, Dr Owyang has led the company to be a major player in the highly competitive but high growth market of connected devices. The benefits of this focus and investment can be seen in both the Control Solutions division as well as the SALUS brand.
Control Solutions has become a leading design and manufacturing partner to many of the world’s top brands developing connected products. Similarly, SALUS has been able to expand their business outside the residential market to be a major player in the commercial, retail, and utility markets. SALUS has also been able to secure partnerships with major global player such as GDF, Europe’s largest utility company and Roger Communications, Canada’s largest Cable and Telecommunications company.
Dr Owyang has been recognized for his industry leadership and success by being selected as a participant in the US National Register’s “Who is Who in Executives and Professionals”. He also currently serves as a director of Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited, a Silicon Valley Company listed on the NASDAQ.



Dr Owyang Lead a team of scientists and engineers to develop the world’s first commercial Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor (IGBT) and the world’s first 500V Power Integrated Circuit, both are landmark semiconductortechnologies for powerswitching andmanagement products
Dr Owyang turned Siliconix, a NASDAQ listed California Company, from a technology follower and position-losing firm to a highly profitable company with industry leading semiconductor products.
Dr Owyang transformed The Computime Group Limited from a manufacturing-centric EMS Company to an engineering and marketing driven global player providing energy saving and connected solutions































 





King  Owyang - Atherton, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found King  Owyang in Atherton, CA


King  Owyang

                                                                           Intelius found that King  Owyang  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Atherton, CA.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

King  Owyang is in his 70s

King Has Lived In

Atherton, CA
Sebastopol, CA
Mountain View, CA

King's Relatives

Charles Owyang
Ernie Heinz
Vivian Owyang
Shen Owyang







King  Owyang



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
President And Chief Executive Officer, Siliconix at Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about King? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about King, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on King  Owyang
Get a Criminal Check on King  Owyang
Get a Public Record Report on King  Owyang
Get a People Search Report on King  Owyang


King  Owyang's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where King  Owyang has lived as well as King  Owyang's phone numbers and email addresses.




King  Owyang Has Lived in 5 States
California Address for King  Owyang


66 E***** A** 

Atherton, CA


Has Lived In

Atherton, CA
Sebastopol, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with King  Owyang

(650) ***-**** - Atherton, CA 
(707) ***-****
(408) ***-**** - Sunnyvale, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with King  Owyang

k*********g@***.com
k*********g@***.com
k***o@***.com


Get Email Report




King  Owyang's Professional Information
Information regarding King  Owyang's professional history.  Find out previous places King  Owyang has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


King  Owyang Has Worked at 9 Places
Company: Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
               Title: President And Chief Executive Officer, Siliconix
Company: Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
King  Owyang's Experience
Title: President And Chief Executive Officer, Siliconix
               Company: Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on King  Owyang

 See King  Owyang's LinkedIn Profile



King  Owyang's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for King  Owyang


King  Owyang's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of King  Owyang's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
King Owyang
Username Matches

                  KingOwyang
                  OwyangKing
                  King.Owyang
                  Owyang.King
                  King_Owyang
                  Owyang_King
                  King-Owyang
                  Owyang-King
                  KOwyang
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Owyang







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













KING  OWYANG - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











KING  OWYANG
Check out list of companies and businesses related to KING  OWYANG. Find out KING  OWYANG address and contact details. View other people related to KING  OWYANG - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

2201 LAURELWOOD ROAD  SANTA CLARA, 95054 CA




Companies related to KING  OWYANG
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000090283SILICONIX INCPresident and CEO 2201 LAURELWOOD RD  SANTA CLARA 950560001387467ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR LtdDirector 475 OAKMEAD PARKWAY  SUNNYVALE 94085




KING  OWYANG on the Web
Persons related to KING  OWYANG - SILICONIX INCNamePositionCityNICK  BACILEExecutive Vice President SANTA CLARA,Hanspeter  EberhardtSANTA CLARA,KING  OWYANGPresident and CEO SANTA CLARA,VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC10% Owner MALVERNTHOMAS C  WERTHEIMERSANTA CLARA,Persons related to KING  OWYANG - ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR LtdNamePositionCityHOWARD  BAILEYDirector SUNNYVALEChuang Te  ChangDirector SUNNYVALEDaniel Kuang Ming  ChangSenior VP of Marketing SUNNYVALELucas S.  ChangDirector SUNNYVALEMike F  ChangChief Executive Officer SUNNYVALEROBERT I  CHENDirector SUNNYVALEROBERT I  CHENDirector SUNNYVALEMary  DotzChief Financial Officer SUNNYVALETony  GrizeljVP of Power Discrete Product SUNNYVALEYueh-Se  HoChief Operating Officer SUNNYVALEEphraim  KwokSUNNYVALEYifan  LiangCFO and Corp Secretary SUNNYVALEKING  OWYANGDirector SANTA CLARA,KING  OWYANGDirector SUNNYVALEMichael L  PfeifferDirector SUNNYVALEMICHAEL J  SALAMEHDirector SUNNYVALEMICHAEL J  SALAMEHDirector SUNNYVALESCGF III MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner MENLO PARKSequoia Capital Growth Fund III AIV L PMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL GROWTH III PRINCIPALS FUNDMENLO PARKCAPITAL GROWTH PARTNERS  SEQUOIA IIIMENLO PARKRICHARD W  SEVCIKDirector SUNNYVALETHOMAS W  STEIPPDirector SUNNYVALEMARK A  STEVENSDirector MENLO PARKHAMZA  YILMAZChief Technology Officer FREMONTHAMZA  YILMAZChief Technology Officer SUNNYVALE












 










King Owyang, 71  - Atherton, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 KO


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

King Owyang
 Atherton, CA
 Age: 71 -
								11/20/1945






AKA:
                                                Owyang King, Kign Owyang, Ing Owyang, 













Work Info







Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            King










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











6*** **** Ave


Atherton, CA 94027







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Atherton
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Bodega Bay
, CA.
         is related to
                Genevieve Owyang.
        















About & Contact Information


King's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Atherton
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Menlo Park
, CA.
         is related to
                Genevieve Owyang.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
6*** **** Ave
Atherton, CA
View Address


Past Address
63*** **** Dr




Bodega Bay
, CA
View Address


Past Address
87*** **** Dr




Baldwinsville
, NY
View Address


Past Address
P*** **** 2347




Menlo Park
, CA
View Address





    King may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see King's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    King may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    King may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    King may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    King may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    King may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see King's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    King may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    King may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see King's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





King Owyang's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        King










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    King may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on King. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    King may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses King may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    King may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that King may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 GO

Genevieve Owyang

                                            Sunnyvale, CA



 VO

Vivian Owyang

                                            Atherton, CA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    King may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help King build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating King Owyang
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into King's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does King have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with King
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with King

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date King

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know King?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You King Owyang?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  King 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about King .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON King Owyang
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view King Owyang's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access King's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for King Owyang











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  King



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for King Owyang











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Sun Jul 23 18:24:48 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










Board of Directors - Computime























































































 



 











 

















 




















 





Board of Directors









 




Board of Directors

 




Executive Directors
Auyang Ho, aged 85
Mr. Auyang is an executive Director, Chairman of the board of Directors (the “Board”), chairman of both the executive committee and nomination committee and a member of the remuneration committee of the Company. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Besides, Mr. Auyang is a director and a shareholder of Solar Power Group Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company. He is an elder brother of Dr. Owyang King, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and father-in-law of Mr. Au Hing Lun, Dennis, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He co-founded the Group in 1974. Mr. Auyang graduated from the South China Institute of Technology (now known as the South China University of Technology), where he studied structural engineering. Mr. Auyang has more than 30 years of experience in manufacturing operations, product management and development in the electronics industry. Prior to founding the Group, Mr. Auyang has been an engineer in the Ministry of Railways of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). During the period from April 1965 to January 1973, he worked in the group of The Hong Kong Chiap Hua Manufactory Company, (1947) Limited (now known as “Chiaphua Limited”) (this group is hereinafter referred to as “Chiap Hua Group”). He had served as an Assistant Plant Manager of the extrusion plant for The Hong Kong Chiap Hua Manufactory Company, (1947) Limited from April 1965 to December 1970. From January to September 1970, he acted as a Project Manager for International Containers Limited (a company formed by Chiap Hua Group and another party and has now been dissolved) and was responsible for supervising and co-ordinating the setting-up of a new manufacturing plant and all the facilities. In September 1970, he was formally promoted as the Plant Manager of International Containers Limited and held the position until he left Chiap Hua Group in January 1973. He then formed the Group and under his leadership, the Group received The Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong New Product Award in 1976. Mr. Auyang has been instrumental in spearheading the Group’s expansion and has secured many key customers since 1980 up to 2003. He currently acts as an advisor to our Chief Executive Officer and senior management and provides guidance on management issues.
Owyang King, aged 71
Dr. Owyang is an executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the executive committee of the Company. He is a younger brother of Mr. Auyang Ho, the Chairman of the Company. Mr. Au Hing Lun, Dennis, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is a son-in-law of Mr. Auyang. Accordingly, Dr. Owyang is an uncle of Mr. Au. Dr. Owyang joined the Group in April 2010. He obtained a degree of Bachelor of Science in Physics and a degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the field of Materials Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, United States in 1968 and 1974, respectively. Dr. Owyang joined General Electric Company as a member of technical staff in 1974 and held various technical and managerial positions, including directing research and development activities for the Semiconductor Division. Dr. Owyang was responsible for developing many enabling semiconductor technologies, including the world’s first 500V Power Integrated Circuit and Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor technologies. Dr. Owyang received the company’s prestigious Outstanding Achievement Award in 1981. In 1988, Dr. Owyang joined Siliconix Incorporated (a NASDAQ listed company) in California as Vice President of Research and Development and directed the work of 70 scientists, engineers and technical staff in the area of electronic devices, circuits, processing technology and packaging development. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in 1992 and assumed additional responsibility for all Silicon Operations where he restructured the engineering resources and Wafer Fab Operations to enhance the technical capability and overall productivity. He turned the company from a technology follower and position-losing firm to a highly profitable company with industry leading products. In 1997, Dr. Owyang was promoted to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Under his leadership and management, the company has firmly established itself as the world leader in power switching and management products and its sales grew to a record level in 2008. Dr. Owyang is a recognised leader in the Power Metaloxide Semiconductor Field-effect Transistor Industry. He has published over 20 technical papers and has been awarded more than 25 patents. He received the Industry IR100 Award in 1979 and 1983 based on his pioneering works in silicon power device technologies and products. Dr. Owyang has also been listed in the “National Register’s WHO’S WHO in Executives and Professionals”, which demonstrates his recognizable success in the field. In 2015, he was awarded the Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Award by Enterprise Asia, in recognition of his achievements in transforming Computime from an OEM electronics manufacturing service company to a market driven technology solution provider. He currently also serves as a director of Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited, a company listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market.
Au Hing Lun, Dennis, aged 57
Mr. Au is an executive Director, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer and a member of the executive committee of the Company. Mr. Au is a son-in-law of Mr. Auyang Ho, the Chairman of the Company. Dr. Owyang King, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and younger brother of Mr. Auyang, is accordingly an uncle of Mr. Au. Mr. Au joined the Group in May 2014 to head up the newly established Brand Distribution Division. He has over 30 years of experience in accounting, finance, consultancy, business development and general management spanning manufacturing, technology and real estate industries. Mr. Au commenced his career at the tax division of Arthur Andersen & Co (1983 to 1988) specialising in Hong Kong, China and US taxation. He joined Andersen Consulting (now known as “Accenture plc”) in North America in 1988, responsible for IT system design and integration projects for governments and multinational companies. In 1994, Mr. Au joined Wing Tai Properties Limited (“Wing Tai” and, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Wing Tai Group”) (formerly known as “USI Holdings Limited”) serving as chief financial officer, and he also served as the company secretary of Wing Tai from 1996 to 2006. Wing Tai is listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). He joined the board of Wing Tai as an executive director in 2004 and became managing director of the Wing Tai Group’s property division in 2006 and has been responsible for the Wing Tai Group’s corporate finance function. Mr. Au resigned as an executive director of Wing Tai and managing director of the Wing Tai Group’s property division with effect from 6 May 2014. He was also an executive director of the Wing Tai Group’s subsidiary, Winsor Properties Holdings Limited (now known as “Vanke Property (Overseas) Limited”, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange) from 2007 to 2012. Mr. Au is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. He has a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Hong Kong and a Bachelor of Science degree from Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.


 




Non-Executive Directors
Kam Chi Chiu, Anthony, aged 55
Mr. Kam is a non-executive Director and a member of the audit committee of the Company. Mr. Kam is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. He holds a Master’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. He qualified as a chartered accountant in London and currently practices as a certified public accountant in Hong Kong. Mr. Kam was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Group in November 1993.
Arvind Amratlal Patel, aged 76
Mr. Patel is a non-executive Director and a member of the audit committee of the Company. He was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Group in November 2005. Mr. Patel has retired with 40 years of experience with several U.S.–based public and private manufacturing companies. After earning his Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda in India, Mr. Patel immigrated to United States to pursue further studies. He began his professional career with Culligan International in 1966. After working with certain smaller companies, he returned to a management position at Culligan International in 1971 while simultaneously earning his Master’s degree in Business Administration from Loyola University Chicago. He then joined Intermatic Incorporated, an international manufacturer of electrical and electronic products. During his 20 years at Intermatic Incorporated, Mr. Patel held several executive positions, including president and chief operating officer, until his retirement in 2005. In addition to the management positions, Mr. Patel was elected to the boards of Intermatic Incorporated and Intermatic – A.T.C., a manufacturing joint venture in China, from July 2000 until his retirement in December 2005. Since his retirement from full time business activities, Mr. Patel became a partner and a member of the board of directors of TADD LLC, a privately held company engaged in design, manufacture and distribution of LED retro-fit lighting products in the U.S.A. In January 2011, Mr. Patel was elected to the board of directors of Rogan Corporation, a privately held company engaged in design, manufacture and distribution of sophisticated injection molded plastic components for industrial and consumer applications. He resigned from this position in April 2012.
Wong Chun Kong, aged 56
Mr. Wong is a non-executive Director of the Company. He is a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong and a Partner of Philip K H Wong, Kennedy Y H Wong & Co., Solicitors & Notaries. Mr. Wong was educated in both Hong Kong and England. He has substantial experience in civil litigation and deals mainly in commercial, personal injuries, banking and administrative law litigation, corporate acquisition, cross-border joint ventures etc.. He had served as a Deputy Adjudicator of the Small Claims Tribunal in 1998 and as an Adjudicator of the Registration of Persons Tribunal of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region during period from March 2005 to February 2011. He was also a panel member of the Municipal Services Appeals Board of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region during period from January 2009 to December 2014. He is now a Deputy Chief Adjudicator of the Registration of Persons Tribunal of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Wong has been a non-executive Director of the Company since February 2008.


 




Independent Non-Executive Directors
Luk Koon Hoo, BBS, JP, aged 65
Mr. Luk is an independent non-executive Director of the Company, the chairman of the audit committee and a member of both the remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company. He is a retired banker, and has 30 years of comprehensive experience in accounting and financial management. He began at Hang Seng Bank in 1975 as a trainee officer. He was appointed as personal assistant to the deputy general manager and held that office from 1987 to 1989. Mr. Luk served as the head of financial control in 1989, as director and deputy chief executive in 1994 and as managing director and deputy chief executive from 1996 to his retirement in May 2005. Regarding Mr. Luk’s other directorships, he is an independent non-executive director of China Properties Group Limited, Hung Hing Printing Group Limited and i-Cable Communications Limited (companies listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange) and is an independent non-executive director of AXA General Insurance Hong Kong Limited and Octopus Cards Limited. Mr. Luk also serves as a council member of The Chinese University of Hong Kong and a non-executive director of Urban Renewal Authority. Mr. Luk also served in the past on the Court and Council of Hong Kong Baptist University, the Advisory Committee on New Broadbased Taxes, the Personal Data (Privacy) Advisory Committee, the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government, the Statistics Advisory Board, the Broadcasting Authority, the Board of Trustees of the Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund and the Advisory Committee, the Investor Education Advisory Committee of the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”), Barristers Disciplinary Tribunal Panel, the Operations Review Committee of ICAC and Town Planning Board. He was an appointed member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1992 to 1995, and also a member of the first Election Committee of the Legislative Council. He holds a Bachelor of Social Sciences Degree in Statistics from The University of Hong Kong and a Master of Business Administration Degree from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is a fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Bankers. Mr. Luk is a Non-official Justice of the Peace and was awarded the honour of Bronze Bauhinia Star in 2004 in recognition of his contributions to public services. Mr. Luk was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Group in January 2006.
Patrick Thomas Siewert, aged 61
Mr. Siewert is an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of both the audit committee and nomination committee of the Company. He is a Managing Director and Partner of The Carlyle Group, advising on investments in consumer and retail businesses across Asia since April 2007. Previous to joining The Carlyle Group he held various positions in Asia with The Coca-Cola Company including group president and president and chief operating officer and corporate executive committee member during the period from 2001 to 2007. He was responsible for some of the highest growth businesses in The Coca-Cola Company and some of its most innovative and successful product launches. Mr. Siewert’s early career experiences were with the Eastman Kodak Company, where he had worked since 1974, holding positions in sales management, marketing, finance, brand management, business planning and general management in various countries/regions around the world, including the Americas, Europe and Asia. He served as chairman, Greater China Region, chief operating officer of Kodak’s global consumer business and president, Kodak Professional, its global commercial business. He was a senior vice-president of Eastman Kodak Company. Mr. Siewert attended the Rochester Institute of Technology in Imaging Science, Business and Service Management and received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration/Finance from Elmhurst College, Illinois and a Master of Science from the Rochester Institute of Technology. He currently serves as a director in Avery Dennison Corporation, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Mondelez International, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market and Eastern Broadcasting Company. He has served as past director of several companies in the health and beauty, hotel/tourism and animal nutrition and natural resources sectors. He has also served as past director of several trade organisations including the US-Hong Kong Business Council, US China Business Council, US-ASEAN Business Council and board of governors, American Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong. He is a member of the Young Presidents’ Organization, World Presidents’ Organization and Chief Executives Organization. Mr. Siewert is a recipient of several diversity awards and a United Nations IPC Lifetime Achievement Award. Mr. Siewert was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company in September 2006.
Cheung Ching Leung, David, aged 49
Mr. Cheung is an independent non-executive Director and a member of both the audit committee and remuneration committee of the Company. Mr. Cheung is currently a Chief Investment Officer of Degroof Petercam Asset Management (HK) Limited (“Degroof”), a licensed entity with the SFC. Mr. Cheung has over twenty years of fund management experience. Prior to joining Degroof, Mr. Cheung was Chief Investment Officer of OP Investment Management Limited. Mr. Cheung also held senior positions at CITIC Securities International Investment Management (HK) Limited and Aetos Capital Management (Asia) Limited. He was an Investment Director at Prudential Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited and responsible for their Greater China equity investments. Prior to that, Mr. Cheung was a Fund Manager at Chase Asset Management Limited, the fund management arm of Chase Manhattan Bank. Mr. Cheung currently serves as a member of the Investment Committee of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Previously, Mr. Cheung was a member of the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange from 2006 to 2007 and was also a member of the SFC Public Shareholders Group and the SFC Dual Filing Advisory Group. Mr. Cheung obtained a Master’s degree in economics from York University, Canada and a Bachelor’s degree in monetary economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science, UK. Mr. Cheung is a holder of the Chartered Financial Analyst designation awarded by the CFA Institute. Mr. Cheung was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company in October 2011.

 






























Computime Group Ltd (0320.HK)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Computime Group Ltd (0320.HK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				0320.HK on Hong Kong Stock


				1.38HKD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    HK$0.01


					            (+0.73%)
					        






Prev Close

HK$1.37


Open

HK$1.40




Day's High

HK$1.41


Day's Low

HK$1.38




Volume

498,000


Avg. Vol

548,897




52-wk High

HK$1.43


52-wk Low

HK$0.94











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Ho Auyang

85
2010

                                Executive Chairman of the Board




							King Owyang

71
2010

                                Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director




							Hing Lun Au

57
2014

                                Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director




							Kam-yue Au

51
2015

                                Chief Financial Officer




							Wai Leung Ha

57


                                Executive Vice President - Technologies, President - Cincinnati Holdings Limited




							Minh Van Nguyen

56
2011

                                Vice President - Finance, Operational Control




							Pak Tong Ho

53
2014

                                Vice President - Global Human Resources




							Yik Wai Lee

52
2016

                                Vice President – Control Solutions




							Man Sze Leung

60
2010

                                Vice President - Quality




							Hamza Yilmaz

61


                                Vice President - Engineering




							Yuk Tai Soon

50
2007

                                Company Secretary




							Chi Chiu Kam

55
1993

                                Non-Executive Director




							Arvind Patel

76
2005

                                Non-Executive Director




							Chun Kong Wong

56
2008

                                Non-Executive Director




							Ching Leung Cheung

49
2011

                                Independent Non-Executive Director




							Koon Hoo Luk

65
2006

                                Independent Non-Executive Director




							Patrick Siewert

61
2006

                                Independent Non-Executive Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Ho Auyang


					
							Mr. Auyang Ho is Executive Chairman of the Board of Computime Group Ltd. He is an executive Director, Chairman of the board of Directors (the “Board”), chairman of both the executive committee and nomination committee and a member of the remuneration committee of the Company. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Besides, Mr. Auyang is a director and a shareholder of Solar Power Group Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company. He is an elder brother of Dr. Owyang King, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and father-in-law of Mr. Au Hing Lun, Dennis, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He co-founded the Group in 1974. Mr. Auyang graduated from the South China Institute of Technology (now known as the South China University of Technology), where he studied structural engineering. Mr. Auyang has more than 30 years of experience in manufacturing operations, product management and development in the electronics industry. Prior to founding the Group, Mr. Auyang has been an engineer in the Ministry of Railways of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). During the period from April 1965 to January 1973, he worked in the group of The Hong Kong Chiap Hua Manufactory Company, (1947) Limited (now known as “Chiaphua Limited”) (this group is hereinafter referred to as “Chiap Hua Group”). He had served as an Assistant Plant Manager of the extrusion plant for The Hong Kong Chiap Hua Manufactory Company, (1947) Limited from April 1965 to December 1970. From January to September 1970, he acted as a Project Manager for International Containers Limited (a company formed by Chiap Hua Group and another party and has now been dissolved) and was responsible for supervising and co-ordinating the setting-up of a new manufacturing plant and all the facilities. In September 1970, he was formally promoted as the Plant Manager of International Containers Limited and held the position until he left Chiap Hua Group in January 1973.




							King Owyang


					
							Dr. Owyang King is Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director of Computime Group Limited since April 30, 2010. He joined the Group in April 2010. He obtained a degree of Bachelor of Science in Physics and a degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the field of Materials Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, United States in 1968 and 1974, respectively. Dr. Owyang joined General Electric Company as a member of technical staff in 1974 and held various technical and managerial positions, including directing research and development activities for the Semiconductor Division. Dr. Owyang was responsible for developing many enabling semiconductor technologies, including the world’s first 500V Power Integrated Circuit and Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor technologies. Dr. Owyang received the company’s prestigious Outstanding Achievement Award in 1981. In 1988, Dr. Owyang joined Siliconix Incorporated (a NASDAQ listed company) in California as Vice President of Research and Development and directed the work of 70 scientists, engineers and technical staff in the area of electronic devices, circuits, processing technology and packaging development. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in 1992 and assumed additional responsibility for all Silicon Operations where he restructured the engineering resources and Wafer Fab Operations to enhance the technical capability and overall productivity. He turned the company from a technology follower and position-losing firm to a highly profitable company with industry leading products. In 1997, Dr. Owyang was promoted to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Under his leadership and management, the company has firmly established itself as the world leader in power switching and management products and its sales grew to a record level in 2008. Dr. Owyang is a recognised leader in the Power Metaloxide Semiconductor Field-effect Transistor Industry.




							Hing Lun Au


					
							Mr. Au Hing Lun, Dennis is Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director of Computime Group Limited effective 7 May 2014. He joined the Group in May 2014 to head up the newly established Trading Division. He has over 30 years of experience in accounting, finance, consultancy, business development and general management spanning manufacturing, technology and real estate industries. Mr. Au commenced his career at the tax division of Arthur Andersen & Co (1983 to 1988) specialising in Hong Kong, China and US taxation. He joined Andersen Consulting (now known as “Accenture plc”) in North America in 1988, responsible for IT system design and integration projects for governments and multinational companies. In 1994, Mr. Au joined Wing Tai Properties Limited (“Wing Tai” and, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Wing Tai Group”) (formerly known as “USI Holdings Limited”) serving as chief financial officer, and he also served as the company secretary of Wing Tai from 1996 to 2006. Wing Tai is listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). He joined the board of Wing Tai as an executive director in 2004 and became managing director of the Wing Tai Group’s property division in 2006 and has been responsible for the Wing Tai Group’s corporate finance function. Mr. Au resigned as an executive director of Wing Tai and managing director of the Wing Tai Group’s property division with effect from 6 May 2014. He was also an executive director of the Wing Tai Group’s subsidiary, Winsor Properties Holdings Limited (now known as “Vanke Property (Overseas) Limited”, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange) from 2007 to 2012. Mr. Au is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. He has a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Hong Kong and a Bachelor of Science degree from Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.




							Kam-yue Au


					
							Mr. Au Matthew Kam-yuen is Chief Financial Officer of the company. He joined the Company in 2015 as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Au has more than 25 years of leadership experience in global multi-national enterprises. He has held senior management roles with several high growth US-listed companies, including VP Finance at Gilead Sciences and VP Controller at KLA-Tencor and Tesla Motors. Most recently, he was Chief Operating Officer of DiagCor Bioscience Limited in Hong Kong. Mr. Au earned his B.S. in Accounting & Finance from the University of California, Berkeley, USA and an M.B.A. in Finance and Operations Management from the University of Chicago, USA.




							Wai Leung Ha


					
							Mr. Ha Wai Leung is Executive Vice President - Technologies of Computime Group Limited and President - Cincinnati Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of Computime Group Limited. He is a chartered engineer and a member of the Institute of Measurement and Control, The Institution of Engineering and Technology as well as The Institution of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, with over 20 years of working experience in engineering and research and development. Prior to joining the company in October 1998, he worked as senior management in research and development in various electronics companies in Hong Kong and Singapore, including China Aerospace International Holdings Limited. Mr. Ha obtained a Master’s degree in Electronic Systems Design from the City University of Hong Kong, a Master’s Degree in Engineering from The University of Hong Kong, and an Associateship and Higher Diploma in Electrical Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.




							Minh Van Nguyen


					
							Mr. Nguyen Minh Van is Vice President - Finance, Operational Control of Computime Group Ltd. He joined the Company in 2011. He has more than 35 years of experience in the electronics industry, serving in various financial management roles at international companies listed on US stock exchanges. Mr. Nguyen is a fellow of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He graduated from the University of New Orleans, in the US, with a bachelor’s degree in Accounting and a master’s degree in Business Administration in Finance from the University of Santa Clara, US.




							Pak Tong Ho


					
							Mr. Jimmy Ho Pak Tong is Vice President - Global Human Resources of the company Equipped with 25 years of HR experience, Mr. Ho is Vice President of Global Human Resources. He joined the company in 2014, following senior positions as Regional and Global Head of Human Resources at sizable multinational and local companies, including WL Gore & Associates, Novo Nordisk, ASML, Spotless Group and Lee Kum Kee. Responsible for attracting new recruits and fostering leadership among the team, Mr. Ho has cultivated a performance-driven culture that aims to attract and retain talent. He has also spearheaded internship programs with leading engineering institutions such as MIT. Mr. Ho graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and holds a Master of Science in Human Resources Management from the College of Dublin, National University of Ireland.




							Yik Wai Lee


					
							Mr. Lee Yik Wai serves as Vice President – Control Solutions of the Company. Mr. Lee joined the Company in 2016 as Vice President – Control Solutions and is responsible for the overall management of our Business units – APC, CIM, HVA and Business Development. Mr. Lee has over 28 years of experience in the electronics manufacturing and consumer electronics distribution industry serving various senior business management roles with MNC companies. Mr. Lee earned his BSc. in Electrical Engineering from Queen’s University, Canada and MBA from the University of Louisville, USA.




							Man Sze Leung


					
							Mr. Bendick Man Sze Leung is Vice President - Quality of Computime Group Ltd. He is responsible for maintaining, and continuously improving, Computime’s superior manufacturing standards. Before joining the company in 2010, Mr. Leung worked in key roles in various business units at Philips for 20 years. He earned an MBA from the Open University of Hong Kong and a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Calgary in Alberta, Canada.




							Hamza Yilmaz


					
							Dr. Hamza Yilmaz Ph.D. is Vice President - Engineering of the company. He joined Computime in 2015 as VP of Engineering, overseeing a team of 180 engineers. He is well known in the electrical engineering industry for his expertise in Insulated Gate Bipolar (IGBT) and Power MOS Device technology in Power Semiconductor Industry. As a senior member of IEEE, Dr. Yilmaz has published over 30 articles. He currently holds 182 patents, with more pending. He has more than 30 years of R&D and technical management experience having held senior executive positions with US-listed companies including Siliconix Inc (now Vishay), Fairchild Semiconductor, Volterra Semiconductor (Now Part of Maxim Integrated Products) and Alpha & Omega Semiconductor. Dr. Yilmaz earned his Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Texas and a PhD in Solid State Electronics from the University of Michigan.




							Yuk Tai Soon


					
							Ms. Soon Yuk Tai is Company Secretary of Computime Group Limited. She was appointed as the Secretary of the Company in April 2007. She is a director of the Corporate Services Division of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider specialising in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Soon is a Chartered Secretary and Fellow of both the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United Kingdom and the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (“HKICS”). She is also a holder of the Practitioner's Endorsement from HKICS. Apart from the Company, Ms. Soon has been providing professional secretarial services to many listed companies.




							Chi Chiu Kam


					
							Mr. Kam Chi Chiu, Anthony is Non-Executive Director of Computime Group Limited. He is a non-executive Director and a member of the audit committee of the Company. Mr. Kam is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. He holds a Master’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. He qualified as a chartered accountant in London and currently practices as a certified public accountant in Hong Kong. Mr. Kam was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Group in November 1993.




							Arvind Patel


					
							Mr. Arvind Amratlal Patel is Non-Executive Director of Computime Group Limited. He is a member of the audit committee of the Company. He was appointed as a nonexecutive Director of the Group in November 2005. Mr. Patel has retired with 40 years of experience with several U.S.– based public and private manufacturing companies. After earning his Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda in India, Mr. Patel immigrated to United States to pursue further studies. He began his professional career with Culligan International in 1966. After working with certain smaller companies, he returned to a management position at Culligan International in 1971 while simultaneously earning his Master’s degree in Business Administration from Loyola University Chicago. He then joined Intermatic Incorporated, an international manufacturer of electrical and electronic products. During his 20 years at Intermatic Incorporated, Mr. Patel held several executive positions, including president and chief operating officer, until his retirement in 2005. In addition to the management positions, Mr. Patel was elected to the boards of Intermatic Incorporated and Intermatic – A.T.C., a manufacturing joint venture in China, from July 2000 until his retirement in December 2005. Since his retirement from full time business activities, Mr. Patel became a partner and a member of the board of directors of TADD LLC, a privately held company engaged in design, manufacture and distribution of LED retro-fit lighting products in the U.S.A. In January 2011, Mr. Patel was elected to the board of directors of Rogan Corporation, a privately held company engaged in design, manufacture and distribution of sophisticated injection molded plastic components for industrial and consumer applications. He resigned from this position in April 2012.




							Chun Kong Wong


					
							Mr. Wong Chun Kong is Non-Executive Director of Computime Group Limited since February 2008. He is a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong and a Partner of Philip K H Wong, Kennedy Y H Wong & Co., Solicitors & Notaries. Mr. Wong was educated in both Hong Kong and England. He has substantial experience in civil litigation and deals mainly in commercial, personal injuries, banking and administrative law litigation, corporate acquisition, cross-border joint ventures etc.. He had served as a Deputy Adjudicator of the Small Claims Tribunal in 1998 and as an Adjudicator of the Registration of Persons Tribunal of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region during period from March 2005 to February 2011. He was also a panel member of the Municipal Services Appeals Board of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region during period from January 2009 to December 2014. He is now a Deputy Chief Adjudicator of the Registration of Persons Tribunal of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Wong has been a non-executive Director of the Company since February 2008.




							Ching Leung Cheung


					
							Mr. Cheung Ching Leung, David is Independent Non-Executive Director of Computime Group Limited since October 28, 2011. He is a member of both the audit committee and remuneration committee of the Company. Mr. Cheung is currently a Chief Investment Officer of OP Investment Management Limited (“OP Management”), a licensed entity with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”). OP Management is held by OP Financial Investments Limited, which is listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1140). Mr. Cheung has over seventeen years of fund management experience. Prior to joining OP Management, Mr. Cheung held senior positions at CITIC Securities International Investment Management (HK) Limited and Aetos Capital Management (Asia) Limited. He was an Investment Director at Prudential Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited and responsible for their Greater China equity investments. Prior to that, Mr. Cheung was a Fund Manager at Chase Asset Management Limited, the fund management arm of Chase Manhattan Bank. Mr. Cheung currently serves as a member of the Investment Committee of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Previously, Mr. Cheung was a member of the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange from 2006 to 2007 and was also a member of the SFC Public Shareholders Group and the SFC Dual Filing Advisory Group. Mr. Cheung obtained a Master’s degree in economics from York University, Canada and a Bachelor’s degree in monetary economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science, UK. Mr. Cheung is a holder of the Chartered Financial Analyst designation awarded by the CFA Institute.




							Koon Hoo Luk


					
							Mr. Luk Koon Hoo, BBS, JP, is Independent Non-Executive Director of Computime Group Limited since January 2006. He is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of both the remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company. He is a retired banker, and has 30 years of comprehensive experience in accounting and financial management. He began at Hang Seng Bank in 1975 as a trainee officer. He was appointed as personal assistant to the deputy general manager and held that office from 1987 to 1989. Mr. Luk served as the head of financial control in 1989, as director and deputy chief executive in 1994 and as managing director and deputy chief executive from 1996 to his retirement in May 2005. Regarding Mr. Luk’s other directorships, he is an independent non-executive director of China Properties Group Limited, Hung Hing Printing Group Limited and i-Cable Communications Limited (companies listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange) and is an independent non-executive director of AXA General Insurance Hong Kong Limited and Octopus Cards Limited. Mr. Luk also serves as a council member and the treasurer of The Chinese University of Hong Kong and a non-executive director of Urban Renewal Authority. Mr. Luk also served in the past on the Court and Council of Hong Kong Baptist University, the Advisory Committee on New Broadbased Taxes, the Personal Data (Privacy) Advisory Committee, the Central Policy Unit of the Hong Kong Government, the Statistics Advisory Board, the Broadcasting Authority, the Board of Trustees of the Sir Edward Youde Memorial Fund and the Advisory Committee, the Investor Education Advisory Committee of the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”), Barristers Disciplinary Tribunal Panel, the Operations Review Committee of ICAC and Town Planning Board. He was an appointed member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council from 1992 to 1995, and also a member of the first Election Committee of the Legislative Council.




							Patrick Siewert


					
							Mr. Patrick Thomas Siewert is Independent Non-Executive Director of Computime Group Limited since September 2006. He is the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of both the audit committee and nomination committee of the Company. He is a Managing Director and Partner of The Carlyle Group, advising on investments in consumer and retail businesses across Asia since April 2007. Previous to joining The Carlyle Group he held various positions in Asia with The Coca-Cola Company including group president and president and chief operating officer and corporate executive committee member during the period from 2001 to 2007. He was responsible for some of the highest growth businesses in The Coca-Cola Company and some of its most innovative and successful product launches. Mr. Siewert’s early career experiences were with the Eastman Kodak Company, where he had worked since 1974, holding positions in sales management, marketing, finance, brand management, business planning and general management in various countries/regions around the world, including the Americas, Europe and Asia. He served as chairman, Greater China Region, chief operating officer of Kodak’s global consumer business and president, Kodak Professional, its global commercial business. He was a senior vice-president of Eastman Kodak Company. Mr. Siewert attended the Rochester Institute of Technology in Imaging Science, Business and Service Management and received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration/Finance from Elmhurst College, Illinois and a Master of Science from the Rochester Institute of Technology. He currently serves as a director in Avery Dennison Corporation, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Mondel z International, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market and Eastern Broadcasting Company. He has served as past director of several companies in the health and beauty, hotel/tourism and animal nutrition and natural resources sectors.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Ho Auyang

2,227,000




							King Owyang

7,704,000




							Hing Lun Au

6,205,000




							Kam-yue Au

--




							Wai Leung Ha

--




							Minh Van Nguyen

--




							Pak Tong Ho

--




							Yik Wai Lee

--




							Man Sze Leung

--




							Hamza Yilmaz

--




							Yuk Tai Soon

--




							Chi Chiu Kam

--




							Arvind Patel

--




							Chun Kong Wong

--




							Ching Leung Cheung

--




							Koon Hoo Luk

--




							Patrick Siewert

--



As Of 
30 Mar 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Ho Auyang

0
0




							King Owyang

0
0




							Hing Lun Au

0
0




							Kam-yue Au

0
0




							Wai Leung Ha

0
0




							Minh Van Nguyen

0
0




							Pak Tong Ho

0
0




							Yik Wai Lee

0
0




							Man Sze Leung

0
0




							Hamza Yilmaz

0
0




							Yuk Tai Soon

0
0




							Chi Chiu Kam

0
0




							Arvind Patel

0
0




							Chun Kong Wong

0
0




							Ching Leung Cheung

0
0




							Koon Hoo Luk

0
0




							Patrick Siewert

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment




















