










Pace Holdings files for a $460 million IPO - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Pace Holdings files for a $460 million IPO


August 13, 2015, 06:31:46 PM EDT
By Renaissance Capital, Renaissance Capital









































Shutterstock photo



Pace Holdings, a TPG-backed blank check company led by the
co-founder of Hotwire.com, filed and set terms for an upcoming
IPO on Thursday.



The Fort Worth, TX-based company plans to raise $400 million by
offering 40 million units for $10 each. At that price, the SPAC
would command a market value of $500 million. It may raise an
additional $60 million in the over-allotment.



The company is led by Karl Peterson, a Senior Partner at TPG
Capital. Prior to TPG, he was the co-founder, President and CEO of
Hotwire.com until its 2003 sale to IAC/InterActiveCorp (Nasdaq:
IACI).



The company, which was founded in 2015, plans to list on the Nasdaq
under the symbol PACEU. Deutsche Bank and Citi are the joint
bookrunners on the deal. No pricing terms were disclosed.



The article
Pace Holdings files for a $460 million IPO

originally appeared on IPO investment manager Renaissance Capital's
web site renaissancecapital.com.


Investment Disclosure:

The information and opinions expressed herein were prepared by
Renaissance Capital's research analysts and do not constitute an
offer to buy or sell any security. Renaissance Capital, the
Renaissance IPO ETF (symbol: IPO)

or the
Global IPO Fund (symbol: IPOSX)

, may have investments in securities of companies mentioned.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
News Headlines                           
                            
                                , IPOs
















More from Renaissance Capital



Subscribe




Upcoming IPOs














Related IPOs Articles




Subscribe







Redfin prices IPO at $15, above the range


						7/27/2017 08:31 PM
					



Telecom-focused SPAC Pensare Acquisition prices upsized $270 million IPO at $10


						7/27/2017 04:46 PM
					



Sienna Biopharmaceuticals prices IPO at $15 midpoint


						7/26/2017 08:49 PM
					














Contributor:Renaissance Capital
IPOs



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































PACEU Stock Quote - Pace Holdings Corp. Unit
























































What We Offer

Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs



Why Motif


Who We Are

About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers



Resources

Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ









Log In
Open Account



Log In
Open Account














PACEU


                    Pace Holdings Corp. Unit - PACEU (NASDAQ-CM) 


                        --                                            

-- (--) 


	                	                Quotes delayed 15 mins. Currently July 28, 2017 12:29:17 AM   
                


Sign Up To Buy This Stock
By signing up, you can buy this stock for just $4.95 or purchase it within a Motif






Key Financials

Day Range:--
52 Week Range:--
Open:--
Shares:1.00
Market Cap:--
EPS:--
P/E Ratio:--
Div Yield:-- 


                    Performance
                


Previous close


No Chart Available







News About PACEU

Wells Fargo sues insurance unit bidder over executives poaching
Reuters (Thu, Jul 27)


De Beers diamond unit says open to doing deals
Reuters (Thu, Jul 27)


Dreamliner Balance To Improve Further
Seeking Alpha (Thu, Jul 27)


Secret Amazon unit eyes cloud healthcare opportunities
Seeking Alpha (Thu, Jul 27)


New Vehicle Retail Sales Pace to Decline for Fourth Consecutive Month
PR Newswire (Thu, Jul 27)


WeWork launches China unit with $500 million funding from Hony, SoftBank
Reuters (Thu, Jul 27)


Facebook Q2: Why Is The Stock So Cheap?
Seeking Alpha (Thu, Jul 27)


Nikkei: Toshiba "probably" sticking with consortium for chip unit
Seeking Alpha (Wed, Jul 26)


MercadoLibre: The Next Amazon Of Latin America
Seeking Alpha (Tue, Jul 25)


Daimler continues along successful path with record unit sales and revenue
PR Newswire (Tue, Jul 25)






Related Companies
No Related Companies available.























1-855-586-6843call
9am-6pm ET, Monday - Friday
service@motifinvesting.com
P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741





What We Offer
Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs





Why Motif





Who We Are
About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers




Resources
Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ
Pricing




Other Sites
Motif Advisor
Motif Capital







Motif Capital Management, Inc., is an SEC-registered investment adviser and a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of Motif Investing, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member SIPC.
Member: FINRA | SIPC

Terms of Use
Business Continuity
Business Rule 606
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

© 2017 Motif Investing, Inc. All rights reserved. Build ID production.281




The Exchange Traded Funds prospectus contains its investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses and other important information you should read and consider carefully prior to making an investment decision.
        Please review the current prospectus, available from the Prospectus link on www.motifinvesting.com, by phone at 1-855-586-6843, or in writing at Motif Investing, Inc., P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA  95741.
ETFs have unique features that you should be aware of, which can include distribution of any gains, risks related to securities within the portfolio, and tax consequences. The data quoted herein represents past performance and is not indicative of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that your investment, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original value. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data provided.  Please review the prospectus or other research tools provided on this site for more recent information. Contact Motif Investing at 1-855-586-6843 to obtain the most recent month-end performance data.
The 30-Day SEC Yield reflects the dividends and interest earned during the past 30 days after the deduction of the ETF’s expenses.  The 30-day SEC Yield is an annual percentage rate based on the ETF's share price and is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share for the 30 days ended on the date of calculation by that day’s maximum share price.  The Distribution Yield is the trailing 12-Month End Yield derived by adding the trailing 12-month's income distributions and dividing the total by the last month's ending share price. Income refers to interest payments from fixed-income ETFs and dividend payments from stock-based ETFs.
The ETF prospectus is provided by DFS (http://www.rrdonnelley.com/financial-services/). The use of this prospectus is restricted solely to the website of Motif Investing and may not be redistributed, copied or otherwise made available without the express written consent of DFS. Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online and the information providers herein make no claims concerning the validity of the information provided hereby and will not be held liable for any use of this information. The information provided herein may be displayed and printed for your internal use only and may not reproduced, retransmitted, distributed, disseminated, sold, published, broadcast or circulated to anyone without the express written consent of Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online.


Fixed income investments are subject to various unique risks, including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption,
    corporate events, tax ramifications, and other factors. Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates.


The 1-Year Return/Return Since Inception indicates the performance of this particular motif over the last 12 months or, if the motif was created within the past 12 months, since the date the motif was created. See how we calculate returns.


The Motif Index level represents the performance of a benchmark motif (a motif in our catalog) over time. It is set at 
1000 on the date of inception of the motif. For example, a Motif Index of 1100 represents a 10% return since inception. Similarly, the change in the Index over a 
specified period represents the period return on the portfolio holding the same share weights as the benchmark motif.
The Motif Index is a measure created and maintained by the firm, which has the discretion to change the holdings that comprise the index and to make alterations to a particular Motif Index.


Popularity shows you how much interest a motif is attracting, compared to other motifs. We base this score on a proprietary formula that uses factors like how many people are viewing the motif, and how much conversation about it is happening in the community, in a range from Low-to-High.
The Volatility measurement for a Motif represents the annualized standard deviation of daily returns on a portfolio holding the same share weights as the Motif, and is measured in a range from Low to High. Since the standard deviation of returns are commonly used as a measure of portfolio risk, a Volatility measurement that is High is indicative of the fact that holding the motif in the past subjected the holder to larger fluctuations or higher risk.
The Valuation metric represents the present valuation of the stocks in the motif relative to the broader equity market. The Valuation metric is calculated as the composite Price-to-Earnings ratio for the stocks in the motif weighted by their respective share weights in a range from Low to High.


Standard pricing: $9.95 total commission per motif transaction. Other fees may apply. For details on fees and commissions, please   
    click here.

        Performance returns indicate the performance of a particular security over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    

        Performance returns, including 1-month Return/Return Since Inception/1-year returns indicates the performance of this particular motif over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    
System response time and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.
Time shown in Eastern Time unless otherwise specified.


The data contained herein from third party providers is obtained from what are considered reliable sources. However, it's accuracy, completeness, or reliability cannot be guaranteed. 


Investing in securities involves risks, you should be aware of prior to making an investment decision, including the possible loss of principal. An investment in individual stocks, or a collection of stocks
    focused on a particular theme or idea, such as a motif, may be subject to increased risk of price fluctuation over more diversified holdings due to adverse developments which can affect a particular industry or sector.
    Investments in ETFs can include those with a narrow or targeted investment strategy and can be subject to similar sector risks than more broadly diversified investments.
    Motif makes no representation regarding the suitability of a particular investment or investment strategy.  You are responsible for all investment decisions you make including understanding the risks involved with your
    investment strategy.   


Please refer to your personal Motif Social Network privacy settings to verify they are current according to your personal requirements. You are responsible
     for establishing your privacy settings according to your unique needs and ensuring they remain current, accurate, and based on your individual and self-directed
     instructions. You should refer to the Terms of Use for further information regarding your authorized use of the Motif Social Network, available on the Support
     page.
Any opinions, comments and recommendations in the Motif Investing Network ("Network") are generated by its members and do not represent the opinions, 
    comments or recommendations of Motif or any of its Associates. The content is intended for educational and informational purposes only and it should 
    not be construed as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by Motif. Motif is not
    responsible for and does not guarantee the accuracy, currency, completeness or usefulness of information, commentary, recommendations, advice, investment
    ideas or other materials generated within Motif's Network by customers and users participating with Social Groups. The content within the Motif Network is
    not personalized or tailored in any way to a user or customer's financial circumstances, investment objectives, risk tolerance or time horizon and the
    securities and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for participants. Any performance data displayed has not been verified and is not an
    indication of future results. All investments are subject to risk. Content presented in the Motif Network is subject to edit or removal without notice.


While certain companies may have consistently paid dividends in the past, there can be no assurance or guarantee that they will be able to continue paying dividends in the future.


International investments involve additional risks you should be aware of, which include differences in financial accounting standards,
    currency fluctuations, political instability, foreign taxes and regulations, news that can trigger volatile conditions, and the potential 
    for illiquid markets. Small cap companies in these markets may react with greater volatility in reaction to activities in those markets.

























Pace Holding - Power & Control Engineering Holding

























info@paceholdingsa.com
(+966) 9200103020 Ext. 102



عربي


 





























Home


About Us


Services


Power System


OPGW


HV Substations


Power Distribution


Power Plants


Electromechanical


Mechanical Works


Fuel Loading Stations


Intrumentations


IT & Telecommunication


Lighting Systems


Civil Works


Security and Safety Systems




Resources


Manpower


Tools & Plant




Projects


Clients


Career


Contact Us

 





About Company





Home
								 - 
								About Company











PACE is an Integrated Engineering Company








Pace Holding

“ Power And Control Engineering Holding ”

	We provide integrated services and equipment in the field of electrical, mechanical, communication and civil works for the power, industrial sector and commercial buildings...

	PACE is an Integrated Engineering Company

State-of-the-art Products, Solutions, Integration and Services covering all the major branches of engineering and technology from one platform.













Copyright © 2014 Pace Holding  | Powered by : 
						Sol818




/
Home

/
Projects

/
Clients

/
Contact

/
Legal Notice





 































PACE HOLDINGS CORP. (PACEU) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





PACE HOLDINGS CORP. (PACEU) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
PACE HOLDINGS CORP.


Company Address
301 COMMERCE STREETFORT WORTH, TX 76102


Company Phone
817-871-4651


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Karl Peterson


Employees  (as of 9/11/2015) 
3


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (9/11/2015)


Proposed Symbol
PACEU


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$10.00


Shares Offered
40,000,000


Offer Amount
$400,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$900,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
50,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
3/9/2016


Quiet Period Expiration
10/21/2015


CIK
0001644509




We are offering 40,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We
estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will
receive from the sale of the private placement warrants will be used as set
forth in the following table.

                                                       Without             Over-Allotment  
                                                    Over-Allotment             Option      
                                                        Option               Exercised       
Gross proceeds                                                                             
Gross proceeds from units offered to public(1)     $    400,000,000       $    460,000,000   
Gross proceeds from private placement warrants                                             
offered in the private placement                         10,000,000             11,200,000   
                                                                                             
Total gross proceeds                               $    410,000,000       $    471,200,000   
Offering expenses(2)                                                                       
Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross                                                    
proceeds from units offered to public,                                                     
excluding deferred portion)(3)                     $      8,000,000       $      9,200,000   
Legal fees and expenses                                     475,000                475,000   
Accounting fees and expenses                                100,000                100,000   
SEC Expenses                                                 53,452                 53,452   
FINRA Expenses                                               69,500                 69,500   
Travel and road show                                         20,000                 20,000   
Directors and officers insurance                            100,000                100,000   
NASDAQ listing and filing fees                               75,000                 75,000   
Miscellaneous expenses                                        7,048                  7,048   
Total offering expenses (other than                                                        
underwriting commissions)                          $        900,000       $        900,000   
Proceeds after offering expenses                   $    401,100,000       $    461,100,000   
                                                                                             
Held in trust account(3)                           $    400,000,000       $    460,000,000   
% of public offering size                                       100 %                  100 %
Not held in trust account(2)                       $      1,100,000       $      1,100,000   

The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,100,000 of net
proceeds not held in the trust account(4).

                                                                                  % of
                                                                  Amount         Total 
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses                            
in connection with any business combination(5)                  $   450,000        40.9 %
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting                               
obligations                                                         150,000        13.6 %
Payment for office space, administrative and support                                    
services                                                            240,000        21.8 %
Reserve for liquidation expenses                                     50,000         4.5 %
NASDAQ continued listing fees                                        75,000         6.8 %
Other miscellaneous expenses (including franchise taxes net                             
of anticipated interest income)                                     135,000        12.3 %
                                                                                         
Total                                                           $ 1,100,000         100 %

(1) Includes amounts payable to public shareholders who properly redeem their    
    shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business  
    combination.

(2) A portion of the offering expenses have been paid from the proceeds of loans 
    from our sponsor of $300,000 as described in this prospectus. These loans    
    will be repaid upon completion of this offering out of the $2,000,000 of     
    offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering        
    expenses (other than underwriting commissions) and amounts not to be held in 
    the trust account. In the event that offering expenses are less than as set  
    forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working  
    capital expenses. In the event that the offering expenses are more than as   
    set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held in the  
    trust account.                                                               

(3) The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 3.5% 
    of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon completion of our initial       
    business combination, up to $14,000,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ 
    deferred commissions (or up to $16,100,000 if the underwriters’              
    over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters 
    from the funds held in the trust account, and the remaining funds will be    
    released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price 
    of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination    
    occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or  
    interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business    
    combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working 
    capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on 
    the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions.

(4) These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all 
    of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example,
    we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current 
    estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring a business 
    combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination.
    In the event we identify an acquisition target in a specific industry 
    subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated
    with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In 
    addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a 
    number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We 
    do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than 
    fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which       
    fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific   
    category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in 
    the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust     
    account. Based on current interest rates, we would expect approximately      
    $80,000 to be available to us from interest earned on the funds held in the  
    trust account over 12 months following the investment of such funds in       
    specified U.S. Government Treasury bills beginning in January 2016; however, 
    we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. This estimate assumes an 
    interest rate of 0.02% per annum based upon current yields of securities in  
    which the trust account may be invested. In addition, in order to finance    
    transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business            
    combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our    
    officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may 
    be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay    
    such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. 
    Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the     
    trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not   
    close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust    
    account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account  
    would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans   
    may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at
    a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would 
    be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. The 
    terms of such loans by our sponsor, affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of
    our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written
    agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans  
    from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do  
    not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a   
    waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust       
    account.                                                                     

(5) Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our      
    business combination to fund a ‘no shop” provision and commitment fees for   
    financing.                                                                   

The rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market provide that at least 90% of the gross
proceeds from this offering and the private placement be deposited in a trust
account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants, approximately $400,000,000 (or approximately $460,000,000 if
the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), including up to
$14,000,000 (or up to $16,100,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is
exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions, will, upon the
consummation of this offering, be placed in a non-interest bearing U.S.-based
trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company acting as trustee. Beginning in January 2016, the funds in the
trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a
maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations. Based on current interest rates, we
estimate that the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately
$80,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.02% per year, following the
investment of such funds in specified U.S. government treasury bills or in
specified money market funds beginning in January 2016. We will not be permitted
to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the trust account except
for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, if any, the proceeds from this
offering will not be released from the trust account until the earliest
of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify
the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares 
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of this offering and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if
we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the 
closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. Based on current interest 
rates, we do not expect that interest earned on the trust account will be 
sufficient to pay taxes.

The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay
the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our business
combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or
debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are
used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business
combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust
account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or
interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs
and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the
fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in
connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due
diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective
acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or
other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination.
However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and
negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability
and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek
additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or
additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their
affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to,
or invest in, us.

We will enter into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we
will pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees.

Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has loaned us $300,000 to be
used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are
non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2015
or the closing of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of
this offering out of the $2,000,000 of offering proceeds not held in the trust
account.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an
intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to,
loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust
account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds
held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our
trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination
entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. The
terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been 
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds 
and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our 
trust account.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do
not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates may also purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either
prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such
transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such
purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M
under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if
any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the
Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any
such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
comply with such rules.

We may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be
less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock”
rules) and the agreement for our business combination may require as a closing
condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too
many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot
satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash
requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or
the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business
combination.

A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account
only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and (iii) the
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to
applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any
right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.

Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our
initial business combination. In addition, our initial shareholders, officers
and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to
complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if
our sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires public
shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame.


In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business
combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a
business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies,
private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and
have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to
acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the
acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in
connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may
reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and
our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these
factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
an initial business combination.


Company Description
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on June 3, 2015 as a
Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we


 refer to 
throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. Upon 
consummation of this offering, our units are expected to be listed on Nasdaq. We
have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has 
anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or 
indirectly, with respect to identifying any business combination target.

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity that does not fit with TPG’s
mandate in any business industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the
ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business that
is not operating at its full potential and could benefit from a hands-on lead
shareholder who can identify and implement improvements. Even good companies can
often under-perform their potential due to underinvestment, inefficient capital
allocation, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures,
incomplete management teams and/or inappropriate business strategies. Our
management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing such full
potential acquisitions in both North America and Europe and has done so
successfully in a number of sectors, including travel, technology, media and
business services. In addition, our management has significant hands-on
experience working with private companies to prepare them to successfully
execute an initial public offering and serving as active owners/directors by
working closely with these companies to continue their transformations and help
create value in the public markets.
---

We are a Cayman Islands exempted corporation. We were incorporated as Paceline
Holdings Corp. on June 3, 2015 and changed our name to Pace Holdings Corp. on
August 7, 2015. Our executive offices are located at 301 Commerce St., Suite
3300 Fort Worth, Texas 76102 and our telephone number is (512) 533-6642.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$54,500


Total Assets
$443,035






Total Liabilities
$472,535


Stockholders' Equity
-$29,500


View all Company Financials for PACEU


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



PACE HOLDINGS CORP.
424B4
9/11/2015
Filing



PACE HOLDINGS CORP.
S-1/A
9/8/2015
Filing



PACE HOLDINGS CORP.
S-1/A
9/3/2015
Filing



PACE HOLDINGS CORP.
S-1
8/13/2015
Filing



View all SEC Filings for PACEU




Experts


Auditor
KPMG LLP


Company Counsel
Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP


Company Counsel
Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP and  Maples and Calder


Lead Underwriter
Citigroup Global Markets Inc


Lead Underwriter
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.


Transfer Agent
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company


Underwriter
I-Bankers Securities, Inc


Underwriter Counsel
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP









News for PACEU









                        Playa Hotels & Resorts announces $1.75 billion merger with TPG-backed SPAC Pace Holdings
                    

12/13/2016 5:09:44 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        TPG blank check company Pace Holdings prices $400 million IPO at $10 per unit
                    

9/11/2015 8:49:12 AM - Renaissance Capital




 Subscribe


                More PACEU News & Commentary



                Read PACEU Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            China Eastern buying 10 pct Air France KLM stake as part of airline JVs' rejig
                        



	                    11:54PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar dips after bounce, U.S. GDP awaited for potential support
                        



	                    11:26PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Former Barclays CEO close to deal to buy Hartford unit -sources
                        



	                     9:51PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Sound Financial Bancorp, Inc. Reports 2nd Quarter Net Income of $1.3 million or $0.50 per share
                        



	                     9:37PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































 



Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Shareholder Approval of Business Combination with Playa Hotels & Resorts | Business Wire


























































Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Shareholder Approval of Business 
      Combination with Playa Hotels & Resorts






Transaction provides significant capital and complementary 
      capabilities to further enable Playa’s growth










Download



Small


Preview


Thumbnail











???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???













Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail














March 01, 2017 09:15 AM Eastern Standard Time



FAIRFAX, Va. & FORT WORTH, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pace Holdings Corp. (“Pace”) (NASDAQ:PACE), a special-purpose 
      acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of TPG, today announced 
      that shareholders of Pace have approved the previously announced 
      business combination (the "Business Combination") of Pace and Playa 
      Hotels & Resorts (“Playa”), a leading owner, operator, and developer of 
      premier all-inclusive resorts, with over 99% of the voted shares voting 
      in favor of the Business Combination. The transaction will result in an 
      anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $1.75 billion for 
      the combined company. Pace's board of directors had previously approved 
      the Business Combination and recommended that its shareholders vote in 
      favor of the proposal.
    


      As previously announced, on December 13, 2016, Pace entered into a 
      definitive business combination agreement to provide Playa additional 
      capital and access to the public equity markets to further enable its 
      growth. The transaction will deliver cash proceeds well in excess of the 
      required minimum cash amount and is anticipated to close on March 10, 
      2017 or shortly thereafter. Following closing, the common shares will 
      trade on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol PLYA.
    

      "This very successful transaction will be a transformational event for 
      Playa, allowing us to have a greatly improved balance sheet and 
      available capital to accelerate our ability to execute highly accretive 
      investments," said Bruce Wardinski, Chairman and CEO of Playa. "We will 
      now continue in our strategy to add more all-inclusive resorts under the 
      Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Zilara, and Panama Jack brands and to further solidify 
      our leading position in the all-inclusive resorts sector. Being the only 
      publicly traded all-inclusive company gives Playa a unique opportunity 
      to be a consolidator in the segment and drive exceptional growth. I am 
      extremely excited to enter this next chapter for Playa and deliver 
      superior returns to our new public shareholders."
    

      “Playa is a great company with tremendous growth potential and a strong 
      pipeline of attractive investment opportunities,” said Karl Peterson, 
      TPG Partner and President and CEO of Pace. “Backed by the support of our 
      shareholders, Playa’s transition to a publicly capitalized company will 
      significantly accelerate its innovation and growth. We are eager to work 
      with Bruce and the team to take the company to the next level.”
    

      At closing, Mr. Peterson will join the Playa Board of Directors, along 
      with Tom Klein whose appointment was announced on December 20, 2016, 
      and TPG’s Paul Hackwell. Mr. Klein is a veteran of the travel and 
      leisure sector and was most recently President, CEO and a member of the 
      Board of Directors of Sabre Corporation. Mr. Hackwell leads TPG’s 
      Travel & Leisure group and also helps lead the firm’s investment 
      activities in the Retail group. He is on the board of Arden Group, AV 
      Homes, Life Time Fitness, and Viking Cruises.
    

      Playa will host a conference call to discuss Playa’s 2016 results on 
      March 15, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET.
    

Additional Information and Where to Find It


      Pace has caused Porto Holdco B.V. (“Holdco”) to file with the SEC a 
      registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), 
      which the SEC declared effective on February 10, 2017, including a 
      prospectus with respect to Holdco’s securities to be issued in 
      connection with the Business Combination between Pace and Playa and a 
      proxy statement of Pace in connection with the Business Combination. 
      Pace has mailed to its shareholders the definitive proxy 
      statement/prospectus with respect to Holdco’s securities to be issued in 
      connection with the Business Combination. PACE’S SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED 
      AND ADVISED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT CAREFULLY. The 
      Registration Statement and other relevant materials and any other 
      documents filed by Pace, Holdco or Playa with the SEC may be obtained 
      free of charge at the SEC’s website, at www.sec.gov. In 
      addition, shareholders may obtain free copies of the Registration 
      Statement by directing a request to: Pace Holdings Corp., 301 Commerce 
      Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, email: Pace@tpg.com.
    

Forward Looking Statements


      This Current Report includes “forward looking statements” within the 
      meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may 
      be identified by the use of words such as "forecast," "intend," "seek," 
      "target," “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “plan,” 
      “outlook,” and “project” and other similar expressions that predict or 
      indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of 
      historical matters. Such forward looking statements include projected 
      financial information. Such forward looking statements with respect to 
      revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects 
      of the businesses of Pace, Playa or the combined company after 
      completion of any proposed Business Combination are based on current 
      expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of 
      factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from 
      those indicated by such forward looking statements. These factors 
      include, but are not limited to: (1) the inability to complete the 
      transactions contemplated by the proposed Business Combination; (2) the 
      inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business 
      Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, 
      and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth 
      profitably; (3) the ability to meet NASDAQ’s listing standards following 
      the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed 
      Business Combination; (4) costs related to the proposed Business 
      Combination; (5) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (6) the 
      possibility that Playa or Pace may be adversely affected by other 
      economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (7) other risks and 
      uncertainties indicated from time to time in the final prospectus of 
      Pace, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and other documents 
      filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by 
      Pace. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any 
      forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Pace 
      and Playa undertake no commitment to update or revise the 
      forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
      future events or otherwise.
    

Disclaimer


      This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an 
      offer to purchase, nor a solicitation of an offer to sell, subscribe for 
      or buy any securities or the solicitation of any vote in any 
      jurisdiction pursuant to the proposed transactions or otherwise, nor 
      shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer or securities in any 
      jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities 
      shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements 
      of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable 
      regulations in the Netherlands and Cayman Islands.
    

About Playa Hotels & Resorts


      Playa Hotels & Resorts is a leading owner, operator and developer of 
      all-inclusive resorts in popular vacation destinations in Mexico and the 
      Caribbean. Playa owns a portfolio consisting of 13 resorts (6,142 rooms) 
      located on prime beachfront properties across Mexico, the Dominican 
      Republic, and Jamaica. In 2013, Playa entered into a strategic 
      partnership with Hyatt to create two all-inclusive brands under the 
      Hyatt name, Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara, of which Playa is the sole 
      franchisee. Playa operates six Hyatt resorts across Mexico and Jamaica, 
      one of which sits in the only private cove in Puerto Vallarta. Through 
      its relationship with Playa, Hyatt is the first major U.S. brand to have 
      entered the all-inclusive segment.
    

About Pace Holdings


      Pace was formed with the purpose of acquiring a company that would be 
      better suited to generate strong returns in the public markets while 
      benefiting from the broader operational knowledge, resources and private 
      equity heritage of TPG. This transaction builds on TPG’s efforts to grow 
      its private equity offering by servicing different return profiles and 
      product types. Since the start of 2014, the firm has 
      launched several new products, including Pace, TPG Real Estate Finance 
      Trust (“TRT”), TSL Europe and Arrow Ridge Capital.
    


Contacts

Media:Pace Holdings Corp.Luke Barrett, 
      212-601-4752media@tpg.com














Release Summary
Pace Holdings Corp. today announced that its shareholders have overwhelmingly approved the previously announced business combination of Pace and Playa Hotels & Resorts.






Contacts

Media:Pace Holdings Corp.Luke Barrett, 
      212-601-4752media@tpg.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















TPG-backed blank check company Pace Holdings Corp. raised $400 million with its initial public offering on the Nasdaq - Dallas Business Journal






































































 




























Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List






Awards



Women in Business




Best Places to Work




40 Under 40




Minority Business Leader Awards




Nominate for an Award





 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event




Event Photos






Signature Events



Women in Business




Best Places to Work




40 Under 40




Bizwomen Mentoring Monday





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Dallas




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Dallas




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Dallas




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners







Techflash Newsletter




Energy Inc. Newsletter




 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +












    Please Sign In and use this article's on page print button to print this article.







 











Industry News


                Banking & Financial Services            


TPG-backed Pace Holdings Corp. raises $400 million with its stock debut




Sep 14, 2015, 10:54am CDT
















Korri Kezar


Staff Writer
Dallas Business Journal









Korri Kezar


 


 







                    Share
                


























 Order Reprints


 Save Article




 Print





 










 



 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Twitter




 Save Article





More 






 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Twitter




 Save Article

















 














Korri Kezar


Staff Writer
Dallas Business Journal





In This Article






Banking & Financial Services




Mergers and Acquisitions




Karl Peterson






 


 











 Enlarge





                Pace Holdings was founded by Karl Peterson, a senior partner with investment firm TPG.            

                Thinkstock            






Fort Worth blank check company Pace Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: PACEU) raised $400 million in its initial public offering, which hit the market on Friday.
Pace priced 40 million shares at $10 for the offering and over allotted another 6 million shares. Each share consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant. The company is trading warrants under the symbol PACEW during its first month of trading, and three warrants may be exercised for one Class A Ordinary Share at $11.50 per share, a news release stated.







 Enlarge





                Pace Holdings was founded by Karl Peterson, a senior partner with investment firm TPG.            
Thinkstock






 


After its first month of trading, Pace will trade on the Nasdaq under the symbol PACE. Its $400 million in IPO proceeds will be placed in a trust fund, as required of blank check companies by Nasdaq Capital Markets.
As of 10 a.m. on Monday, Pace's last trade was made at $10.11 per share.
Pace was founded in June with capital from TPG by Karl Peterson, a senior partner with the investment firm TPG. It changed its name from Paceline to Pace on Aug. 7. Peterson is also the co-founder and former president and CEO of Hotwire.com, which got its start thanks to financial backing from TPG.
After the IPO, TPG retains a 20 percent stake in Pace.
As a blank check company, Pace will use the proceeds from its stock offering to bankroll a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other business purchase of a company with growth potential. It must make a deal within the first 18 months of receiving funding or return the money to investors.




 


In a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Pace said it may consider more than one transaction, but has not yet identified or discussed any possible investments.
Deutsche Bank Securities and Citigroup acted as the underwriters of the IPO.



















Largest North Texas Mergers and Acquisitions


Ranked by Transaction Value



 






Rank
Buyer
Buyer City





1

AT&T Inc.
Dallas



2

EnCana Corp.
Calgary



3

Martin Marietta Materials Inc.
Raleigh



View This List




Purchase CSV










 




Related Content






Related Content






                                    Blank check company Pace Holdings Corp. files for $460M IPO                                













                                    Energy Future Holdings chooses Hunt plan to exit bankruptcy                                













                                    It's official: Cushman & Wakefield, DTZ close $2B merger deal                                













                                    TPG-led group buys Cirque du Soleil entertainment company                                













                                    TPG raises $6.5B toward $10B goal in latest fund                                



















 















































 

























































Dallas, TX. Banking & Financial Services News - Dallas Business Journal








































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List






Awards



Women in Business




Best Places to Work




40 Under 40




Minority Business Leader Awards




Nominate for an Award





 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event




Event Photos






Signature Events



Women in Business




Best Places to Work




40 Under 40




Bizwomen Mentoring Monday





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Dallas




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Dallas




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Dallas




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners







Techflash Newsletter




Energy Inc. Newsletter




 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +


















Sponsored By










                                                                                    Banking & Financial Services News                                                                            

































 
                                        Jul 27, 2017, 9:06 am CDT                 


​DFW small business values soar, pushing Boomers to sell

 







                                        Jul 27, 2017, 2:05 am CDT                 


Tips for understanding business lines of credit








                                        Jul 27, 2017, 2:00 am CDT                 


​4 Hs and 4 Rs: How Wells Fargo can regain its reputation








 
                                        Jul 26, 2017, 6:52 am CDT                 


Private equity firm tied to Mayor Rawlings forms oil and gas company

 



 




 















Related Topics



Credit Unions
Financial Planning
Mergers and Acquisitions
Mortgages
Private equity
Property & Casualty Insurance
Venture capital
















News

















                                        Jul 25, 2017, 1:37 pm CDT                 


Dallas investment firm building nation's largest road safety company isn't waiting for federal funding















 
                    Financial Times                    Jul 25, 2017, 12:00 pm CDT                 


Wall St banks' borrowing premium hits lowest since the crisis















 
                                        Jul 21, 2017, 12:42 pm CDT                 


Form D Friday: Commercial real estate firm raises $31 million for industrials















 
                    Financial Times                    Jul 21, 2017, 9:24 am CDT                 


State Street: corporate governance has grown up















                                        Jul 20, 2017, 2:29 pm CDT                 


Activist investor that pushed for change at Whole Foods nets $300M in 3 months from investment















 
                                        Jul 20, 2017, 12:39 pm CDT                 


​Texas Capital CEO concerned about Congress’ tax cut delays















 
                                        Jul 19, 2017, 2:51 pm CDT                 


Align Capital bets on summer’s leading maker of pool filters















 
                                        Jul 19, 2017, 12:01 pm CDT                 


As regulatory clock ticks closer to $10 billion, LegacyTexas may turn to Houston












The Lists






Mar 31, 2017

North Texas Mergers and Acquisitions
Ranked by Transaction Value 


 





Rank
Transaction Value





1

$105.05 billion



2

$33 billion




                View This List








Mar 24, 2017

North Texas Credit Unions
Ranked by Total Assets 


 





Dec 02, 2016

Banks and Saving Institutions
Ranked by Local Deposits as of June 30, 2016 


 




See More Lists 


























 
                                        Jul 18, 2017, 12:44 pm CDT                 


Pearl Energy reaches $600 million in second fund

 













 
                    Financial Times                    Jul 18, 2017, 7:30 am CDT                 


Dollar sinks on failure of healthcare reform

 













 
                                        Jul 18, 2017, 6:38 am CDT                 


Comerica could release billions of liquidity on potential Treasury changes

 













 
                                        Jul 17, 2017, 1:29 pm CDT                 


​Dallas mortgage company Ditech to layoff nearly 500

 













 
                                        Jul 17, 2017, 11:53 am CDT                 


​Behind the Caroline Hunt estate’s potential $100 million private equity bet on nutrition

 













 
                                        Jul 14, 2017, 1:05 pm CDT                 


Form D Friday: Online auto retailer Vroom drives away with $76 million

 



























                                        Jul 14, 2017, 1:03 pm CDT                 


Corporate America is sitting on trillions in cash. Here's who has the most dry powder in North Texas

 













 
                                        Jul 13, 2017, 11:59 am CDT                 


Report: MoneyGram forced to refile merger deal with Ant Financial

 













 
                                        Jul 12, 2017, 2:42 pm CDT                 


​Pharos' mental health firm gets new bank backing despite GOP plans

 













 
                                        Jul 11, 2017, 2:53 pm CDT                 


​Analysts: Oncor deal may signal ‘turning point’ for Warren Buffett’s Berkshire

 













 
                                        Jul 10, 2017, 2:49 pm CDT                 


​One year after Dallas merger, Moss Adams weighs new office

 













 
                    Financial Times                    Jul 10, 2017, 6:48 am CDT                 


Goldman Sachs is the worst-selling fund manager in 2017

 









 
























 
                                        Jul 7, 2017, 3:16 pm CDT                 


Warren Buffett's Berkshire may have eased Texas agency’s concerns ahead of Oncor deal

 













 
                                        Jul 7, 2017, 2:15 pm CDT                 


​Form D Friday: Crow Holdings launches side vehicle for eighth fund

 













                                        Jul 6, 2017, 1:38 pm CDT                 


Warren Buffett on $9 billion Oncor deal: "When we invest in Texas, we invest big!”

 













 
                    Financial Times                    Jul 6, 2017, 8:30 am CDT                 


Fed ready to begin unwinding stimulus 'within months'

 













                                        Jul 5, 2017, 2:46 pm CDT                 


Former exec returns to Wells Fargo to oversee Texas banking

 













 
                                        Jul 5, 2017, 1:05 pm CDT                 


New Dallas wealth adviser firm started with focus on LGBT, women clients

 







Page
1 of 152                



                        Next 

















 


 


  





Pace Holdings Corp (PACE) Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Shareholder Approval of Business Combination with Playa Hotels  Resorts





























Almost there...
Due to regulatory restrictions regarding the distribution
                of financial research, this report is restricted to a specific
                region or investor type. Get access to exclusive reports
                by answering the questions below.
Are you a professional investor?


Professional
Individual


Select your country



-- Please Select
United Kingdom
France
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Yemen
Zambia
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Continue












Create a free ResearchPool account to access full reports, get a personalised dashboard and follow providers or companies


Email*



Password* ( 6 or more characters )




Get financial insights straight to your inbox





 Do you want to use these details for invoicing
						




By clicking "register" you accept the  Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy







Sign-up Now
Already on ResearchPool? Sign in












Email



Password



Sign-in


Forgot your password ?

New to ResearchPool? Sign-up
























PACE
Pace Holdings Corp
 
Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Shareholder Approval of Business Combination with Playa Hotels & Resorts


FAIRFAX, Va. & FORT WORTH, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Pace Holdings Corp. (“Pace”) (NASDAQ:PACE), a special-purpose 
      acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of TPG, today announced 
      that shareholders of Pace have approved the previously announced 
      business combination (the "Business Combination") of Pace and Playa 
      Hotels & Resorts (“Playa”), a leading owner, operator, and developer of 
      premier all-inclusive resorts, with over 99% of the voted shares voting 
      in favor of the Business Combination. The transaction will result in an 
      anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $1.75 billion for 
      the combined company. Pace's board of directors had previously approved 
      the Business Combination and recommended that its shareholders vote in 
      favor of the proposal.
    

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170301005947/en/


      As previously announced, on December 13, 2016, Pace entered into a 
      definitive business combination agreement to provide Playa additional 
      capital and access to the public equity markets to further enable its 
      growth. The transaction will deliver cash proceeds well in excess of the 
      required minimum cash amount and is anticipated to close on March 10, 
      2017 or shortly thereafter. Following closing, the common shares will 
      trade on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol PLYA.
    

      "This very successful transaction will be a transformational event for 
      Playa, allowing us to have a greatly improved balance sheet and 
      available capital to accelerate our ability to execute highly accretive 
      investments," said Bruce Wardinski, Chairman and CEO of Playa. "We will 
      now continue in our strategy to add more all-inclusive resorts under the 
      Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Zilara, and Panama Jack brands and to further solidify 
      our leading position in the all-inclusive resorts sector. Being the only 
      publicly traded all-inclusive company gives Playa a unique opportunity 
      to be a consolidator in the segment and drive exceptional growth. I am 
      extremely excited to enter this next chapter for Playa and deliver 
      superior returns to our new public shareholders."
    

      “Playa is a great company with tremendous growth potential and a strong 
      pipeline of attractive investment opportunities,” said Karl Peterson, 
      TPG Partner and President and CEO of Pace. “Backed by the support of our 
      shareholders, Playa’s transition to a publicly capitalized company will 
      significantly accelerate its innovation and growth. We are eager to work 
      with Bruce and the team to take the company to the next level.”
    

      At closing, Mr. Peterson will join the Playa Board of Directors, along 
      with Tom Klein whose appointment was announced on December 20, 2016, 
      and TPG’s Paul Hackwell. Mr. Klein is a veteran of the travel and 
      leisure sector and was most recently President, CEO and a member of the 
      Board of Directors of Sabre Corporation. Mr. Hackwell leads TPG’s 
      Travel & Leisure group and also helps lead the firm’s investment 
      activities in the Retail group. He is on the board of Arden Group, AV 
      Homes, Life Time Fitness, and Viking Cruises.
    

      Playa will host a conference call to discuss Playa’s 2016 results on 
      March 15, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET.
    

Additional Information and Where to Find It


      Pace has caused Porto Holdco B.V. (“Holdco”) to file with the SEC a 
      registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), 
      which the SEC declared effective on February 10, 2017, including a 
      prospectus with respect to Holdco’s securities to be issued in 
      connection with the Business Combination between Pace and Playa and a 
      proxy statement of Pace in connection with the Business Combination. 
      Pace has mailed to its shareholders the definitive proxy 
      statement/prospectus with respect to Holdco’s securities to be issued in 
      connection with the Business Combination. PACE’S SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED 
      AND ADVISED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT CAREFULLY. The 
      Registration Statement and other relevant materials and any other 
      documents filed by Pace, Holdco or Playa with the SEC may be obtained 
      free of charge at the SEC’s website, at www.sec.gov. In 
      addition, shareholders may obtain free copies of the Registration 
      Statement by directing a request to: Pace Holdings Corp., 301 Commerce 
      Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, email: Pace@tpg.com.
    

Forward Looking Statements


      This Current Report includes “forward looking statements” within the 
      meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may 
      be identified by the use of words such as "forecast," "intend," "seek," 
      "target," “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “plan,” 
      “outlook,” and “project” and other similar expressions that predict or 
      indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of 
      historical matters. Such forward looking statements include projected 
      financial information. Such forward looking statements with respect to 
      revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects 
      of the businesses of Pace, Playa or the combined company after 
      completion of any proposed Business Combination are based on current 
      expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of 
      factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from 
      those indicated by such forward looking statements. These factors 
      include, but are not limited to: (1) the inability to complete the 
      transactions contemplated by the proposed Business Combination; (2) the 
      inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business 
      Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, 
      and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth 
      profitably; (3) the ability to meet NASDAQ’s listing standards following 
      the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed 
      Business Combination; (4) costs related to the proposed Business 
      Combination; (5) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (6) the 
      possibility that Playa or Pace may be adversely affected by other 
      economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (7) other risks and 
      uncertainties indicated from time to time in the final prospectus of 
      Pace, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and other documents 
      filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by 
      Pace. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any 
      forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Pace 
      and Playa undertake no commitment to update or revise the 
      forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
      future events or otherwise.
    

Disclaimer


      This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an 
      offer to purchase, nor a solicitation of an offer to sell, subscribe for 
      or buy any securities or the solicitation of any vote in any 
      jurisdiction pursuant to the proposed transactions or otherwise, nor 
      shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer or securities in any 
      jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities 
      shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements 
      of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable 
      regulations in the Netherlands and Cayman Islands.
    

About Playa Hotels & Resorts


      Playa Hotels & Resorts is a leading owner, operator and developer of 
      all-inclusive resorts in popular vacation destinations in Mexico and the 
      Caribbean. Playa owns a portfolio consisting of 13 resorts (6,142 rooms) 
      located on prime beachfront properties across Mexico, the Dominican 
      Republic, and Jamaica. In 2013, Playa entered into a strategic 
      partnership with Hyatt to create two all-inclusive brands under the 
      Hyatt name, Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara, of which Playa is the sole 
      franchisee. Playa operates six Hyatt resorts across Mexico and Jamaica, 
      one of which sits in the only private cove in Puerto Vallarta. Through 
      its relationship with Playa, Hyatt is the first major U.S. brand to have 
      entered the all-inclusive segment.
    

About Pace Holdings


      Pace was formed with the purpose of acquiring a company that would be 
      better suited to generate strong returns in the public markets while 
      benefiting from the broader operational knowledge, resources and private 
      equity heritage of TPG. This transaction builds on TPG’s efforts to grow 
      its private equity offering by servicing different return profiles and 
      product types. Since the start of 2014, the firm has 
      launched several new products, including Pace, TPG Real Estate Finance 
      Trust (“TRT”), TSL Europe and Arrow Ridge Capital.
    
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170301005947/en/












EN 

 01/03/2017











Underlying




PACEPace Holdings Corp
 




                                    To request access to management, click here to engage with our partner Phoenix-IR's CorporateAccessNetwork.com









Reports by Pace Holdings Corp













20/12/2016




English 

0 pages








Press Release



PACE
                                                        Pace Holdings Corp                        

                            Tom Klein to Join Playa Hotels & Resorts Board of Directors
                        

                                                                                    FAIRFAX, Va., & FORT WORTH, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
    
      Playa Hotels & Resorts B.V. (“Playa”), a leading owner, operator, and 
      developer of premium all-inclusive resorts, and Pace Holdings Corp. 
      (“Pace”) (NASDAQ: PACE), a special-purpose a...
                                                                        











English 

0 pages






 















Create a free ResearchPool account to access full reports, get a personalised dashboard and follow providers or companies


Email*



Password* ( 6 or more characters )




Get financial insights straight to your inbox





 Do you want to use these details for invoicing
						




By clicking "register" you accept the  Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy







Sign-up Now
Already on ResearchPool? Sign in










Sign-up for free to access full reports immediately


Email Address*



Choose Password* ( 6 or more characters )



Due to regulatory restrictions regarding the distribution of financial research, this
							report is restricted to a specific region or investor type. Get access to exclusive reports
							by answering the questions below.


Select your country*

United Kingdom
France
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Yemen
Zambia
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Get financial insights straight to your inbox





 Do you want to use these details for invoicing
						




By clicking "register" you accept the  Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy







Sign-up Now
Already on ResearchPool? Sign in












Email



Password




Sign-in


Forgot your password ?

New to ResearchPool? Sign-up





Unfortunately, this report is not available for the investor type or country you selected.
Browse all ResearchPool reports





Report is subscription only.





Thank you, your report is ready.





Thank you, your report is ready.
















ResearchPool Subscriptions
Get the most out of your insights 


Why subscribe?

Access premium insights from a wide range of providers on one convenient platform
Easily search, browse and choose exactly the research that you want to consume
Get unbundled research at competitive prices –separate from dealing commissions and other ancillary services
 

How to subscribe

Contact us to get started on your subscription
 

Get in touch






 










ResearchPool Subscriptions
This report is only available to subscribers 


Why subscribe?

Access premium insights from a wide range of providers on one convenient platform
Easily search, browse and choose exactly the research that you want to consume
Get unbundled research at competitive prices –separate from dealing commissions and other ancillary services
 

How to subscribe

Contact us to get started on your subscription
 

Get in touch






 






















TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Pricing of $400,000,000 Initial Public Offering

























28/07/2017 00:29:29



1-888-992-3836 (toll free)


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Boards









Follow FeedMost PopularSitemapForex & FuturesWorld Exchanges

















TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Pricing of $400,000,000 Initial Public Offering


Date : 06/27/2017 @ 2:32PM


Source : Business Wire









TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Pricing of $400,000,000 Initial Public Offering
Tweet


Print



      TPG Pace Holdings Corp. (the “Company”), a newly organized blank 
      check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and 
      formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset 
      acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business 
      combination with one or more businesses, today announced the pricing of 
      its initial public offering of 40,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per 
      unit. The units will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trade 
      under the ticker symbol “TPGH.U” beginning June 27, 2017. Each unit 
      consists of one of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and one-third 
      of one warrant, each whole warrant enabling the holder thereof to 
      purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. Once 
      the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A 
      ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be listed on the New York 
      Stock Exchange under the symbols “TPGH” and “TPGH WS,” respectively.
    

      Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and J.P. Morgan 
      Securities LLC are serving as joint book runners for the offering. TPG 
      Pace Holdings Corp. has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to 
      purchase up to an additional 6,000,000 units at the initial public 
      offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.
    

      The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When 
      available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Deutsche Bank 
      Securities Inc., Attn: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 
      10005-2836, tel: (800) 503-4611, email: prospectus.CPDG@db.com; 
      Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, 
      New York, NY 10282, tel: (212) 902-1171, fax: (212) 902-9316, email: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; 
      and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial 
      Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, tel: 1-866- 
      803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com.
    

      A registration statement relating to the securities has been declared 
      effective by the SEC on June 27, 2017. This press release shall not 
      constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor 
      shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction 
      in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to 
      registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such 
      state or jurisdiction.
    

      This press release contains statements that constitute “forward-looking 
      statements,” including with respect to the proposed initial public 
      offering and the anticipated use of the net proceeds. No assurance can 
      be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the 
      terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering 
      will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to 
      numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the 
      Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the 
      Company’s registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the 
      Company’s offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
      (“SEC”). Copies are available on the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. 
      The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for 
      revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required 
      by law.
    

About TPG Pace


      TPG Pace Holdings Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company formed 
      by TPG Pace Group for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock 
      purchase, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 
      The strategy of TPG Pace Holdings Corp. is to identify and acquire 
      businesses that are better suited to generate strong returns in a public 
      market environment while benefiting from the broader operational 
      knowledge, resources and private equity heritage of TPG Global, LLC 
      (“TPG”).
    

About TPG Pace Group


      TPG Pace Group is the firm's dedicated permanent capital platform, 
      created in 2015 with the objective of sponsoring special purpose 
      acquisition companies and other permanent capital solutions for 
      companies. TPG Pace Group has a long-term, patient, and highly flexible 
      capital base, allowing us to seek transactions across industries 
      and geographies. The creation of TPG Pace Group builds on TPG’s efforts 
      to grow its private equity offering by servicing different return 
      profiles and product types. Since the start of 2014, the firm has 
      launched several new products, including TPG Pace Group, TPG Real Estate 
      Finance Trust, TSL Europe and Arrow Ridge Capital.
    




View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170627006344/en/
Media:Luke Barrett, (415) 743-1550media@tpg.comorInvestor:TPG 
      Pace Holdings Corp.(212) 405-8458pace@tpg.com
    













 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions





Suggestion box


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:43 V:us D:20170728 04:29:29


Welcome   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





help@advfn.com1-888-992-3836 (toll free)

Don't have an account?  Register Now.


















 



Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Pricing of $400,000,000 Initial Public Offering | Business Wire


























































Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Pricing of $400,000,000 Initial Public 
      Offering






September 10, 2015 06:49 PM Eastern Daylight Time



FORT WORTH, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pace Holdings Corp. (the “Company”), a blank check company formed for 
      the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset 
      acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business 
      combination with one or more businesses, today announced the pricing of 
      its initial public offering of 40,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per 
      unit. The units will be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and trade 
      under the ticker symbol “PACEU” beginning September 11, 2015. Each unit 
      consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant. Three warrants 
      may be exercised for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 
      $11.50 per share. Once the securities comprising the units begin 
      separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are expected 
      to be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols “PACE” and 
      “PACEW,” respectively.
    

      Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are 
      serving as joint book runners for the offering. Pace Holdings Corp. has 
      granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 
      6,000,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover 
      over-allotments, if any.
    

      The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When 
      available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Deutsche Bank 
      Securities Inc., 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836, Attention: 
      Prospectus Group, Telephone: (800) 503-4611, Email: prospectus.cpdg@db.com 
      and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Attention: Prospectus Department c/o 
      Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 
      11717, Telephone: (800) 831-9146.
    

      A registration statement relating to the securities has been declared 
      effective by the SEC on September 10, 2015. This press release shall not 
      constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor 
      shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction 
      in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to 
      registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such 
      state or jurisdiction.
    

      This press release contains statements that constitute “forward-looking 
      statements,” including with respect to the proposed initial public 
      offering and the anticipated use of the net proceeds. No assurance can 
      be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the 
      terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering 
      will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to 
      numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the 
      Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the 
      Company’s registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the 
      Company’s offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
      (“SEC”). Copies are available on the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. 
      The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for 
      revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required 
      by law.
    




Contacts

      Pace Holdings Corp.Luke Barrett, 212-601-4752
    










Release Summary
Pace Holdings Corp, a blank check company, announced the pricing of its IPO of 40,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit.






Contacts

      Pace Holdings Corp.Luke Barrett, 212-601-4752
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Completes $450,000,000 Initial Public Offering - MarketWatch


















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets




















press release


					June 30, 2017, 4:48 p.m. EDT
				
TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Completes $450,000,000 Initial Public Offering
























FORT WORTH, Texas, Jun 30, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
TPG        
Pace Holdings Corp. (the “Company”), a newly organized blank 
      check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and 
      formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset 
      acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business 
      combination with one or more businesses, today announced the closing of 
      its initial public offering of 45,000,000 units, which includes 
      5,000,000 units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the 
      underwriters of their over-allotment option. The offering was priced at 
      $10.00 per unit, resulting in gross proceeds of $450,000,000, before 
      deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering 
      expenses payable by the Company.


                                        








The Company’s units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under 
      the ticker symbol “TPGH.U” on June 28, 2017. Each unit consists of one 
      of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and one-third of one warrant, 
      each whole warrant enabling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A 
      ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. Once the securities 
      comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares 
      and warrants are expected to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
      under the symbols “TPGH” and “TPGH WS,” respectively.


                                        








Deutsche Bank Securities, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and J.P. Morgan 
      Securities LLC served as joint book runners for the offering.


                                        








The offering was made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may 
      be obtained from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attn: Prospectus Group, 
      60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836, tel: (800) 503-4611, email:         prospectus.CPDG@db.com
; 
      Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, 
      New York, NY 10282, tel: (866) 471-2526, fax: (212) 902-9316, email:         prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com
; 
      and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial 
      Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, tel: 1-866- 
      803-9204, email:         prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com
.


                                        








A registration statement relating to the securities has been declared 
      effective by the SEC on June 27, 2017. This press release shall not 
      constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor 
      shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction 
      in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to 
      registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such 
      state or jurisdiction.


                                        








This press release contains statements that constitute “forward-looking 
      statements,” including with respect to the anticipated use of the net 
      proceeds from the initial public offering. No assurance can be given 
      that the net proceeds of the initial public offering will be used as 
      indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous 
      conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, 
      including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Company’s 
      registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the Company’s 
      offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 
      Copies are available on the SEC’s website,         www.sec.gov
. 
      The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for 
      revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required 
      by law.


                                        

About TPG Pace Holdings Corp.









TPG Pace Holdings Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company formed 
      by TPG Pace Group for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock 
      purchase, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 
      The strategy of TPG Pace Holdings Corp. is to identify and acquire 
      businesses that are better suited to generate strong returns in a public 
      market environment while benefitting from the broader operational 
      knowledge, resources and private equity heritage of TPG Global, LLC 
      (“TPG”).


                                        

About TPG Pace Group









TPG Pace Group is the firm's dedicated permanent capital platform, 
      created in 2015 with the objective of sponsoring special purpose 
      acquisition companies and other permanent capital solutions for 
      companies. TPG Pace Group has a long-term, patient, and highly flexible 
      capital base, allowing us to seek transactions across industries 
      and geographies. The creation of TPG Pace Group builds on TPG’s efforts 
      to grow its private equity offering by servicing different return 
      profiles and product types. Since the start of 2014, the firm has 
      launched several new products, including TPG Pace Group, TPG Real Estate 
      Finance Trust, TSL Europe and Arrow Ridge Capital.


                                        














View source version on businesswire.com:         http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170630005770/en/









SOURCE: TPG Pace Holdings Corp.


                                        








For TPG Pace Holdings Corp.        
Media:

Luke Barrett, 
      415-743-1550        
media@tpg.com

or        
Investors:

212-405-8458        
pace@tpg.com









Copyright Business Wire 2017
                    








































Most Popular





1.





Market Extra

President Donald Trump is set to unleash a cascade of stock-market anxiety






2.





Market Snapshot

Dow posts worst losing streak in 2 months on eve of Trump’s inauguration






3.





Howard Gold's No-Nonsense Investing

Fund manager who correctly predicted 2014 drop in oil now sees prices in the $30s






4.






My dad talked me out of the decade’s best investment, but he wasn’t wrong






5.





SectorWatch

What Trump's vow to repeal Dodd-Frank means for banks








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




12:29 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:11pScaramucci says Trump’s love of pizza shows he’s not an elitist — 5 ways rich people act humble
11:11pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
11:10pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:04pA provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














PACE Soldering












 




► Sign in to see your pricing, inventory and specialty products.



















 
Category

All Products
Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants, & Tapes
Benches & Seating
Chemicals & Cleaning Supplies
Cleanroom & Laboratory
Electrical
Fasteners & Hardware
Hand & Power Tools
Janitorial & Office Supplies
Labeling & Identification
Lighting & Magnification
Material Handling & Storage
Motion Control & Fluid Power
Packaging & Shipping
Paints & Coatings
Safety & Personal Protection
Soldering & Rework
Static Control
Test & Measurement



Search



»

 











Cancel



























                    Home
                



                    Manufacturers
                


PACE Worldwide            









Adhesives, Sealants, & Tapes


Dispensing Equipment Accessories (2)





Electrical


Power Conditioning Equipment & Components (16)





Fasteners & Hardware


Fasteners (2)





Hand & Power Tools


Heat Guns & Accessories (1)
Holding & Clamping Tools (1)
Lead Processing Tool (1)
Tweezers & Pick-Up Tools (1)





Material Handling & Storage


PCB Carts, Carriers & Racks (1)





Soldering & Rework


Combination Rework Equipment & Accessories (7)
Convection Rework Systems & Accessories (3)
Desoldering Equipment & Accessories (3)
Desoldering Irons & Accessories (6)
Desoldering Stations & Accessories (10)
Fume Extractions & Accessories (36)
Hot Air Equipment & Accessories (31)
Hot Tweezers & Accessories (22)
PCB Board Assembly and Repair (2)
SMT Equipment & Accessories (6)
Soldering & Desoldering Tips (182)
Soldering Equipment & Accessories (10)
Soldering Irons & Accessories (30)
Soldering Stations & Accessories (41)
Stencil Printers & Accessories (2)





Test & Measurement


Temperature Measurements (1)











 PACE | Soldering & Rework Solutions Since 1958 A worldwide leader in soldering, desoldering and rework systems, PACE has been working to revolutionize essential solutions for the modern electronics industry since 1958. Today, the company continues to apply this same innovative approach to their extensive line of products, from soldering systems to consumables.









Adhesives, Sealants, & Tapes

Dispensing Equipment Accessories (2)








Electrical

Power Conditioning Equipment & Components (16)








Fasteners & Hardware

Fasteners (2)








Hand & Power Tools

Heat Guns & Accessories (1)
Holding & Clamping Tools (1)
Lead Processing Tool (1)
Tweezers & Pick-Up Tools (1)








Material Handling & Storage

PCB Carts, Carriers & Racks (1)








Soldering & Rework

Combination Rework Equipment & Accessories (7)
Convection Rework Systems & Accessories (3)
Desoldering Equipment & Accessories (3)
Desoldering Irons & Accessories (6)
Desoldering Stations & Accessories (10)
Fume Extractions & Accessories (36)
Hot Air Equipment & Accessories (31)
Hot Tweezers & Accessories (22)
PCB Board Assembly and Repair (2)
SMT Equipment & Accessories (6)
Soldering & Desoldering Tips (182)
Soldering Equipment & Accessories (10)
Soldering Irons & Accessories (30)
Soldering Stations & Accessories (41)
Stencil Printers & Accessories (2)








Test & Measurement

Temperature Measurements (1)
































          










PACE-Worldwide Combination Rework Equipment














 




► Sign in to see your pricing, inventory and specialty products.



















 
Category

All Products
Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants, & Tapes
Benches & Seating
Chemicals & Cleaning Supplies
Cleanroom & Laboratory
Electrical
Fasteners & Hardware
Hand & Power Tools
Janitorial & Office Supplies
Labeling & Identification
Lighting & Magnification
Material Handling & Storage
Motion Control & Fluid Power
Packaging & Shipping
Paints & Coatings
Safety & Personal Protection
Soldering & Rework
Static Control
Test & Measurement



Search



»

 











Cancel





































                    Home
                



                    Manufacturers
                



                    PACE Worldwide
                



                    Soldering & Rework
                



                    Combination Rework Equipment & Accessories
                


Combination Rework Equipment            






Combination Rework Equipment

Manufacturers
PACE Worldwide
Soldering & Rework
Combination Rework Equipment & Accessories




Filter




Clear All





Filter by Availability





In Stock Only













Product Status





Clearance





On Sale





Overstock





New













Brand Name





PACE Worldwide
(5)












ESD-Safe





Yes
(4)












Series





MBT-250
(2)




MBT-301
(2)




MBT-350
(1)












Product Type





Desoldering Station
(1)




Digital
(4)












Power Rating





207W
(2)




240W
(3)












Voltage Rating





115 VAC
(2)












Maximum Operating Temperature





+850°F
(3)




+900°F
(2)












Minimum Operating Temperature





+350°F
(2)




+400°F
(3)












Airflow Rate





8SLPM
(5)












Dimensions





9.25 x 6.5 x 5.3in
(4)












Length





9.25in
(4)












Width





6.5in
(4)












Height





5.3in
(4)












Standards Met





ANSI-J-STD-001
(3)











 








Filters






Clear All





Brand Name

                                                            PACE Worldwide (5)
                                                        




ESD-Safe

                                                            Yes (4)
                                                        




Series

                                                            MBT-250 (2)
                                                        

                                                            MBT-301 (2)
                                                        

                                                            MBT-350 (1)
                                                        




Product Type

                                                            Desoldering Station (1)
                                                        

                                                            Digital (4)
                                                        




Power Rating

                                                            207W (2)
                                                        

                                                            240W (3)
                                                        




Voltage Rating

                                                            115 VAC (2)
                                                        




Maximum Operating Temperature

                                                            +850°F (3)
                                                        

                                                            +900°F (2)
                                                        




Minimum Operating Temperature

                                                            +350°F (2)
                                                        

                                                            +400°F (3)
                                                        




Airflow Rate

                                                            8SLPM (5)
                                                        




Dimensions

                                                            9.25 x 6.5 x 5.3in (4)
                                                        




Length

                                                            9.25in (4)
                                                        




Width

                                                            6.5in (4)
                                                        




Height

                                                            5.3in (4)
                                                        




Standards Met

                                                            ANSI-J-STD-001 (3)
                                                        













6
items






Sort by:




                                            Best Match
                                        

                                            Most Popular
                                        

                                            Product: A to Z
                                        

                                            Product: Z to A
                                        

                                            Price: Low to High
                                        

                                            Price: High to Low
                                        

                                            MFG Name: A to Z
                                        

                                            MFG Name: Z to A
                                        

                                            MFG #: A to Z
                                        

                                            MFG #: Z to A
                                        





Per page:



16
32
48
64







Grid
List
Table
Columns



Brand Name


ESD-Safe


Series


Product Type


Power Rating


Voltage Rating


Maximum Operating Temperature


Minimum Operating Temperature


Airflow Rate


Dimensions


Length


Width


Height


Standards Met












Compare





PACE Worldwide
ESD-Safe MBT 250 Digital SDTP Rework and Repair System with PS, SX, TT and TP Handpiece Kits, 120V


All-Spec #: 8007-0206-37629
MFG #: 8007-0206

                                                    Alternate Part #:
                                                    
8007-0206







Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 14 days







$2,309.69
$2,413.96

/ Each-EA




Brand Name:

PACE Worldwide
                    


ESD-Safe:

Yes
                    


Series:

MBT-250
                    




Order





U/M:

EA



QTY:



Minimum Order QTY: 1
Item must be ordered in multiples of 1


Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order












Compare





PACE Worldwide
ESD-Safe MBT 350 Digital Rework and Repair System, 120V, with TD-100 Soldering Iron, MT-100 Mini-Tweez, and SX-100 Sodr-X-Tractor


All-Spec #: 8007-0454-37629
MFG #: 8007-0454

                                                    Alternate Part #:
                                                    
710-6292
8007-0454







In stock: 2 EA
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 10 days







$1,495.99
$1,604.33

/ Each-EA




Brand Name:

PACE Worldwide
                    


ESD-Safe:

Yes
                    


Series:

MBT-350
                    




Order





U/M:

EA



QTY:



Minimum Order QTY: 1
Item must be ordered in multiples of 1


Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order












Compare





PACE Worldwide
ESD-Safe MBT 301 Conductive Rework System with TD and SX Handpiece Kits, 120V


All-Spec #: 8007-0478-37629
MFG #: 8007-0478

                                                    Alternate Part #:
                                                    
710-5093
8007-0478







In stock: 3 EA
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 8 days







$1,163.86
$1,265.06

/ Each-EA




Brand Name:

PACE Worldwide
                    


ESD-Safe:

Yes
                    


Series:

MBT-301
                    




Order





U/M:

EA



QTY:



Minimum Order QTY: 1
Item must be ordered in multiples of 1


Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order












Compare





PACE Worldwide
ESD-Safe MBT 250 Digital SD Rework and Repair System with PS-90 and SX-100 Handpiece Kits, 120V


All-Spec #: 8007-0203-37629
MFG #: 8007-0203

                                                    Alternate Part #:
                                                    
8007-0203







Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 10 days







$1,428.36
$1,552.57

/ Each-EA




Brand Name:

PACE Worldwide
                    


ESD-Safe:

Yes
                    


Series:

MBT-250
                    




Order





U/M:

EA



QTY:



Minimum Order QTY: 1
Item must be ordered in multiples of 1


Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order












Compare





PACE Worldwide
MBT 301 with PS-90 soldering iron


All-Spec #: 8007-0549-37629
MFG #: 8007-0549





Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 22 days







$1,339.69
$1,351.32

/ Each-EA




Brand Name:

PACE Worldwide
                    


Series:

MBT-301
                    


Product Type:

Desoldering Station
                    




Order





U/M:

EA



QTY:



Minimum Order QTY: 1
Item must be ordered in multiples of 1


Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order












Compare





PACE Worldwide
Power Supply for MBT250 Solder Station


All-Spec #: 8007-0349-37629
MFG #: 8007-0349





Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 10 days







$1,265.06

/ Each-EA




Manufacturer:

PACE Worldwide
                    




Order





U/M:

EA



QTY:



Minimum Order QTY: 1
Item must be ordered in multiples of 1


Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order










Description
Brand Name
ESD-Safe
Series
Reviews
Availability

                
Price
U/M












ESD-Safe MBT 250 Digital SDTP Rework and Repair System with PS, SX, TT and TP Handpiece Kits, 120V


8007-0206-37629
MFG #: 8007-0206


Compare



PACE Worldwide
Yes
MBT-250





Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 14 days



$2,309.69
$2,413.96



/ Each-EA






U/M:

EA



QTY:



Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order














ESD-Safe MBT 350 Digital Rework and Repair System, 120V, with TD-100 Soldering Iron, MT-100 Mini-Tweez, and SX-100 Sodr-X-Tractor


8007-0454-37629
MFG #: 8007-0454


Compare



PACE Worldwide
Yes
MBT-350





In stock: 2 EA
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 10 days



$1,495.99
$1,604.33



/ Each-EA






U/M:

EA



QTY:



Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order














ESD-Safe MBT 301 Conductive Rework System with TD and SX Handpiece Kits, 120V


8007-0478-37629
MFG #: 8007-0478


Compare



PACE Worldwide
Yes
MBT-301





In stock: 3 EA
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 8 days



$1,163.86
$1,265.06



/ Each-EA






U/M:

EA



QTY:



Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order














ESD-Safe MBT 250 Digital SD Rework and Repair System with PS-90 and SX-100 Handpiece Kits, 120V


8007-0203-37629
MFG #: 8007-0203


Compare



PACE Worldwide
Yes
MBT-250





Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 10 days



$1,428.36
$1,552.57



/ Each-EA






U/M:

EA



QTY:



Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order














MBT 301 with PS-90 soldering iron


8007-0549-37629
MFG #: 8007-0549


Compare



PACE Worldwide

MBT-301





Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 22 days



$1,339.69
$1,351.32



/ Each-EA






U/M:

EA



QTY:



Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order














Power Supply for MBT250 Solder Station


8007-0349-37629
MFG #: 8007-0349


Compare











Available to order
Manufacturer Lead Time When Not In Stock: 10 days



$1,265.06



/ Each-EA






U/M:

EA



QTY:



Add to Cart
Add to a Repeat Order















Add to Cart
        This item has been successfully added to your cart. View Cart
×

 


Add to Cart
We cannot add the specified quantity to your cart; only the available inventory or less can be purchased. The reason is either the product has been discontinued by the manufacturer or is a clearance/overstock item. All available inventory has been added to your cart.
×





You have reached the maximum number of items (6).
Please 'Compare' or remove items.

Compare

×





Add to Cart

×





















(0) Items

Compare
Clear All


















          










Desoldering Stations & Accessories












 




► Sign in to see your pricing, inventory and specialty products.



















 
Category

All Products
Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants, & Tapes
Benches & Seating
Chemicals & Cleaning Supplies
Cleanroom & Laboratory
Electrical
Fasteners & Hardware
Hand & Power Tools
Janitorial & Office Supplies
Labeling & Identification
Lighting & Magnification
Material Handling & Storage
Motion Control & Fluid Power
Packaging & Shipping
Paints & Coatings
Safety & Personal Protection
Soldering & Rework
Static Control
Test & Measurement



Search



»

 











Cancel



























                    Home
                



                    Manufacturers
                



                    PACE Worldwide
                



                    Soldering & Rework
                


Desoldering Stations & Accessories            






Desoldering Station Accessories
Desoldering Stations


















Desoldering Station Accessories







Desoldering Stations































          










Soldering & Desoldering Tips












 




► Sign in to see your pricing, inventory and specialty products.



















 
Category

All Products
Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants, & Tapes
Benches & Seating
Chemicals & Cleaning Supplies
Cleanroom & Laboratory
Electrical
Fasteners & Hardware
Hand & Power Tools
Janitorial & Office Supplies
Labeling & Identification
Lighting & Magnification
Material Handling & Storage
Motion Control & Fluid Power
Packaging & Shipping
Paints & Coatings
Safety & Personal Protection
Soldering & Rework
Static Control
Test & Measurement



Search



»

 











Cancel



























                    Home
                



                    Manufacturers
                



                    PACE Worldwide
                



                    Soldering & Rework
                


Soldering & Desoldering Tips            






Desoldering Tip Accessories
Desoldering Tips
Soldering Tip Accessories
Soldering Tips


















Desoldering Tip Accessories







Desoldering Tips







Soldering Tip Accessories







Soldering Tips































          










pace holdings - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










PACE Worldwide Soldering | all-spec.com



Ad
 ·
www.all-spec.com/​PACESoldering



Now Stocking PACE Soldering Stations, Extractors, Tips & More!


all-spec.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(37 reviews)





PACE® Rework Tools



PACE® Tips




PACE® Desoldering Parts





Searches related topace holdings



tpg pace holdings


pace holdings corp


tpg private equity


pace holdings llc



tpg capital headquarters


pace holdings corp spac


abrams group holdings pace fl


tpg services




Web Results

PACE HOLDINGS CORP. (PACEU) IPO - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/company/pace-holdings-corp-973066-79182


Edit Favorites. Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable ...


Pace Holdings Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/PACEU:US-pace-holdings-corp


Company profile & key executives for Pace Holdings Corp (PACEU:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Pace Holdings | TPG

https://www.tpg.com/tpg-pace-holdings


TPG Pace Holdings is a special purpose acquisition company formed by TPG for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock purchase or similar business combination ...


Pace Holding - Power & Control Engineering Holding

www.paceholdingsa.com


We provide integrated services and equipment in the field of electrical, mechanical, communication and civil works for the power, industrial sector and commercial ...


PACE Stock Quote - Pace Holdings Corp - Bloomberg Markets

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/PACE:US


Stock analysis for Pace Holdings Corp (PACE) including stock price, stock chart, company news, key statistics, fundamentals and company profile.


Pace Holdings Corp. Announces Shareholder Approval of ...

www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170301005947/en


Pace Holdings Corp. today announced that its shareholders have overwhelmingly approved the previously announced business combination of Pace and Playa


TPGH.U Stock Price - TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Un Stock ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/tpgh.u


TPG Pace Holdings Corp. Un stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Playa Hotels & Resorts and Pace Holdings Corp. Announce ...

www.businesswire.com/news/home/...Resorts-Pace-Holdings-Corp.-Announce


Playa Hotels & Resorts B.V. (“Playa”) announced today that it has entered into a definitive business combination agreement with Pace H


Pace Holdings, LLC - Bizapedia.com

https://www.bizapedia.com/us/pace-holdings-llc.html


There are 14 companies that go by the name of Pace Holdings, LLC in Atlantic Beach FL, Bernardsville NJ, Cheyenne WY, Cos Cob CT, Fort Worth TX, Green Bay WI...


TPG-backed Pace Holdings Corp. buys Playa Hotels & Resorts ...

https://www.bizjournals.com/dallas/news/2016/12/15/tpg-backed...


Pace Holdings Corp., a blank check company formed last year, acquired Virginia-based Playa for an undisclosed amount.










PACE Worldwide Soldering | all-spec.com



Ad
 ·
www.all-spec.com/​PACESoldering



Now Stocking PACE Soldering Stations, Extractors, Tips & More!


all-spec.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(37 reviews)





PACE® Rework Tools



PACE® Tips




PACE® Desoldering Parts




Searches related topace holdings



tpg pace holdings


pace holdings corp


tpg private equity


pace holdings llc



tpg capital headquarters


pace holdings corp spac


abrams group holdings pace fl


tpg services




12345Next






Answers







Richard Pace



collated Archdeacon of Dorset in 1514. holding the post until 1523. In 1515, Wolsey sent Pace to urge the Swiss to attack France. He was engaged in a...

more






Larry Bird



operations for the Pacers, holding the position until retiring in 2012. After a year away from the position, he announced he would return to the Pacers...

more






Pace's Ferry



(formerly Paces), Pace's Mill was a gristmill begun by Hardy Pace, founded to diversify his holdings after the railroad was built. The short Paces Mill...

more










pace holdings News






ON HOLD



The most recent articles

 - Jul 27


A PROMISE OF a meeting of the Social Partnership by Prime Minister Freundel Stuart might not be enough to avert industrial action. While speaking in Parliament on Tuesday, Stuart said he was...

more





Skechers Picks Up the Pace



Wisconsin State Journal - Madison...

 - Jul 21


Skechers (NYSE: SKX) is lacing up early this earnings season, and Thursday afternoon's report is shaping up to be a mixed bag. The footwear maker saw net sales in its second quarter climb 16.9% to...

more





Skechers Picks Up the Pace



Fool.com Headlines

 - Jul 21


Skechers (NYSE:SKX) is lacing up early this earnings season, and Thursday afternoon's report is shaping up to be a mixed bag. The footwear maker saw net sales in its second quarter climb 16.9% to...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network





















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















