


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan High Yield Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan High Yield Fund(OHYAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN HIGH YIELD FUND

Income potential with high yield.

Driven by macro insights and bottom-up fundamental credit research, the High Yield Fund aims to deliver greater income and return potential than core bond holdings, with lower risk than stocks.
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Experienced management team has worked together through multiple market cycles over 28 years, including three recessions.

Portfolio


		Combines bottom-up analysis with top-down insight to actively manage credit profile against market risk.

Success


		Consistently delivered lower volatility vs. its benchmark over the long term.

		Top-quartile performance 89% of the time vs. Morningstar High Yield Category over rolling 10-year periods.1





	ROLLING 10-YEAR PERCENTILE RETURN RANKING


 



1For I Shares; High-yield bond category; Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield-2% Issuer Capped Index. Rolling 10-year periods since fund inception (11/13/1998), as of 3/31/17. Ranked as follows: 1-yr. (332/697), 3-yrs. (229/596), 5-yrs. (191/471) and 10-yrs. (78/318).

Chart source: Morningstar; as of 3/31/17. Shown for illustrative purposes only; calculated using monthly returns since 12/1/08 – 3/31/17. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan High Yield Fund (I Class Shares) underperformed the benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index, for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		The Fund’s security selection within energy has hurt performance. We have consciously chosen to be overweight in a select few higher-volatility names that have traded off amid the recent moves in oil. We see these names as capable of surviving in a lower-for-longer oil environment despite their sensitivity to short-term oil price moves.

		BB-rated credit outperformed, reversing the trend of higher quality underperforming the market seen in 2016 and the first quarter. Our underweight positioning in higher-quality credit hurt performance.

		The Fund’s security selection in the industrial other, avoiding an issuer that went bankrupt, was positive for performance.

		Also adding to performance were market-beating returns in several pharmaceutical names we had viewed as undervalued.


	Looking ahead


		High-yield bonds have been on a remarkable run over the past 16 months, providing investors more than 2.5 times coupon returns over the bull market, driven by the global search for yield, stable economic and credit fundamentals, and increasingly positive views on commodities sectors.

		Volatility in individual sectors (energy and retail) will likely present opportunities to position opportunistically, and we see high yield as an extended sector that can continue to provide diversification and yield to a variety of portfolios.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: High Yield (A)




Fund Story: High Yield Fund


Presentation: High Yield Fund






Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - High Yield Fund


Product Guide

Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Supplemental Data Sheet - High Yield Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan High Yield Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares, 1.35% for R2 Shares, 0.70% for R5 Shares and 0.60% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2018 for A Shares, 10/31/2018 for C Shares, 10/31/2018 for I Shares, 10/31/2018 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2018 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index is comprised of fixed rate, non-investment grade debt securities that are dollar denominated and non-convertible. The index limits the maximum exposure to any one issuer to 2%. The performance of the Lipper High Yield Bond Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. Investments in derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments. They may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments. Many derivatives create leverage, which could lead to greater volatility and losses that significantly exceed the original investment.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.  Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.








American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds






































  PHF Quote - Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc   PHF:US      Liquidated   PHF:US was liquidated   7.98USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/10/2017     Previous Close   7.98                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   84,217    Previous Close   7.98    NAV (on 07/06/2017)   8    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/06/2017)   104.018    Inception Date   11/01/1988    Premium/Discount   -0.50%    Average 52-Week Premium   -    Fund Managers   JAMES P SHANAHAN JR    Last Dividend (on 05/24/2017)   0.025    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   3.76%    Expense Ratio   1.39%    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        EF420256:COR   EQ 7.995 06/01/36    1.75 k 1.79 m 1.25      OGVXX:US   JPMorgan U.S. Government Money    1.33 m 1.33 m 0.93      AM359172:COR   EPENEG 8 02/15/25    1.27 k 1.13 m 0.79      AN322612:COR   GWCN 8 ¾ 05/15/25    1.02 k 1.04 m 0.73      EI824506:COR   DISH 6 ¾ 06/01/21    941.00 1.02 m 0.71      EK553678:COR   S 7 ⅛ 06/15/24    940.00 1.02 m 0.71      JK816367:COR   PRSESE 9 ¼ 05/15/23    785.00 857.61 k 0.60      EJ213306:COR   HXN 6 ⅝ 04/15/20    832.00 786.24 k 0.55      EK595163:COR   SVU 7 ¾ 11/15/22    720.00 737.55 k 0.52      QZ620812:COR   CORTNP 9 ¼ 10/15/24    670.00 719.41 k 0.50           Profile   Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. is a diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA.  The Fund seeks to provide a high level of total return through current income and capital appreciation.  The Fund invests primarily in high-yield, fixed income securities of domestic companies.    Address  Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.245 Park AveNew York, NY 10167USA   Phone  1-877-217-9502   Website   www.phf-hy.com              








Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc - AMEX:PHF - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF)
Follow




                                    7.98
                                

0.02
0.25




                        AMEX : Financial
                    

Jul 10, 2017 3:59 PM EDT












Prev Close
  7.96


Open
7.96


Day Low/High

                                    7.95 /
                                    7.98


52 Wk Low/High

                                    5.60 /
                                    7.31
                                


Volume
84.22K


Avg Volume 
50.30K











Exchange
AMEX


Shares Outstanding
13.00M


Market Cap
103.71M


EPS
-0.60


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            7.11
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.30
                                            (3.80%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Information Regarding Liquidation






Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Reduction And Payment Of Monthly Dividend













Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Results Of Annual Meeting Of Shareholders
Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") (NYSE MKT: PHF) held its 2017 Annual Shareholder Meeting today in New York City.

May 10, 2017 4:41 PM EDT









Cash Dividend On The Way From Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated (PHF)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 4/24/17, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.045, payable on 4/28/17. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $7.85, this dividend works out to approximately 0.57%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.57% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 4/24/17.

Apr 20, 2017 1:28 PM EDT









Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Apr 7, 2017 4:00 PM EDT









Ex-Div Reminder for Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 3/27/17, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.045, payable on 3/31/17. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $7.74, this dividend works out to approximately 0.58%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.58% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 3/27/17.

Mar 24, 2017 10:22 AM EDT









Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Mar 13, 2017 4:00 PM EDT









Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Feb 7, 2017 4:31 PM EST













Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Board Approval Of Liquidation
Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") (NYSE MKT:PHF) announced today that the Board of Directors (the "Board") of the Fund approved the liquidation and dissolution of the Fund, subject to shareholder approval.

Jan 23, 2017 4:00 PM EST













PHF Ex-Dividend Reminder - 1/25/17
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 1/25/17, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.045, payable on 1/31/17. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $7.36, this dividend works out to approximately 0.61%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.61% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 1/25/17.

Jan 23, 2017 10:34 AM EST













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Jan 10, 2017 4:00 PM EST













Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") Regretfully Announces The Death Of Director Robert J. Higgins
It is with deep sadness that the Fund announces the passing of one its directors, Robert J.

Jan 5, 2017 4:00 PM EST













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Dec 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Voluntary Redemption Of All Remaining 30 Outstanding Shares Of Auction Rate Preferred Shares
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) announced that it is redeeming all remaining 30 outstanding shares of its Auction Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W (the "Preferred Shares") on December 22, 2016...

Nov 18, 2016 5:16 PM EST













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Nov 11, 2016 4:00 PM EST













PHF Ex-Dividend Reminder - 9/26/16
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 9/26/16, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.045, payable on 9/30/16. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $7.09, this dividend works out to approximately 0.63%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.63% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 9/26/16.

Sep 22, 2016 10:30 AM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Reduction And Payment Of Monthly Dividend
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a dividend of $0.

Sep 14, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Ex-Div Reminder for Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 8/25/16, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.05, payable on 8/31/16. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $7.16, this dividend works out to approximately 0.70%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.70% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 8/25/16.

Aug 23, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Aug 15, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: PHF, DBD, ATR
PHF DBD ATR are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, July 25, 2016

Jul 22, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Reminder - Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 7/25/16, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.05, payable on 7/29/16. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $7.23, this dividend works out to approximately 0.69%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.69% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 7/25/16.

Jul 21, 2016 9:58 AM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Jul 13, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Jun 14, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

May 12, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announced Today Portfolio Management Team Update
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") (NYSE MKT: PHF) announced today updates to its portfolio management team.

Apr 29, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: PHF, CNHI, CALM
PHF CNHI CALM are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, April 25, 2016

Apr 22, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 4/25/16, Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.05, payable on 4/29/16. As a percentage of PHF's recent stock price of $6.64, this dividend works out to approximately 0.75%, so look for shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Incorporated to trade 0.75% lower — all else being equal — when PHF shares open for trading on 4/25/16.

Apr 21, 2016 9:59 AM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Holds 2016 Annual Shareholder Meeting
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT:PHF) held its 2016 Annual Shareholder Meeting today in New York City.

Apr 20, 2016 11:52 AM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Final Results Of Tender Offer For Its Auction Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W
Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) (the "Fund") announced today the expiration and final results for its issuer tender offer (the "Tender Offer") for up to 100% of the outstanding shares of the Fund's Auction...

Apr 14, 2016 6:12 PM EDT













Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Monthly Distribution
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (NYSE MKT: PHF) declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.

Apr 13, 2016 4:00 PM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Weekly CEF Roundup: Saba Secures Tender Offers At Clough Funds

SeekingAlpha



Introducing The Weekly CEF Roundup

SeekingAlpha



Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/11/17: SIGM, PHF, OPK, AKBA, MERC

SeekingAlpha



High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

SeekingAlpha



High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's

SeekingAlpha



The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance

SeekingAlpha



Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence

SeekingAlpha



U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?

SeekingAlpha



One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted

SeekingAlpha



Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?

SeekingAlpha



Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/29/17: PHF, SEAS, XENE, SGBX, AGFS

SeekingAlpha



Goldilocks Principle

SeekingAlpha



Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield

SeekingAlpha



News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative

SeekingAlpha



Weekly Fund Wrap: Deja Vu All Over Again

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know


Verizon Is a Powerhouse -- Jim Cramer Reveals Why


Starbucks Earnings Weren't Bold and Flavorful by Any Means


Apple Isn't the Only Hot Deal That Will Send PayPal Shares Soaring -- Jim Cramer Reveals


Google Has Purchased 52 Properties in California for $820 million











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc                                                                                            - Cincinnati                                        , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Cincinnati



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc
                                    



 





















P 


Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8044 MONTGOMERY RD # 555 CINCINNATI, OH 45236
Get Directions



(800) 343-1113
 





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $159,668.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Denis Sullivan                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Management Investment, Open-end. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


























Privacy Notice - J.P. Morgan Asset Management







CLOSE


Input search bar




				Privacy Notice
			







				FACTS


					WHAT DOES PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL IN FORMATION?




				Why?

				Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.



				What?

				The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
				

						Social Security number and account balances

						transaction history and account transactions

						checking account information and wire transfer instructions

				When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.



				How?

				All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons J.P. Morgan Funds chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.








					Reasons we can share your personal information



					Does Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. share?



					Can you limit this sharing?







					For our everyday business purposes -
				such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus

				Yes

				No




					For our marketing purposes -
				to offer our products and services to you

				Yes

				No




					For joint marketing with other financial companies


				No

				We don’t share




					For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes -
				information about your transactions and experiences

				No

				We don’t share




					For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes -
				information about your creditworthiness

				No

				We don’t share




					For nonaffiliates to market to you


				No

				We don’t share








					Who we are






				Who is providing this notice?

				Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.








					What we do






				How does Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. protect my personal information?

				To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We authorize our employees to access your information only when they need it do their work and we require companies that work for us to protect your information.



				How does Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. collect my personal information?

				We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
				

						open an account or provide contact information

						give us your account information or pay us by check

						make a wire transfer

				We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates and other companies.



				Why can't I limit all sharing?

				Federal law gives you the right to limit only
				

						sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness

						affiliates from using your information to market to you

						sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you

				State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.








					Definitions






				Affiliates

				Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
				

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. does not share with our affiliates.





				Nonaffiliates

				Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
				

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.





				Joint Marketing

				A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
				

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. doesn’t jointly market.













Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 5:12 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of July 11, 2017, Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. has gone out of business. Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in high yield, lower rated fixed income securities issued by companies. It seeks to maintain an average portfolio quality of B-. The fund employs a contrarian style of investing with a focus on undervalued, out-of-favor sectors that are distressed or in bankruptcy. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Credit Suisse First Boston High Yield Index Developed Countries Only. ...
As of July 11, 2017, Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. has gone out of business. Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in high yield, lower rated fixed income securities issued by companies. It seeks to maintain an average portfolio quality of B-. The fund employs a contrarian style of investing with a focus on undervalued, out-of-favor sectors that are distressed or in bankruptcy. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Credit Suisse First Boston High Yield Index Developed Countries Only. The fund was formerly known as the Pacholder Fund, Inc. Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. was formed on August 17, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


270 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10017-2014United StatesFounded in 1988



Phone: 212-648-1999

Fax: 212-648-1790








Key Executives for Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.




Mr. James P. Shanahan Jr., J.D.


      	Managing Director, Senior Portfolio Manager, and Team Leader
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. William J. Morgan


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 63
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Key Developments

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Declares Dividend for the Month of May 2017, Payable on May 31, 2017
May 16 17
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. declared a dividend of $0.025 per common share payable on May 31, 2017 to shareholders of record on May 26, 2017. The ex-date for the dividend is May 24, 2017.


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Declares Monthly Distribution for the Month Ending April 30, 2017, Payable on April 28, 2017
Apr 7 17
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.0450 per common share for the month ending April 30, 2017. The distribution will be payable on April 28, 2017 to shareholders of record on April 26, 2017. The ex-date for the dividend is April 24, 2017.


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Declares Regular Monthly Distribution for the Month Ending March 31, 2017, Payable on March 31, 2017
Mar 13 17
The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. declared a regular monthly distribution of $0.0450 per common share for the month ending March 31, 2017. The distribution will be payable on March 31, 2017 to shareholders of record on March 29, 2017. The ex-date for the dividend is March 27, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan High Yield Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan High Yield Fund(OHYAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN HIGH YIELD FUND

Income potential with high yield.

Driven by macro insights and bottom-up fundamental credit research, the High Yield Fund aims to deliver greater income and return potential than core bond holdings, with lower risk than stocks.
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Experienced management team has worked together through multiple market cycles over 28 years, including three recessions.

Portfolio


		Combines bottom-up analysis with top-down insight to actively manage credit profile against market risk.

Success


		Consistently delivered lower volatility vs. its benchmark over the long term.

		Top-quartile performance 89% of the time vs. Morningstar High Yield Category over rolling 10-year periods.1





	ROLLING 10-YEAR PERCENTILE RETURN RANKING


 



1For I Shares; High-yield bond category; Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield-2% Issuer Capped Index. Rolling 10-year periods since fund inception (11/13/1998), as of 3/31/17. Ranked as follows: 1-yr. (332/697), 3-yrs. (229/596), 5-yrs. (191/471) and 10-yrs. (78/318).

Chart source: Morningstar; as of 3/31/17. Shown for illustrative purposes only; calculated using monthly returns since 12/1/08 – 3/31/17. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan High Yield Fund (I Class Shares) underperformed the benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index, for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		The Fund’s security selection within energy has hurt performance. We have consciously chosen to be overweight in a select few higher-volatility names that have traded off amid the recent moves in oil. We see these names as capable of surviving in a lower-for-longer oil environment despite their sensitivity to short-term oil price moves.

		BB-rated credit outperformed, reversing the trend of higher quality underperforming the market seen in 2016 and the first quarter. Our underweight positioning in higher-quality credit hurt performance.

		The Fund’s security selection in the industrial other, avoiding an issuer that went bankrupt, was positive for performance.

		Also adding to performance were market-beating returns in several pharmaceutical names we had viewed as undervalued.


	Looking ahead


		High-yield bonds have been on a remarkable run over the past 16 months, providing investors more than 2.5 times coupon returns over the bull market, driven by the global search for yield, stable economic and credit fundamentals, and increasingly positive views on commodities sectors.

		Volatility in individual sectors (energy and retail) will likely present opportunities to position opportunistically, and we see high yield as an extended sector that can continue to provide diversification and yield to a variety of portfolios.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: High Yield (A)




Fund Story: High Yield Fund


Presentation: High Yield Fund






Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - High Yield Fund


Product Guide

Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Supplemental Data Sheet - High Yield Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan High Yield Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares, 1.35% for R2 Shares, 0.70% for R5 Shares and 0.60% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2018 for A Shares, 10/31/2018 for C Shares, 10/31/2018 for I Shares, 10/31/2018 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2018 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index is comprised of fixed rate, non-investment grade debt securities that are dollar denominated and non-convertible. The index limits the maximum exposure to any one issuer to 2%. The performance of the Lipper High Yield Bond Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. Investments in derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments. They may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments. Many derivatives create leverage, which could lead to greater volatility and losses that significantly exceed the original investment.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.  Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 








American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Web - Pacholder High Yield Fund





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Pacholder High Yield Fund



pacholder high yield fund inc


phf stock


high yield stock funds


pacholder cincinnati


high yield report


phf
 





Ads


 


News Results



Cincinnati publicly traded fund liquidates - Cincinnati Business Courier

The Business Journals, 7/24/2017
Cincinnati’s only publicly traded investment fund has liquidated its assets. The Pacholder High Yield Fund, a nearly three-decade-old fund that invested in high-yield bonds, halted trading…



Weekly CEF Roundup: Saba Secures Tender Offers At Clough Funds

Seeking Alpha, 7/21/2017
CEF Roundup will be put out at the start of each week to summarize recent price movements in CEF sectors in the last week, as well as to highlight recently concluded or upcoming corporate…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc - Bloomberg.com


www.bloomberg.com/quote/PHF:US

Performance charts for Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.



Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Board Approval ...


finance.yahoo.com/…pacholder-high-yield-fund-inc...

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. announced today that the Board of Directors of the Fund approved the liquidation and dissolution of the Fund, subject to shareholder ...



Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.: Private Company ...


www.bloomberg.com/…/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.



PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC.


www.pacholder.com/…content/486/277/1323447654089...

_____PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC._____ Fund will commence or complete the tender offer on the terms described in this press release, or



Pacholder High Yield Fund Announces Information ... - Yahoo


finance.yahoo.com/…der-high-yield-fund-announces...

The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. announced today that it will close its share register books at the close of business on July 10, 2017 and that trading of the Fund ...



Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. - SEC.gov | Home


www.sec.gov/…/investment/noaction/2013/pacholder...

January 18, 2013 . Frank J. Nasta Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. 270 Park Avenue New York, NY 10017 . Re: Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (“Fund”)



| December 31, 2016 Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.


www.pacholder.com/…485/385/1224063411400_FS-PHY.pdf

FACTSHEET | December 31, 2016 Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Designedtogenerate a high level of current income through a diversified portfolio of high-yield debt ...



PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. New York, New York 10017


www.proxy-direct.com/…ts/28587/pacholder%20proxy...

PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017 Dear Shareholder: Important information regarding the annual shareholders meeting of the ...



PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. News Announcement For ...


am.jpmorgan.com/…m/1383453983942/83456/Pacholder...

PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. News Announcement For additional information contact: 1-877-217-9502 For Immediate Release May 16, 2017 Pacholder High Yield Fund ...



Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF) Earns Daily News Sentiment ...


www.chaffeybreeze.com/…pacholder-high-yield-fund...

News stories about Pacholder High Yield Fund (NYSE:PHF) have been trending positive this week, according to Accern Sentiment. The research firm identifies ...



Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc - AMEX:PHF - Stock Quote ...


www.thestreet.com/quote/PHF.html

View detailed financial information, real-time news, videos, quotes and analysis on Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (AMEX:PHF). Explore commentary on Pacholder High ...



Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Results Of ...


www.thestreet.com/…130096/1/pacholder-high-yield...

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") (NYSE MKT: PHF) held its 2017 Annual Shareholder Meeting today in New York City....PHF



PHF - Stock Quote and Charts for Pacholder High Yield Fund


ycharts.com/companies/PHF

Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF) stock quote, charts, historical data, financials. Pacholder High Yield Fund is a bond fund managed by JP Morgan Investment Mgmt Inc ...





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us





























Web - Pacholder High Yield Fund



























































 








Search Results from:





Web

Images 

Videos 

News 














 




        Did you mean: 
    



Ads
 





Are you looking for?



Ads


Pacholder High Yield Fund Articles


Understanding The Basics About High-Yield Bonds


www.knowzo.com/money/bonds/understanding-the-basics-about-high-yield-bonds/

Investing in high-yield bonds can prove to be beneficial if they work out well, but it can also be devastating to a portfolio if they fail. Before you decide to invest in a high-yield bond,…



Best Mutual Funds For Aggressive Investors


www.knowzo.com/money/mutual-funds/best-mutual-funds-for-aggressive-investors/

If you're investing a portion of your money into mutual funds and you'd like to see a little more movement in your returns it may be time to choose a more aggressive approach to your…



The Best Dividend Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)


www.knowzo.com/money/etfs/the-best-dividend-exchange-traded-funds-etf/

When it comes to the best dividend exchange traded funds (ETF), it can be difficult to put your finger on who is a front runner and who isn't.



Pacholder High Yield Fund News


Pacholder High Yield Fund Images


Pacholder High Yield Fund Videos
 


Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Ads



Are you looking for?







1
2
3
4
5
Next
















 








Search Results from:









About
•
Privacy Policy
•

Terms of Use

•

Contact Us

•
2017 SearchAll.com


























pacholder high yield fund - Free Downloads and Reviews - Search and AppsSearch & AppsAds related to: pacholder high yield fund High Yield Mutual Funds - High Yield Mutual Fundsreference.com/High Yield Mutual FundsFind High Yield Mutual Funds and Related Articles. Search Now!Browse EducationBrowse HealthBrowse FinanceBrowse Vehicles 13% Investor Yield 1st TD - High yield fundswww.AmericanPrivateMoneyGroup.comHigher Yields. Lower Risk. Secured. Free Servicing Trust Deeds 50%LTVAvailable Trust DeedsHow It WorksYield ComparisonLogin Investor Account High Yield Funds - High Yield Funds | shopping.netwww.shopping.net/High Yield FundsHigh Yield Funds for Sale. Find Our Lowest Possible Price! High Yield Funds - Search High Yield Funds. | simpli.comwww.simpli.com/High Yield FundsGet a wide range of information from across the web with Simpli.com.Related SearchesHigh Yield Stock FundsHigh Yield ReportAmex Hi YieldHigh Yield CompanyHi Yield CompanyWhat Is a PHFResults from the WebPacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.https://www.pacholder.com/blobcontent/453/354/1224063411400_FS-PHY.PDFFACTSHEET October 31, 2016 Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Fundoverview Designedtogenerate a high level of current income through a diversified portfolio of high ...Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc - Bloomberg.comhttps://www.bloomberg.com/quote/PHF:USPerformance charts for Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Board Approval ...https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pacholder-high-yield-fund-inc...Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. announced today that the Board of Directors of the Fund approved the liquidation and dissolution of the Fund, subject to shareholder ...Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.: Private Company ...https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC.https://www.pacholder.com/blobcontent/486/277/1323447654089..._____PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC._____ Fund will commence or complete the tender offer on the terms described in this press release, orPacholder High Yield Fund Announces Information ... - Yahoohttps://finance.yahoo.com/news/pacholder-high-yield-fund-announces...The Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. announced today that it will close its share register books at the close of business on July 10, 2017 and that trading of the Fund ...Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. - SEC.gov | Homehttps://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2013/pacholder...January 18, 2013 . Frank J. Nasta Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. 270 Park Avenue New York, NY 10017 . Re: Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (“Fund”)PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. New York, New York 10017https://www.proxy-direct.com/MeetingDocuments/28587/pacholder proxy...PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017 Dear Shareholder: Important information regarding the annual shareholders meeting of the ...PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. News Announcement For ...https://am.jpmorgan.com/blob-gim/1383453983942/83456/Pacholder...PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. News Announcement For additional information contact: 1-877-217-9502 For Immediate Release May 16, 2017 Pacholder High Yield Fund ...Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc declares $0.025 dividend ...https://seekingalpha.com/news/3267911-pacholder-high-yield-fund...Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF) declares $0.025/share monthly dividend, 44.4% decrease from prior dividend of $0.045. Forward yield 3.77% Payable May 31; fAds related to: pacholder high yield fund High Yield Mutual Funds - High Yield Mutual Fundsreference.com/High Yield Mutual FundsFind High Yield Mutual Funds and Related Articles. Search Now!Browse EducationSearch Answers on Colleges, K-12,Homework, Public Speaking and More.Browse FinanceFind Business Resources, Careers,Credit & Lending and More.Browse HealthSearch Conditions & Diseases,Dental Health, Exercise and More.Browse VehiclesFind More on Buying & Selling Cars,Car Parts, Maintenance and More. 13% Investor Yield 1st TD - High yield fundswww.AmericanPrivateMoneyGroup.comHigher Yields. Lower Risk. Secured. Free Servicing Trust Deeds 50%LTVAvailable Trust DeedsYield ComparisonHow It WorksLogin Investor Account High Yield Funds - High Yield Funds | shopping.netwww.shopping.net/High Yield FundsHigh Yield Funds for Sale. Find Our Lowest Possible Price! High Yield Funds - Search High Yield Funds. | simpli.comwww.simpli.com/High Yield FundsGet a wide range of information from across the web with Simpli.com. Pacholder High Yield Fund - Search Pacholder High Yield Fundwww.searchall.com/Pacholder High Yield FundSearch for Pacholder High Yield Fund With 100's of Results at SearchAllRelated SearchesHigh Yield Stock FundsHigh Yield ReportAmex Hi YieldHigh Yield CompanyHi Yield CompanyWhat Is a PHFYou May Also LikeShow more »About CBS Interactive | Privacy Policy  | Ad Choice  | Terms of Use  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.Related SearchesHigh Yield Stock FundsHigh Yield CompanyHigh Yield ReportHi Yield CompanyAmex Hi YieldWhat Is a PHFPHF StockPhf17




pacholder fund inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images



Web Results

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Board Approval ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pacholder-high-yield-fund-inc...


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. announced today that the Board of Directors of the Fund approved the liquidation and dissolution of the Fund, subject to shareholder ...


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc.

https://www.pacholder.com/blobcontent/453/354/1224063411400_FS-PHY.PDF


FACTSHEET October 31, 2016 Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Fundoverview Designedtogenerate a high level of current income through a diversified portfolio of high ...


PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC.

https://www.pacholder.com/blobcontent/486/277/1323447654089...


_____PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC._____ Fund will commence or complete the tender offer on the terms described in this press release, or


Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc - AMEX:PHF - Stock Quote ...

https://www.thestreet.com/quote/PHF.html


View detailed financial information, real-time news, videos, quotes and analysis on Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (AMEX:PHF). Explore commentary on Pacholder High ...


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. - SEC.gov | Home

https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2013/pacholder...


January 18, 2013 . Frank J. Nasta Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. 270 Park Avenue New York, NY 10017 . Re: Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (“Fund”)


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. Announces Results Of ...

https://www.thestreet.com/story/14130096/1/pacholder-high-yield...


Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") (NYSE MKT: PHF) held its 2017 Annual Shareholder Meeting today in New York City....PHF


PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. New York, New York 10017

https://www.proxy-direct.com/MeetingDocuments/28587/pacholder proxy...


PACHOLDER HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. 270 Park Avenue New York, New York 10017 Dear Shareholder: Important information regarding the annual shareholders meeting of the ...


PHF : Summary for Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. - Yahoo ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PHF


View the basic PHF stock chart on Yahoo Finance. Change the date range, chart type and compare Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. against other companies.


Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc declares $0.025 dividend ...

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3267911-pacholder-high-yield-fund...


Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF) declares $0.025/share monthly dividend, 44.4% decrease from prior dividend of $0.045. Forward yield 3.77% Payable May 31; f


12345Next






Answers







Armenia Fund



Armenia Fund (full name "Hayastan" All-Armenian Fund, ) was established in 1994 in Los Angeles, California. Armenia Fund, Inc. is a 501(c)(3)...

more






United Givers Fund



-Bleckley United Givers Fund Inc. of Cochran, Georgia and United Givers Fund of Marshall County Inc. of Lewisburg, Tennessee. References...

more






Science Inc.



Science Inc. is a Los Angeles-based startup studio that develops, invests in, and acquires various businesses. Science invests more than money in young...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































