


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 













Insurance Quotes | Online Insurance Quotes | Insurance Quotes | Online Insurance Quotes | UsInsuranceOnline.com






















(844) 856-4373




















AutoQuotes
HealthQuotes
HomeQuotes
LifeQuotes
AnnuityQuotes


 






Start Comparing Rates within Minutes!


Start Comparing Rates within Minutes and you could save!
 
Zip Code 


 
Quote Type
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Long Term Care
Disability Insurance
Annuities
Group Insurance
Commercial Auto


 

START QUOTE NOW!




 









Compare Rates Within Minutes!


Complete 1 short quote formCompare rates from top insurersSave time & money!
 



 
















Auto
Health
Home
Life
Read More





















Insurance Quotes - Fast, Easy, And Free

            We make shopping for insurance quotes easy. With insurance plans changing all the time and costs increasing  constantly, getting the insurance coverage you need at
            affordable rates can be  a real challenge. Let us take the guesswork out of it by using our tool to get
            insurance quotes for FREE from top companies in just minutes.

Insurance Quotes For All Types of Insurance.
No  matter what type of insurance quotes you  are looking for, we have you covered. Simply fill out our short form to get  quotes and start comparing rates and 
            coverage to find exactly what you're  looking for. It only takes minutes before you have the insurance quotes you're  looking for and can start saving!
Before You Buy Insurance, Compare Competitive Quotes
Why spend your time calling licensed agents and getting  appointments to get a quote? We have them come to YOU to earn YOUR business by  putting away the sales pitch 
            and showing you quotes. When you come to our  website, you simply fill out the quick form so our system can match you up with  the appropriate agents in real-time to 
            get custom tailored insurance quotes within minutes.
Save Time with Online Insurance Quotes
Everyone needs the proper amount of insurance coverage, but does not have the time to spend shopping around for the right coverage at the  right price. 
            Online insurance quotes for auto  insurance, 
            health  insurance,
            life  insurance,
            home  insurance, and
            annuity quotes can save a person valuable time when they are shopping 
            for coverage. Learn  more about the value of free insurance quotes today!
        


Many people go online because they're looking for cheap insurance quotes.  Price is definitely a concern, but what you really need to evaluate is the  value you 
                    are getting for that price. There are many companies that will give  you free insurance quotes  online, but what you want is to find a company that will give 
                    you the  bottom line. You need to know what you are getting for that price. Cheap  insurance that offers you no real coverage is not really a value at all.
An effective way to compare insurance  quotes is 
                    to use our site, which offers a type of matchmaking service.  These companies will take your information and match you with companies that will contact you 
                    and help you purchase their products. When you do your  insurance quote comparison you get to talk to a real person. When you buy insurance online in  this 
                    manner it is still more convenient than driving all over town to meet with  insurance agents.
Getting insurance quotes does  not have to be a hassle. 
                    Getting a quote comparison can be done without leaving your home. Time is valuable and many people want to buy insurance online instead of making countless trips to 
                    visit different insurance agents.
When you want cheap insurance, quotes are plentiful.  You must consider what you will be sacrificing when you buy cheap insurance  based on price alone. You could be buying 
                    yourself nothing more than a huge  headache. Problems can range from bad customer service to a lack of coverage  that could cost you hundreds, even thousands, of dollars.
Buying insurance in reality is just taking steps towards  protecting your investments. Whether you are looking to compare online  insurance quotes or you 
                    want instant insurance quotes, remember that the things you are  insuring are some of the biggest investments you make in your life. When you insure your home,  
                    automobile, health and life you are protecting the most valuable things in your  life, thereby ensuring your financial  stability and protecting  your loved ones.
You should not have to chase down the best deal for your insurance needs. You are the customer and the insurance companies should be trying to earn your business. 
                    Being able to discuss your insurance needs with an agent over the telephone combines the service of having a personal agent with the convenience of shopping online.


Read More [+]









From Our Customers
Very satisfied with the results.
Michael Prischak
Cleveland, Ohio


Insurance Corner

10 states will sue over health care bill passage
Thu, 28 Feb 2013 — 10 states will sue over health care bill passagePosted on Mon, March 22, 2010news10 states will sue over health care bill... read more


2012 to go down as costly year for weather disasters
Thu, 28 Feb 2013 — 2012 to go down as costly year for weather disastersPosted on Thu, January 3, 2013news2012 to go down as costly year for... read more


Read More Articles






Find information and get free insurance quotes.


Health Insurance

Health insurance is there when you need it and never worth going without. A sudden health problem can never be predicted, so don't end up wishing 
                    you had health insurance but you didn't want to spend the money.


Auto Insurance

Whatever type of coverage you're looking for from liability to full coverage we can help you obtain multiple quotes. For anyone from high risk to 
                    good drivers, auto insurance is available for you, get your quotes now!


Life Insurance

You may think you'll always be here to take care of your loved ones and they may think the same. While nobody wishes a loss, it's best to be prepared.  
                    You don't want to leave your grieving loved ones with bills to add to the stress of every day life. We provide referrals to many life insurance agents 
                    who can offer many products to choose from.




Home Insurance

Homes come in many shapes and sizes; condos, duplexes, mobile homes, and more. Fortunately there is a specific home insurance plan that will cover every one of them.  
                Fill out our easy form to be on your way to the insurance you're looking for.


Annuity Resources

It's easy to be confused by all the different kinds of annuities. This is why we provided a list of resources and artices here on this site to explain the options 
                as well as a tool to get quotes and find the best choice for you.


Senior Health Insurance

If you're age 64 or older, you've probably already been talking about it. There are many things to learn about a Senior Health Insurance plans.  
                To explore your options, use our online services to get quotes from licensed agents.












Get Free Insurance Quotes and Save!
 
Zip Code 


 
Quote Type
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Long Term Care
Disability Insurance
Annuities
Group Insurance
Commercial Auto


 

START QUOTE NOW!




 




















Get More Quotes

Home
FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Affiliates
Insurance Leads





© 2005 - 2017 All Web Leads, Inc., all rights reserved.
All trademarks are the property of their respective holders. | 7300 FM 2222, Bldg. 2, Suite 100, Austin, TX 78730 | Phone: 512-279-3113































Professional Risk Insurance Products | Pacific Indemnity










































making your business life easier.








												get a quote
											












About Us
Transfer of CGU Insurance Limited business into Insurance Australia Limited
Pacific Indemnity Underwriting Solutions Pty Ltd, specialises in Professional Risk insurance (including Professional Indemnity Insurance, Malpractice Insurance, Information & Communication Technology Insurance and similar products).
In arranging this insurance, Pacific Indemnity is acting on behalf of the insurer, CGU Insurance Limited ABN 27 004 478 371 AFSL 238291.
What is happening?
CGU Insurance Limited ABN 27 004 478 371 has had its Federal Court of Australia Confirmation Hearing and has received approval to transfer all of its insurance into a related company Insurance Australia Limited ABN 11 000 016 722 (IAL) on the 1 August 2017. CGU’s application was one of seven happening at the same time, as separate IAG businesses are transferred into IAL.
Why is IAG doing this?
CGU is part of Insurance Australia Group Limited ABN 60 090 739 923 (IAG). Businesses within IAG currently have nine separate insurance licences. IAG is working to become a simpler, more efficient and agile business. Reducing the number of insurance licences we hold will help to achieve this, and will contribute to us providing a better service to customers.
What does this mean for our customers?
The proposed transfer will have no impact on our customers. The terms of your policy will not change after the transfer date other than IAL becoming the insurer under the policy; there will be no impact on claims; and your policies will continue to operate and be renewed in the same way.
How to find out more?
To find out more about the scheme:
• Visit IAG’s website at www.iag.com.au/licences to access key documents related to the scheme including a copy of the scheme summary, the scheme, notice of intention, and actuarial report on which the scheme is based.
• Email IAG at licences@iag.com.au
• Phone IAG’s information line on 1800 907 424
Do I need to do anything?
No, but if you wish to obtain further information about the Court hearing can be obtained using the contact information set out above.
Specialist and highly experienced team
Pacific Indemnity is a boutique underwriting agency specialising in professional risk insurance products.
Launched in September 2015, Pacific Indemnity is led by Jun Acance who is one of the industry’s most respected professional risk underwriters and is widely known for his expert underwriting knowledge having led the CGU Professional Risks business unit for over 15 years and having in excess of 25 years experience with professional risk insurance. Jun is supported by a team of highly skilled and experienced underwriters.
The quality of our Product and the security of our insurance partners and our service ensures a market leading offering

Above average product offering.
Market competitive rates. We pass on most of our efficiency savings achieved through use of technology for transacting business.

Better Service

Easy to deal with – We have designed our systems and our processes to facilitate ease and efficiency of transaction.
Fair and predictable claims management.

Better long-term outcomes

We will assist intermediaries and their insured clients to reduce their exposure through risk management education.
High quality financial security – the insurance products we offer are backed by quality security such as IAG with its ‘AA-‘ S&P Financial Strength Rating*

* As at August 2015 IAG rated as being ‘AA’ which is classified as ‘Very Strong’
Find out more


Our insurance products



Professional Indemnity
Pacific Indemnity's high quality economical service comes from our pure focus on professional risk insurance products and related product and insurance risk policies.
More info




Construction Professionals Professional Indemnity Cover
Specialist Professional Indemnity policy for construction professionals - including architects, engineers, surveyors etc
More info




Health Care Malpractice Cover
Specialist Professional Indemnity policy for health care professionals and institutions - excluding doctors
More info




Information & Communication Technology PI Cover
Specialist combined Professional Indemnity and Broadform Liability policy for Information and Communication Technology consultants
More info




Specific Project Design & Construction Policies
Specialist Professional Indemnity cover for Design and Construction contracts.
More info




Multi-Media Liability
Specialist Professional Indemnity cover for Multi-Media Services
More info




Public Liability
As a packaged product only for office based occupations
More info






















































[+] Feedback












	Chubb Insurance in the US from Chubb











 Home
                   About Chubb 
 









Overview
Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients.
Learn More




Business Structure
Chubb’s insurance businesses in North America serve clients ranging from the largest multinationals, mid-size companies and small businesses to high net worth individuals, middle-income consumers and farmers.
Learn More




Chubb's History
In January 2016, ACE Limited acquired the Chubb Corporation, creating the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurance company operating under the renowned Chubb name.
Learn More




Executive Leadership
Information on Chubb's executive leadership team.
Learn More




Claims and Loss Control Services
Chubb’s claims service is recognized around the world for its exceptional quality and dependability.
Learn More




Philanthropy
Chubb has a rich history of fostering philanthropic engagement in the communities where our employees live and work.
Learn More




Environment
At Chubb, we recognize our responsibility to provide solutions that help clients manage environmental risks, to reduce our own environmental impact, and to make meaningful contributions to environmental causes.
Learn More




Information Security and Privacy
Information security and privacy are top priorities for Chubb.  Chubb has taken a multidisciplinary and multi-faceted approach to protection of personal and corporate information.
Learn More
























































[+] Feedback












	About Chubb - Overview











 About Chubb
                   About Chubb 
 







Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. As an underwriting company, we assess, assume and manage risk with insight and discipline. We service and pay our claims fairly and promptly. We combine the precision of craftsmanship with decades of experience to conceive, craft and deliver the very best insurance coverage and service to individuals and families, and businesses of all sizes.
Chubb is also defined by its extensive product and service offerings, broad distribution capabilities, exceptional financial strength and local operations globally. The company serves multinational corporations, mid-size and small businesses with property and casualty insurance and risk engineering services; affluent and high net worth individuals with substantial assets to protect; individuals purchasing life, personal accident, supplemental health, homeowners, automobile and specialty personal insurance coverage; companies and affinity groups providing or offering accident and health insurance programs and life insurance to their employees or members; and insurers managing exposures with reinsurance coverage.
Chubb has more than $160 billion in assets and $35 billion of gross premiums written in 2016.  Chubb’s core operating insurance companies maintain financial strength ratings of AA from Standard & Poor’s and A++ from A.M. Best.
Chubb Limited, the parent company of Chubb, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: CB) and is a component of the S&P 500 index.
Chubb maintains executive offices in Zurich, New York, London and other locations, and employs approximately 31,000 people worldwide.

Learn more.

For more information on Chubb, view our corporate presentation.
View the Chubb Company Profile, a summary of the company’s financial strength, underwriting performance, product and geographic diversification, and more.










The Principles Behind Our Work
Watch as Chubb Chairman and CEO Evan Greenberg discusses the ideals that drive the new Chubb.



 



 



















































[+] Feedback












	Our History











 About Chubb
                   Our History  





Our History

In January 2016, ACE Limited acquired the Chubb Corporation, creating the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurance company operating under the renowned Chubb name.
The Chubb Corporation
The origins of the Chubb Corporation date back to 1882 when Thomas Caldecot Chubb and his son Percy opened their marine underwriting business in the seaport district of New York City. Having collected $1,000 from each of 100 prominent merchants to start their venture, they focused initially on insuring ships and cargoes.
The Chubbs were adept at turning risk into success, often by helping their policyholders prevent disasters before they occurred. By the turn of the century, Chubb had established strong relationships with the insurance agents and brokers who placed their clients’ business with Chubb underwriters.
Chubb & Son did not value size in itself but regarded it as a measure of what had been achieved. Upon the Company's 75th anniversary in 1957, Hendon Chubb — who had joined his older brother Percy in the firm in 1895 — noted, "I think there is perhaps a tendency in American business to overemphasize mere size, whereas to me it should be a by-product of a job well done."
ACE Limited
ACE Limited was established in 1985 in response to an availability crisis in the U.S. insurance marketplace for excess liability and directors and officers insurance coverage. Recognizing the need, a handful of forward-thinking pioneers helped form a consortium and pool the capital to create a new kind of insurance company. Those founding sponsors constituted an impressive list of 34 blue-chip companies from a broad range of industries, including health care, pharmaceuticals, manufacturing, transportation, utilities, oil and gas, banking and the automotive industry.
From its inception through the 1990s, ACE grew rapidly through product diversification, strategic partnerships and acquisition. A true turning point for ACE was its 1999 acquisition of Cigna Corporation’s international and domestic property and casualty business, the Insurance Company of North America (INA). The acquisition gave ACE an instant global network and simultaneously transferred INA’s 200-year history to the company.
In the following decade and beyond, ACE progressed on its path of growth and international expansion organically and via strategic acquisition. During that time, ACE fostered its reputation as a superior underwriting company that delivered exceptional service through an unparalleled global network.
By the time the company acquired Chubb in 2016, ACE had grown into a leading global insurer serving customers from the largest multinational companies to individuals and families around the world.
The New Chubb
Today, the new Chubb operates in 54 countries and provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients.
As an underwriting company, we assess, assume and manage risk with insight and discipline. We service and pay our claims fairly and promptly. We combine the precision of craftsmanship with decades of experience to conceive, craft and deliver the very best insurance coverage and service to individuals and families, and businesses of all sizes.


















































[+] Feedback












	Business Structure











 About Chubb
                   Business Structure  





Chubb's Business Structure

North America Insurance
Chubb’s insurance businesses in North America serve clients ranging from the largest multinationals, mid-size companies and small businesses to high net worth individuals, middle-income consumers and farmers. The company’s business units in North America are:

Major AccountsCommercial Property and Casualty (P&C) insurance products for the large corporate market sold by retail brokers
Commercial InsuranceCommercial P&C insurance products for middle market companies sold by independent agents and retail brokers
Small CommercialP&C insurance products for small commercial clients sold by independent agents and retail brokers
Personal Risk ServicesPersonal lines coverage, including home, auto, valuables, umbrella and recreational marine insurance, for high net worth individuals and families sold by independent agents
WestchesterCommercial P&C excess and surplus lines sold through wholesale brokers
Chubb BermudaLiability, property, political risk coverages and captive programs sold by large international brokers
AgricultureCrop insurance from Rain and Hail and farm and other P&C coverages, sold by agents and brokers
Combined InsurancePersonal accident and supplemental health insurance coverages sold by captive agents

Overseas General Insurance Chubb’s international general insurance operations comprise two major businesses: one with distribution through retail brokers in five regions of the world and the other an excess and surplus (E&S) lines business with distribution through brokers in the London wholesale market and Lloyd’s. The company’s business units are:
International Commercial P&C, Accident and Health (A&H) and traditional and specialty personal lines sold by retail brokers, agents and other channels in five regions:

Europe Operations in the U.K. and 18 other countries comprised of P&C commercial lines and consumer lines, including A&H and specialty personal lines
Asia Pacific Operations in 14 countries — six with both life and non-life operations — serving commercial customers and consumers with P&C, A&H and personal lines
Latin America Operations in nine nations serving commercial customers with P&C products and consumers through A&H and personal lines
Far East Operations in Japan serving commercial customers with P&C products and consumers through A&H and personal lines
Eurasia and Africa Operations in nine countries serving commercial customers with P&C products and consumers through A&H and personal lines

Chubb Global Markets Commercial P&C excess and surplus lines and A&H sold by wholesale brokers in the London market and through Lloyd’s
Global Reinsurance Marketing its coverage worldwide under the Chubb Tempest Re brand, the businesses of Global Reinsurance provide a broad range of property and casualty reinsurance products to a diverse array of primary insurers
Life Insurance Chubb Life provides traditional life insurance protection and savings products to meet the needs of individuals and groups primarily in Asia and Latin America


















































[+] Feedback












	Executive Leadership in the U.S. - Chubb











 About Chubb
                   Executive Leadership  








Group Executives
Learn More




U.S. Executive Profiles


















































[+] Feedback












	Claims











 About Chubb
                 Claims and Loss Control Services 





Chubb’s claims service is recognized around the world for its exceptional quality and dependability.

We maintain a reputation for fairness and integrity by treating every customer and business partner as we would want to be treated – from policy issuance to claim settlement.
Our clients buy a promise from us, so when a loss occurs we strive to make a difficult situation as positive as possible. Our claims professionals work to pay all covered claims fairly and promptly, while navigating through coverage terms and complex laws and regulations.
We have vast experience and expertise in managing personal and commercial exposures. For more than 70 years, Chubb commercial risk engineers and residential risk consulting services have helped customers minimize loss potential. In addition, specialized appraisers help personal insurance customers safeguard their homes, possessions and families.
And if there is a loss event, whether it’s an individual with a $200 travel insurance claim or a corporation with a $20 million casualty claim, we aim to deliver an experience with a consistently superior level of service and satisfaction.









 







PACIFIC INDEMNITY COMPANY v. HEAT TRANSFER PRODUCTS INC































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










May 11, 2011
PACIFIC INDEMNITY COMPANY v. HEAT TRANSFER PRODUCTS INC



Track this case


Case Number:
1:11-cv-00192
Court:
Maine
Nature of Suit:
Prop. Damage Prod. Liability
Judge:
NANCY TORRESEN
Firms

Friedman Gaythwaite
Germani Martemucci
Norman Hanson
Richardson Whitman








View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















Professional Risk Insurance Products | Pacific Indemnity | Pacific Indemnity















































Products

Pacific Indemnity’s efficient and quality service comes from our focus on professional and related risk insurance policies. Our specialist insurance portfolio includes:


Professional Indemnity





Persons and companies who provide advice or service of a specialised nature, whether for a fee or not, are required by law to provide that service or advice with due care and skill so as not to cause their client or a third party loss, damage or injury. If they do cause loss damage or injury then the aggrieved client or third party may make a claim to recover or be indemnified for that loss, damage or injury.
Professional indemnity insurance provides cover to pay any such claims on behalf of the insured. In addition, the insurance will provide cover for legal and other costs incurred in investigating and defending such claims.




This product is ideal for:

Accounting and Financial services professionals
Health care service professionals and institutions
Legal service professionals
Real Estate and Property professionals
Agricultural, Horticultural and veterinary Services professionals
Education services professionals
Insurance services professionals
Architectural, Engineering and Surveying services professionals
Information and computer technology professionals
All other professional service professionals



Download relevant documents:

Professional Indemnity Policy Wording (PIUS PI 1215)
Professional Indemnity and Broadform Liability Policy Wording (PIUS PIBL 1215)
Professional Indemnity Summary of Cover
Professional Indemnity Proposal Form
Accountants PI Proposal Addendum
EPL Optional Extension Proposal Addendum
Finance-Mortgage Brokers PI Proposal Addendum
Management Consultants PI Proposal Addendum
Owners Corporation Professional Indemnity Proposal Form
Real Estate Agents PI Proposal Addendum
Recruitment Consultants PI Proposal Addendum
Travel Agents PI Proposal Addendum





Health Care Malpractice Cover





Health care practitioners and institutions have a legal duty to provide the health care services they offer with due care and skill so as not to cause their patient, damage or injury. If they do cause damage or injury then the aggrieved patient may make a claim to recover for that damage or injury.
Health Care malpractice insurance is a specialised professional indemnity policy that provides cover to pay any such claims on behalf of the insured. In addition, the insurance will provide cover for legal and other costs incurred in investigating and defending such claims.




Download relevant documents:

Healthcare Malpractice Liability Policy Wording (PIUS MAL 1215)
Healthcare Malpractice and Broadform Liability Policy Wording (PIUS MALBL 1215)
Healthcare Professionals Summary of Cover
Medical Malpractice Insurance Proposal Form
Nursing Homes Malpractice Proposal Addendum





Information & Communication Technology Combined Liability Cover





Persons and companies who provide specialist Information and Communication Technology advice or services are required by law to provide those services or advice with due care and skill so as not to cause their client or a third party loss, damage or injury. If they do cause loss damage or injury then the aggrieved client or third party may make a claim to recover or be indemnified for that loss, damage or injury.
Information and Communication Technology insurance is a specialised professional indemnity insurance policy that provides cover to pay any such claims on behalf of the insured. In addition, the insurance will provide cover for legal and other costs incurred in investigating and defending such claims




Download relevant documents:

Information and Communication Technology Combined Liability Policy Wording (PIUS ICT 1215)
Information and Communication Technology Combined Liability Policy Summary of Cover
Information and Communication Technology Combined Liability Form
Information and Communication Technology Proposal Addendum





Construction Professionals Professional Indemnity Cover





Construction Professionals and companies who provide professional services or advice are required by law to provide those services or advice with due care and skill so as not to cause their client or a third party loss, damage or injury. If they do cause loss damage or injury then the aggrieved client or third party may make a claim to recover or be indemnified for that loss, damage or injury.
We offer a specialist professional indemnity policy which is tailored for construction professionals such as architects, engineers and surveyors. This policy provides cover to pay any such claims on behalf of the insured. In addition, the insurance will provide cover for legal and other costs incurred in investigating and defending such claims




Download relevant documents:

Construction Professionals Professional Indemnity Policy Wording (PIUS CON 1215)
Construction Professionals Professional Indemnity and Broadform Liability Policy Wording (PIUS CONBL 1215)
Professional Indemnity Construction Summary of Cover
Architects & Surveyors Proposal Form
Engineers Proposal Form
Design and Construct Proposal Form
Building Surveyors PI Proposal Addendum
Geologists PI Proposal Addendum
SME Engineers Proposal Form





Construction Projects (D&C) Professional Indemnity Policy





Contractors undertaking large projects - including infrastructure projects - are often required to undertake the project under a design and construct contract. While the contractor my be responsible under the contract for the design, the design may in fact be undertaken by external professional engineering consultants on behalf of the contractor, or the contractor may have an internal design department or the design may have already been undertaken for the client and the contract requires that design contract to be 'novated' to the contractor. Notwithstanding the method the contractor will inevitably be required to effect professional indemnity insurance for the design and to maintain that for the construction period and for a period following completion of the construction. Inevitably a multi-year specific project professional indemnity policy will be required.




Download relevant documents:

Construction Projects Professional Indemnity Policy Wording (PIUS D&C 1215)
Design and Construct Proposal Form





Multi-Media Liability





Communications & publication media now takes many new forms, beyond the traditional newspapers, books, magazines, radio & TV. Modern technology brings us publication risks from the internet and its derivative applications including digital broadcasting. These add significantly greater liability risk due predominantly to the significantly increased size of the audience. In addition the risk is increased due to the greater number of legal jurisdictions in which action can be commenced, as a result of the fact that defamation (and arguably intellectual Property breach) occurs where the publication is accessed - which, in the case of internet publication, can be anywhere in the world.
Replacing traditionally issued Defamation insurance policies, the Pacific Indemnity Multi-Media policy has been developed in the style of a Civil Liability Professional Indemnity policy - providing broad cover under the operative clause - including breach of professional duty (for the content of the publications), breach of confidentiality, breach of privacy, defamation and many other risks. In addition the policy offers automatic extensions including Withdrawal of Content and cover for Misleading and Deceptive Conduct Breaches (under the ASIC Act and the Competition and Consumer Act and the states Fair Trading Acts).




Download relevant documents:

Multi-Media Liability Policy (PIUS MML 0416)
Multi-Media Liability Proposal Form





Public Liability





Apart from a professional duty of care, everyone has a general duty of care to others to conduct their affairs so as not to cause loss, damage or injury to others by what they do or fail to do. Claims arising from a breach of this general duty of care are covered under a public liability policy.
For professional service professionals who principally operate from an office environment we are able to offer a broadform public and products liability cover in conjunction with a professional indemnity policy.




Download relevant documents:

Broadform Liability Proposal Addendum














						get a quote
					



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	
            OCI
            
            
            Proposed Acquisition of Control of Pacific Indemnity Company
            
        
















































































                            Turn on more accessible mode
                        



                            Turn off more accessible mode
                        
























Wisconsin Office of the
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    


Commissioner of Insurance
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    








Twitter
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    











Toggle navigation 
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        


 Menu                                                                                                                                                                         







Consumers
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                


Agents/Agencies
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                


Companies
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                


Regulation
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                


Funds
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                


About OCI
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                


Contact Us
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                























Search Office of the Commissioner of Insurance
                                        





Go
                                                













                        
                        
                        Proposed Acquisition of Control of Pacific Indemnity Company
                        
                    




Content_Area1

​​​​​​​​​Last Updated: October 28, 2015Information on the Proposed Acquisition of Control of Pacific Indemnity Company (Wisconsin Domestic Insurer) by ACE Limited (ACE), ACE Group Holdings, Inc. (ACE Group Holdings), and ACE INA Holdings Inc. (ACE INA) [Collectively, the Applicant]On August 14, 2015, the Applicant filed a plan to acquire control of Pacific Indemnity Company, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement by and between ACE Limited and The Chubb Corporation (Chubb) (the ultimate parent company of the Wisconsin Domestic Insurer) dated June 30, 2015.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Applicant will acquire all outstanding shares of Chubb for a combination of cash and stock valued at $28.3 billion (or approximately $124.13 per Chubb share).ACE is a publicly traded Swiss-domiciled international holding company and the ultimate parent company of the ACE group. Through its insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries, ACE serves commercial and individual customers in more than 170 countries. The group offers commercial insurance products, specialized insurance products (e.g., aviation and energy), personal lines products, as well as other services (such as risk management). The group also offers personal accident, supplemental health, and life products to individuals in select countries. ACE Group Holdings and ACE INA are Delaware-domiciled holding company subsidiaries of ACE.The Chubb Corporation is a publicly traded New Jersey holding company and the ultimate parent company of the Chubb group. Through its subsidiaries, Chubb is one of the leading providers of property and casualty insurance in the United States. Globally, the group serves customers in 26 countries, with operations distributed throughout North America, Europe, South America, and the Pacific Rim.Pacific Indemnity Company is a Wisconsin-domiciled stock property and casualty insurer and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of The Chubb Corporation. Pacific Indemnity is licensed in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia.
Notations on Accessing InformationFinancial information concerning individual insurance companies, including key annual statement pages, may be accessed on the Consumers Information Source section of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' Web site at http://www.naic.org/cis/.
Form A and Exhibits, Filed with the Wisconsin OCI on August 14, 2015
​Exhibit A: Form A Cover Letter to Kristin Forsberg of the Wisconsin Office of the Commissioner of Insurance​
Exhibit A-1: Form A - Acquisition of Control of Pacific Indemnity Company
Exhibit A-2: Consent to Jurisdiction
Exhibit 1: Merger Agreement dated June 30, 2015
Exhibit 2-A: Pre-Transaction Organizational Chart of the ACE Group
Exhibit 2-B: Post-Transaction Organizational Chart of the ACE Group
Exhibit 3: Directors and Executive Officers of the Applicant; Biographical Affidavits [Redacted]
Exhibit 4: Transaction Funding Sources and Flows
Exhibit 5: Business Plan and 3-Year Financial Projections for Pacific Indemnity [Redacted]
Exhibit 6: Pacific Indemnity Statutory Financial Statements (2012 - 2014)
Exhibit 7: ACE Group Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (2010 - 2014)
Exhibit 8: ACE Group Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (Q1 & Q2 2015)
Exhibit 9: Chubb's Annual Report to Shareholders (2013 & 2014)
Exhibit 10: ACE's Annual Report to Shareholders (2013 & 2014)
Wisconsin OCI Form A Follow-up Letters
Exhibit B-1: WI OCI Form A follow-up letter #1, dated 9/1/15
Exhibit B-2: WI OCI Form A follow-up letter #2 dated 9/22/15
Applicant Response Letters and Attachments​
Exhibit B-1-1: Applicant's 9-18-15 response to WI OCI's follow-up letter #1 [Redacted]
Exhibit B-2-1: Applicant's 9-30-15 response to WI OCI's follow-up letter #2 [Redacted]
Wisconsin OCI Recommendation Memo
Exhibit C-1: OCI Recommendation Memorandum dated 10-8-15
Hearing Documents​
Exhibit D-1: Notice of Hearing - Case No. 15-C40897
Exhibit D-2: List of Hearing Exhibits - Case No. 15-C40897
Final Decision​
Exhibit E-1: Final Decision - Case No. 15-C40897​















Street Address
                                            
                                            
                                            


125 South Webster St.
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    


 Madison, WI 53703                                                                                                                                                








(608) 266-3585                                                                                                                                                





Contact Us                                                                                                                                                





Mailing Address
                                            
                                            
                                            

PO Box 7873
                                            
                                            
                                            
Madison, WI 53707-7873
                                            
                                            
                                            

 OCI Complaints
                                            
                                            
                                            






1-800-236-8517                                                                                                                                                





Policies/Records
                                            
                                            
                                            


Disclaimer
                                                
                                                
                                                


Access to Public Records
                                                
                                                
                                                


Support
                                                
                                                
                                                




































Pacific Indemnity Company                                                                                                - Los Angeles                                       , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Los Angeles



Insurance Agents, Brokers, and Service



Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service



                            Pacific Indemnity Company
                                    



 





















P 


Pacific Indemnity Company                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



555 S FLOWER ST STE 300 LOS ANGELES, CA 90071
Get Directions



(213) 622-2334
www.chubb.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 2016
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $64,884,038.00
 Employee Count 300
 Industries Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service
 Contacts John Fennigan                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Pacific Indemnity Company                                                                                                is located at 555 S Flower St Ste 300 in Los Angeles and has been in the business of Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service since 2016. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















PACIFIC INDEM. CO. v. WHA | 572 F.Supp.2d 626 (2008) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.Supp.2d
572 F.Supp.2d
572 F.Supp.2d 626 (2008)



					 
				




								PACIFIC INDEM. CO. v. WHALEY
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Civil No. JFM 07-826.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




572 F.Supp.2d 626 (2008)


PACIFIC INDEMNITY COMPANY, As subrogee of Antoine and Emily van Agtmael, Plaintiff,
v.
Clay H. WHALEY, individually d/b/a C.H. Whaley & Son, Inc., Defendant.
Clay H. Whaley, individually d/b/a C.H. Whaley & Son, Inc., Third-Party Plaintiff
v.
Compton & Sons, Third-Party Defendant.


United States District Court, D. Maryland.
August 25, 2008.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Thomas M. Wood, IV, Neuberger Quinn Gielen Rubin and Gibber PA, Baltimore, MD, Sean P. O'Donnell, Cozen and O'Connor, Philadelphia, PA, for Pacific Indemnity Company.
Robert Leigh Hebb, Eric Michael Leppo, Semmes Bowen and Semmes PC, Baltimore, MD, for Clay H. Whaley.
Betty Sue Diener, Marks O'Neill O'Brien and Courtney PC, Towson, MD, for Compton & Sons.





MEMORANDUM OPINION
J. FREDERICK MOTZ, District Judge.
In a Memorandum Opinion I issued on June 16, 2008, I denied third-party defendant Compton & Sons' motion for summary judgment. Pac. Indem. Co. v. Whaley, 560 F.Supp.2d 425, 427 (D.Md.2008). Compton & Sons ("Compton") has moved for me to reconsider two of my conclusions: (1) that the economic loss doctrine does not shield Compton from tort liability; and (2) that third-party plaintiff Whaley's indemnification claim must survive summary judgment because plaintiff Pacific Indemnity Company's complaint did not specifically allege that Whaley was actively negligent.1 (Compton Mem. at 2-4). For  the reasons that follow, I will deny Compton's motion for reconsideration.
I.
The economic loss doctrine "prohibits a plaintiff from recovering in tort for purely economic losses—losses that involve neither a clear danger of physical injury or death, nor damage to property other than the product itself." Morris v. Osmose Wood Preserving, 340 Md. 519, 667 A.2d 624, 630 (1995). The Maryland Court of Appeals has further explained that "[e]conomic losses include such things as the loss of value or use of the product itself, the cost to repair or replace the product, or the lost profits resulting from the loss of use of the product."2 A.J. Decoster Co. v. Westinghouse Electric Corp., 333 Md. 245, 634 A.2d 1330, 1332 (1994).
In my June 16 Memorandum Opinion, I concluded that the "product" that Compton was providing was the replacement of the van Agtmaels' roof, and thus that the economic loss doctrine does not shield Compton from tort liability because the physical damage in the instant case was to property other than the roof under construction. Pac. Indem. Co., 560 F.Supp.2d at 430 n. 6. Compton argues that I erred in reaching this conclusion, contending that the "product" was the van Agtmaels' entire house, and thus that "all of the damages in the [instant] case are economic loss damages, including but not limited to the roof, the walls, the ceilings, the floors, the utilities, and the contents." (Compton's Mot. for Recons. at 1.)
A.
The majority of the Maryland cases that have addressed the economic loss doctrine are not helpful in resolving whether the damages in the instant case constitute property damage or economic loss, because in those cases there clearly had been no property damage.3 In Decoster, however,  the Maryland Court of Appeals did address whether the damages sought constituted property damage or economic loss. Decoster, 634 A.2d at 1333. The plaintiff, a commercial chicken and egg producer, had suffered loss of more than 140,000 chickens as a result of a power failure that interrupted the power supply to the ventilation system in plaintiffs chicken houses. Id. at 1331. Plaintiff filed suit against the manufacturer of the allegedly defective transfer switch, which had failed to activate the emergency backup power system. Id. The court explained that "[u]nder Whiting-Turner, Decoster's ability to pursue an action in tort against Westinghouse for the loss of its chickens turns upon whether its damages are considered physical harm or economic losses and, if the latter, whether the defective switch caused a dangerous condition creating a risk of death or personal injury to humans." Id. at 1333. The court concluded that it
need not reach the second part of this determination, because the death of the chickens is a loss of physical property, rather than economic loss. Decoster does not seek to recover for the loss of value of the switch, or its replacement or repair costs. Nor does it seek recovery of lost profits from its diminished egg production. These are all economic losses. Instead, Decoster seeks only the replacement of property that was damaged by the alleged defectiveness of the product manufactured by Westinghouse.
Id.
Similarly, in National Coach Works of Virginia v. Detroit Diesel Corp., 128 F.Supp.2d 821, 831 (D.Md.2001), Judge Blake of this court held that, under Maryland law, the purchaser of a bus could recover in tort from the manufacturer of the bus engine for damage to the bus after the bus's engine caught fire and destroyed the bus. The court held that although the economic loss doctrine barred recovery for the engine itself because it was the "defective product," Maryland law "plainly permit[ted]" recovery for "other property" damaged by the engine, including the bus. Id. The court relied on the Maryland Court of Appeals' holding in Decoster, and the fact that the United States Supreme Court, in Saratoga Fishing Co. v. J.M. Martinac & Co., 520 U.S. 875, 880, 117 S.Ct. 1783, 138 L.Ed.2d 76 (1997), had cited Decoster for the principle that while recovery in tort is not permitted for damage to the defective item itself, recovery in tort is permitted for damage to "items added to or used in conjunction with a defective item. . . ."4 Id.
 B.
As Compton correctly points out, the above Maryland case law does not directly address whether a house and its contents are considered "other property" for purposes of determining whether an allegedly negligent roof contractor is liable in tort for damages to them. (Compton Reply at 11.) For this reason, Compton contends that "Maryland law is ripe for a decision that would broaden the scope of what would be considered economic loss" by following what Compton submits is the "modern trend" in economic loss doctrine jurisprudence: precluding tort liability where damage to "other property" was "foreseeable" or where the damaged "other property" was "part of an integrated system." (Compton Reply at 3; Compton Mem. at 5-13.)
In support of the "foreseeability" approach, Compton cites the Eighth and Sixth Circuits for the rule that "tort remedies are unavailable for property damage experienced by the owner where the damage was a foreseeable result of a defect at the time the parties contractually determined their respective exposure to risk, regardless whether the damage was to the `goods' themselves or to `other property.'" Dakota Gasification Co. v. Pascoe Bldg. Sys., 91 F.3d 1094, 1099 (8th Cir.1996); see also Detroit Edison Co. v. NABCO, Inc., 35 F.3d 236 (6th Cir.1994) (applying the economic loss doctrine because it was foreseeable to the parties to the contract that pipes conveying high-pressure steam could explode, and that such an explosion would damage equipment surrounding the pipes).
In support of the "integrated system" approach, Compton cites federal district court opinions for the rule that "damage by a defective component of an integrated system to either the system as a whole or other system components is not damage to `other property.'" Superior Kitchen Designs, Inc. v. Valspar Indus. (U.S.A.), Inc., 263 F.Supp.2d 140, 145 (D.Mass.2003); see also Myrtle Beach Pipeline Corp. v. Emerson Elec. Co., 843 F.Supp. 1027, 1057 (D.S.C.1993) ("[If] the other property is merely a component part of the overall product itself[,] ... courts uniformly hold that the economic loss doctrine precludes recovery in tort against the manufacturer of the component because the component is integrated into the whole product and the purchaser bargained for the whole product, not merely a component of it."). Compton also cites as support the Maryland Court of Special Appeals' opinion in Pulte Home Corp. v. Parex, Inc., 174 Md.App. 681, 923 A.2d 971, 1004 (Md.Ct. Spec.App.2007), aff'd, 403 Md. 367, 942 A.2d 722 (2008). In that case, plaintiff contended that the allegedly defective synthetic stucco exterior barrier product in the walls of homes caused damage not just to itself but also to the "substrate," to which it was attached, which consisted of "sheathing and framing." Pulte, 923 A.2d at 1003. The Court of Special Appeals upheld the trial court's rejection of plaintiffs argument, agreeing that the barrier product was "part of an `integrated whole'—a completed home—when the damage occurred, and the damage was, thus, a `harm to the product itself.'" Id. at 1004.
 I am not persuaded, however, that the Maryland courts would apply the "foreseeability" or the "integrated system" approach to the instant case. Other than Pulte, Compton has cited no case in which Maryland has adopted either of these approaches. Further, neither approach can be reconciled with the precise distinctions between the "product" and "other property" drawn by the Maryland Court of Appeals in Decoster and Judge Blake in National Coach.5 As for Pulte, the Maryland Court of Special Appeals reasonably concluded that in the sale of a new home, the barrier product was part of an integrated whole with the "sheathing and framing" of the home. 923 A.2d at 1003-04. In contrast, here, Compton's construction work on the van Agtmaels' already existing home was specifically limited to the roof, and thus can be far more easily distinguished as the "defective product" from the "other property" in the house, including the house's walls, interior ceilings, floors, utilities, and contents.
C.
Compton also cites case law applying the economic loss doctrine in defective roofing scenarios in support of its position. (Compton Reply at 6-8.) Two of the cases Compton cites are clearly distinguishable from the instant case. First, in Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp. v. Johns-Manville Sales Corp., 626 F.2d 280, 288-90 (3d Cir. 1980), the court held that, under Illinois law, plaintiff steel mill could not recover in strict tort liability for a defective roof. However, unlike in the instant case, plaintiff sought only economic loss damages "for the failure of the product [the defective roof] to perform as it was expected, as distinguished from injuries to persons or other property caused by a defect in the product." Id. at 284. Second, in Citizens Insurance Co. v. Osmose Wood Preserving, Inc., 231 Mich.App. 40, 585 N.W.2d 314, 317 (1998), the court held that the economic loss doctrine applied to preclude liability for damages to real and business property as a result of the collapse of a defective roof. The court explained: "Unlike some jurisdictions, the economic loss doctrine applies in Michigan even when the plaintiff is seeking to recover for property other than the product itself." Id. at 316. Because Michigan law on this issue stands in direct contrast to Maryland law, it is of no help in determining whether the van Agtmaels' house was "other property."
At first glance, another case cited by Compton, Chicago Heights Venture v. Dynamit Nobel of America, Inc., 782 F.2d 723, 729 (7th Cir.1986), provides support for its position. There, the Seventh Circuit  held that, under Illinois law, defendant was shielded from tort liability for damage to other parts of the building caused by the lack of adequate roofing. Relying on Jones & Laughlin, the Seventh Circuit recognized that in that case the plaintiff "did not seek damages for any injury to property other than the roof itself." Id. However, the Seventh Circuit "believe[d]" that this distinction-that the plaintiff in Jones & Laughlin requested only damages for injury to the product while the plaintiff in Chicago Heights Venture requested damages for injury to the other property-would not be considered "legally significant" to the Illinois courts. Id. To the contrary, in United Air Lines, Inc. v. CEI Industries of Illinois, Inc., 148 Ill.App.3d 332, 102 Ill.Dec. 1, 499 N.E.2d 558, 563 (Ill.App.Ct.1986), the Illinois Appeals Court expressly held such a distinction was legally dispositive. The court held that, under Illinois law, a warehouse owner could recover in tort for damage to a building caused by a defective roof because United "suffer[ed] damages to property other than the defective product as a result of the water leakage defect in the roof which caused the sudden and violent collapse of its interior ceiling upon its walls, furniture and furnishings. United has thus made a showing of harm above and beyond disappointed expectations."6 Id.
For these reasons, I am not persuaded that any of the case law Compton cites provides guidance as to what is "other property" for purposes of the economic loss doctrine in defective roof scenarios under Maryland law.7
D.
In light of the Maryland Court of Appeals' decision in Decoster and Judge Blake's decision in National Coach, I conclude that, under Maryland law, the economic loss doctrine does not shield Compton from tort liability for damages to the van Agtmael's house and its contents, with the exception of the roof itself. Compton was allegedly negligent in replacing the van Agtmaels' roof, and thus is potentially responsible for all damage to "other property" resulting from that negligence, including damage to the house's walls, interior ceilings, floors, utilities, and contents. As I stated in my June 16, 2008 Memorandum Opinion, a subcontractor performing  work owes "[a]t least reasonable care and precautions. . . ." See Pac. Indem. Co., 560 F.Supp.2d at 430 n. 6 (quoting Klein v. Dougherty, 200 Md. 22, 87 A.2d 821, 825 (1952)). In Klein, the court held that defendant subcontractors were liable under tort law for smoke damage caused by their negligent installation of a furnace smoke pipe into a chimney, because "[n]either of [the subcontractors] exercised such care as a qualified person would ordinarily have exercised under the circumstances of this case." Klein, 87 A.2d at 824-25. For this reason, and the reasons above, I conclude that if Compton is found to have been negligent, it is responsible in tort for damage to property other than the van Agtmaels' roof itself.
II.
As to Whaley's indemnification claim, Compton argues again that it should be dismissed "because Whaley committed active negligence, and the plaintiffs complaint alleges active negligence with respect to Whaley." (Compton Mem. at 14.) As I stated in my June 16 Memorandum Opinion, neither of these contentions is accurate. Under Maryland law, if the conduct attributed to the party seeking indemnification in the original plaintiffs complaint constitutes active negligence, or if it is clear from the complaint that this party's liability would only arise from proof of active negligence, then there is no valid claim for indemnity. Kelly v. Fullwood Foods, Inc., 111 F.Supp.2d 712, 714 (D.Md.2000). Pacific Indemnity Company's complaint alleges that the damage to the van Agtmael's property "was caused by the negligence . . . of defendant Whaley. . . and/or [his] subcontractors . . . ." (Compl. ¶ 18.) The conduct attributed to Whaley in the complaint does not constitute active negligence because the complaint specifically leaves open the possibility that Compton was the actively negligent party. Accordingly, Whaley's liability could arise from proof of passive negligence. Further, there is a genuine dispute on the summary judgment record as to whether Whaley and/or Compton were negligent, and, if so, whether their negligence was active or passive. See Pac. Indem. Co., 560 F.Supp.2d at 431-32. For these reasons, I held and continue to hold that Whaley's indemnification claim must survive summary judgment. Id.
For the foregoing reasons, I deny Compton's motion for reconsideration. A separate order to that effect is being entered herewith.
ORDER
For the reasons stated in the accompanying Memorandum Opinion, it is, this 25th day of August 2008
ORDERED
Compton & Sons' motion for reconsideration is denied.


FootNotes 
1. Compton also requests that I reconsider my conclusion that Compton owes a tort duty to the van Agtmaels. (Compton Mem. at 3.) In my June 16, 2008 Memorandum Opinion, I cited the following language for the Maryland rule that contractual privity is not required to establish a tort duty: "`The requirement of privity of contract has been abandoned as a basis for recovery by third parties for physical harm to themselves and tangible things against those who negligently supply, repair, or construct things so as to leave them in an unreasonably dangerous condition.'" See Pac. Indem. Co., 560 F.Supp.2d at 430 n. 6 (quoting Council of Co-Owners Atlantis Condo., Inc. v. Whiting-Turner Contracting Co., 308 Md. 18, 517 A.2d 336, 341 (1986)). As Compton correctly points out, no unreasonably dangerous condition existed in the instant case. However, I had meant this citation only for purposes of making clear that contractual privity is not required to establish a tort duty. I should have also cited, the following language from the same case: "In following the modern trend, we hold that privity is not an absolute prerequisite to the existence of a tort duty." Whiting-Turner, 517 A.2d at 343.
Under Maryland law, whether a tort duty should be recognized in a particular context depends on "two major considerations": (1) "the nature of the harm likely to result from a failure to exercise due care," and (2) "the relationship that exists between the parties." Jacques v. First Nat'l Bank of Md., 307 Md. 527, 515 A.2d 756, 759 (1986). "Where the failure to exercise due care creates a risk of economic loss only, courts have generally required [contractual privity or its equivalent] between the parties as a condition to the imposition of tort liability." Id. at 759-60. As I discuss infra, because I conclude that Compton's alleged negligence created a risk of (and ultimately resulted in) property damage, rather than purely economic loss, I hold that Compton owes a tort duty to the van Agtmaels notwithstanding their lack of contractual privity.

2. The Maryland Court of Appeals has explained the rationale behind the economic loss doctrine as follows: "A manufacturer may be held liable [under tort law] for physical injuries, including harm to property, caused by defects in its products because it is charged with the responsibility to ensure that its products meet a standard of safety creating no unreasonable risk of harm." Lloyd v. Gen. Motors Corp., 397 Md. 108, 916 A.2d 257, 265 (2007) (citation omitted) (emphasis added). By contrast, "where the loss is purely economic, the manufacturer cannot be charged with the responsibility of ensuring that the product meet[s] the particular expectations of the consumer unless it is aware of those expectations and has agreed that the product will meet them. Thus, generally, the only recovery for a purely economic loss would be under a contract theory." Id. (emphasis added).

3. For example, in Whiting-Turner, a condominium owners' association brought suit against a general contractor, developer, and architects of their building, alleging that defendants had negligently constructed defective vertical utility shafts in the building. 517 A.2d at 338. Because defendants' alleged negligence had not caused physical harm to any person or property, the Maryland Court of Appeals had to determine whether defendants had any tort duty to plaintiff based solely on the economic loss of reconstructing the utility shafts. Id. at 344-45. Recognizing that the economic loss doctrine would normally preclude tort liability, the court carved out an exception from the doctrine, concluding that notwithstanding the lack of personal injury or property damage, where the "risk generated by the negligent conduct ... is of death or personal injury the action will lie for recovery of the reasonable cost of correcting the dangerous condition." Id. at 345. Because the court found that the construction defects in the utility shafts created a serious risk of injury to residents of the building, it allowed recovery in tort to correct those defects.
Since Whiting-Turner, the Maryland Court of Appeals has in at least three other cases grappled with the issue of whether—although the alleged negligence of a defendant had not caused personal injury or property damage, but rather only economic loss—the risk of injury resulting from the negligence was serious enough to warrant tort liability. See U.S. Gypsum v. Mayor & City Council of Baltimore, 336 Md. 145, 647 A.2d 405, 410 (1994) (holding that the risk of death or injury caused by asbestos-containing building materials was serious enough to warrant tort liability); Morris, 667 A.2d at 633 (holding that the risk of injury caused by defendant's alleged negligence in manufacturing defective plywood used in building houses was serious enough to warrant tort liability); Lloyd, 916 A.2d at 270 (holding that the risk of bodily injury because of the alleged negligent manufacturing of defective automobile seats was not serious enough to warrant tort liability).

4. In Saratoga, the Supreme Court held that under admiralty law, plaintiff (the second user/owner of a fishing vessel) could recover in tort from the manufacturer of the vessel's allegedly defective hydraulic system for damages to extra equipment added to the ship by the first user/owner of the vessel, because the extra equipment was "other property." 520 U.S. at 877, 117 S.Ct. 1783. The Court stated:
State law often distinguishes between items added to or used in conjunction with a defective item purchased from a Manufacturer (or its distributors) and ... permits recovery for the former when physically harmed by a dangerously defective product. Thus, the owner of a chicken farm, for example, recovered for chickens killed when the chicken house ventilation system failed, suffocating the 140,000 chickens inside. [See Decoster, 634 A.2d at 1330.]
Id. at 880, 117 S.Ct. 1783.

5. I note that the Third Circuit rejected the "foreseeability" and "integrated system" approaches in 2-J Corp. v. Tice, 126 F.3d 539 (3d Cir.1997). In that case, a purchaser of a pre-engineered warehouse sued the warehouse's manufacturer for negligence, products liability, and breach of contract, alleging that the warehouse collapsed and damaged goods stored therein. Id. at 540. The court addressed the issue of "whether property becomes a part of the product itself solely because, after the sale to the initial user, it is foreseeably utilized in connection with the owner's use of the product." Id. at 544. The court held:
[I]t seems apparent to us that if the fishing equipment foreseeably added to the ship by the initial user in Saratoga Fishing [, 520 U.S. at 880, 117 S.Ct. 1783,] did not be-come a part of the `product itself,' it necessarily follows that the inventory foreseeably stored by the initial user in the warehouse here did not become a part of the warehouse itself. Accordingly, we believe that the district court's `integration' theory in this case is inconsistent with Saratoga Fishing and that it follows a fortiori from the holding in Saratoga Fishing that 2-J can recover for the loss of its inventory and other property stored in its warehouse.
Id. at 544.

6. I recognize that the different decisions in Chicago Heights Venture and United Air Lines were at least in part a result of the Seventh Circuit's and the Illinois Appeals Court's different interpretations of the Illinois Supreme Court's holding in Redarowicz v. Ohlendorf, 92 Ill.2d 171, 65 Ill.Dec. 411, 441 N.E.2d 324 (Ill.1982). While the Seventh Circuit understood Redarowicz to preclude liability for damage to other property resulting from a latent construction defect, Chicago Heights Venture, 782 F.2d at 729, the Illinois Appeals Court understood Redarowicz to preclude liability only for damage to the defective product itself, United Air Lines, 102 Ill.Dec. 1, 499 N.E.2d at 562. In any event, the conflict between these two cases demonstrates that Illinois law does not provide clear guidance on what is "other property" where a defective roof has caused damage.

7. I recognize also that the Maryland Court of Appeals noted in Whiting-Turner that a contractor's tort liability "is in general limited to situations where the conduct of the builder causes an accident out of which physical harm occurs to some person or tangible thing other than the building itself that is under construction." 517 A.2d at 344 (emphasis added). I do not believe, however, that the court's language has any bearing on what is "other property" in defective roof scenarios, because, as discussed supra, plaintiff in Whiting-Turner did not allege that there was any damage to property other than the product itself. Id. Further, the court discussed the building as a whole because the defendants had negligently constructed defective vertical utility shafts in the entire building. Id. at 338. In the instant case, by contrast, Compton worked specifically only on the van Agtmaels' roof, not their entire house.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us













Unauthorized access.


Company/Agent Search | Missouri Department of Insurance, Financial Institutions & Professional Registration























Missouri Department of Insurance




Quick Navigation

Skip to Main Content
MO.gov
Gov. Eric Greitens
Find an Agency
Online Services





Search

Search


Search









Mobile Menu Button








Toolbar Links

GovDelivery
Contact us
Watch Videos on Youtube
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook









Home
Consumers
Agents
Other Licensees
Companies
Reports
Laws, Rules & Guidance










Company search

 Company Details for: 
PACIFIC INDEMNITY COMPANYAddress
202B HALLS MILL ROAD WHITEHOUSE STATION NJ, 08889Phone
908-903-2000Market Share
Link to Supplemental Data PageProperty and Casualty

YearLine
MarketShare
DirectPremiumWritten
DirectPremiumEarned
DirectLossesPaid
DirectLossesIncurred
LossRatio
2016
Total Property & Casualty

0.04%
$4,670,388
$4,707,335
$2,111,733
$2,170,64046.11%2016
Total Homeowners

0.10%
$1,954,214
$1,982,898
$681,733
$740,89037.36%2016
Homeowners Multi-Peril

0.11%
$1,954,214
$1,982,898
$681,733
$740,89037.36%2016
Commercial Multi-Peril

0.00%
$18,886
$19,359
$0
$-1,657-8.56%2016
Inland Marine (Incl Auto Cargo)

0.10%
$377,692
$391,175
$113,211
$101,16925.86%2016
Earthquake

0.25%
$232,239
$239,011
$0
$-10.00%2016
Direct Workers Compensation

0.16%
$1,469,307
$1,442,114
$321,771
$225,43015.63%2016
Other Liability - Bodily Injury & Property Damage

0.04%
$216,828
$219,846
$900,000
$938,011426.67%2016
Excess Workers Compensation

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-55N/A2016
Products Liability

0.04%
$15,000
$15,000
$0
$82,207N/A2016
Total Private Passenger Automobile

0.01%
$306,350
$322,853
$95,018
$87,755N/A2016
Private Passenger Auto Liability Bodily Injury

0.01%
$98,246
$104,925
$0
$-3,810N/A2016
Private Passenger Auto Liability Property Damage

0.01%
$58,157
$62,534
$27,016
$24,584N/A2016
Private Passenger Auto Comprehensive

0.01%
$47,457
$48,080
$31,039
$30,744N/A2016
Private Passenger Auto Collision

0.01%
$102,490
$107,314
$36,963
$36,237N/A2016
Total Commercial Automobile

0.00%
$13
$13
$0
$-9N/A2016
Commercial Auto Liability Bodily Injury

0.00%
$13
$13
$0
$-9N/A2016
Fidelity

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-2N/A2016
Surety

0.09%
$65,816
$60,848
$0
$8,183N/A2016
Burglary & Theft

0.02%
$1,083
$1,140
$0
$-42N/A2016
Boiler & Machinery

0.05%
$12,960
$13,078
$0
$-4N/A2016
Umbrella

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-11,235N/A2015
Total Property & Casualty

0.05%
$4,777,181
$4,772,778
$1,304,186
$2,440,531N/A2015
Total Homeowners

0.11%
$1,992,409
$1,995,893
$853,144
$640,621N/A2015
Homeowners Multi-Peril

0.11%
$1,992,409
$1,995,893
$853,144
$640,621N/A2015
Commercial Multi-Peril

0.00%
$15,757
$31,294
$0
$-1,906N/A2015
Inland Marine (Incl Auto Cargo)

0.13%
$403,115
$391,109
$62,593
$59,174N/A2015
Earthquake

0.26%
$246,096
$245,844
$0
$1N/A2015
Direct Workers Compensation

0.16%
$1,521,789
$1,492,630
$274,993
$1,664,638N/A2015
Other Liability - Bodily Injury & Property Damage

0.04%
$220,671
$220,370
$0
$-34,179N/A2015
Excess Workers Compensation

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-10N/A2015
Products Liability

0.04%
$15,000
$15,000
$0
$57,580N/A2015
Total Private Passenger Automobile

0.01%
$324,081
$316,671
$113,456
$88,068N/A2015
Private Passenger Auto Liability Bodily Injury

0.01%
$106,699
$104,841
$0
$3,135N/A2015
Private Passenger Auto Liability Property Damage

0.01%
$64,768
$63,055
$47,018
$18,821N/A2015
Private Passenger Auto Comprehensive

0.01%
$44,822
$43,557
$2,374
$2,277N/A2015
Private Passenger Auto Collision

0.01%
$107,792
$105,218
$64,064
$63,835N/A2015
Total Commercial Automobile

0.00%
$13
$110
$0
$-76N/A2015
Commercial Auto Liability Bodily Injury

0.00%
$13
$110
$0
$-76N/A2015
Fidelity

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$23N/A2015
Surety

0.03%
$23,891
$49,791
$0
$-3,651N/A2015
Burglary & Theft

0.02%
$1,107
$1,187
$0
$-31N/A2015
Boiler & Machinery

0.05%
$13,252
$12,879
$0
$207N/A2015
Umbrella

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-29,928N/A2014
Total Property & Casualty

0.05%
$4,632,952
$4,645,863
$3,544,884
$3,180,517N/A2014
Total Homeowners

0.11%
$1,957,909
$1,911,325
$2,655,646
$2,659,608N/A2014
Homeowners Multi-Peril

0.11%
$1,957,909
$1,911,325
$2,655,646
$2,659,608N/A2014
Commercial Multi-Peril

0.01%
$60,523
$57,943
$0
$1,120N/A2014
Inland Marine (Incl Auto Cargo)

0.13%
$379,143
$373,022
$309,945
$313,981N/A2014
Earthquake

0.25%
$248,942
$256,424
$0
$0N/A2014
Direct Workers Compensation

0.15%
$1,304,530
$1,421,674
$302,588
$337,971N/A2014
Other Liability - Bodily Injury & Property Damage

0.04%
$222,029
$217,734
$0
$15,695N/A2014
Excess Workers Compensation

0.00%
$0
$98
$0
$-101N/A2014
Products Liability

0.07%
$26,090
$14,239
$118,690
$-178,768N/A2014
Total Private Passenger Automobile

0.01%
$327,142
$291,473
$125,878
$34,799N/A2014
Private Passenger Auto Liability Bodily Injury

0.01%
$106,321
$97,743
$32,000
$-93,594N/A2014
Private Passenger Auto Liability Property Damage

0.01%
$63,765
$59,396
$34,597
$67,634N/A2014
Private Passenger Auto Comprehensive

0.01%
$46,163
$38,540
$8,475
$8,866N/A2014
Private Passenger Auto Collision

0.01%
$110,893
$95,794
$50,806
$51,893N/A2014
Total Commercial Automobile

0.00%
$140
$140
$0
$-67N/A2014
Commercial Auto Liability Bodily Injury

0.00%
$140
$140
$0
$-63N/A2014
Commercial Auto Liability Property Damage

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-4N/A2014
Fidelity

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-96N/A2014
Surety

0.13%
$92,684
$87,283
$0
$5,832N/A2014
Burglary & Theft

0.03%
$1,242
$1,340
$0
$19N/A2014
Boiler & Machinery

0.06%
$12,578
$13,168
$32,137
$32,012N/A2014
Umbrella

0.00%
$0
$0
$0
$-41,488N/AEnforcements
The department has not taken enforcement action against this company in the past three years.Link to Enforcements PageComplaint Index
Link to Complaint Index Page
YearLineMarketShare
Number ofComplaintsComplaintIndex2016
Homeowners 0.09%
1
1062016
Private passenger auto 0.01%
0
02015
Private passenger auto 0.01%
0
02015
Homeowners 0.09%
1
872014
Private passenger auto 0.01%
0
02014
Homeowners 0.09%
1
69Company Changes
This company has not filed any changes with the department.
Market Conduct
Date: 07/19/2012 Pdf Links  DocumentDate: 01/05/2016 Pdf Links  DocumentFinancial Exams
This company does not have any financial exams.










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 













Insurance Quotes | Online Insurance Quotes | Insurance Quotes | Online Insurance Quotes | UsInsuranceOnline.com






















(844) 856-4373




















AutoQuotes
HealthQuotes
HomeQuotes
LifeQuotes
AnnuityQuotes


 






Start Comparing Rates within Minutes!


Start Comparing Rates within Minutes and you could save!
 
Zip Code 


 
Quote Type
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Long Term Care
Disability Insurance
Annuities
Group Insurance
Commercial Auto


 

START QUOTE NOW!




 









Compare Rates Within Minutes!


Complete 1 short quote formCompare rates from top insurersSave time & money!
 



 
















Auto
Health
Home
Life
Read More





















Insurance Quotes - Fast, Easy, And Free

            We make shopping for insurance quotes easy. With insurance plans changing all the time and costs increasing  constantly, getting the insurance coverage you need at
            affordable rates can be  a real challenge. Let us take the guesswork out of it by using our tool to get
            insurance quotes for FREE from top companies in just minutes.

Insurance Quotes For All Types of Insurance.
No  matter what type of insurance quotes you  are looking for, we have you covered. Simply fill out our short form to get  quotes and start comparing rates and 
            coverage to find exactly what you're  looking for. It only takes minutes before you have the insurance quotes you're  looking for and can start saving!
Before You Buy Insurance, Compare Competitive Quotes
Why spend your time calling licensed agents and getting  appointments to get a quote? We have them come to YOU to earn YOUR business by  putting away the sales pitch 
            and showing you quotes. When you come to our  website, you simply fill out the quick form so our system can match you up with  the appropriate agents in real-time to 
            get custom tailored insurance quotes within minutes.
Save Time with Online Insurance Quotes
Everyone needs the proper amount of insurance coverage, but does not have the time to spend shopping around for the right coverage at the  right price. 
            Online insurance quotes for auto  insurance, 
            health  insurance,
            life  insurance,
            home  insurance, and
            annuity quotes can save a person valuable time when they are shopping 
            for coverage. Learn  more about the value of free insurance quotes today!
        


Many people go online because they're looking for cheap insurance quotes.  Price is definitely a concern, but what you really need to evaluate is the  value you 
                    are getting for that price. There are many companies that will give  you free insurance quotes  online, but what you want is to find a company that will give 
                    you the  bottom line. You need to know what you are getting for that price. Cheap  insurance that offers you no real coverage is not really a value at all.
An effective way to compare insurance  quotes is 
                    to use our site, which offers a type of matchmaking service.  These companies will take your information and match you with companies that will contact you 
                    and help you purchase their products. When you do your  insurance quote comparison you get to talk to a real person. When you buy insurance online in  this 
                    manner it is still more convenient than driving all over town to meet with  insurance agents.
Getting insurance quotes does  not have to be a hassle. 
                    Getting a quote comparison can be done without leaving your home. Time is valuable and many people want to buy insurance online instead of making countless trips to 
                    visit different insurance agents.
When you want cheap insurance, quotes are plentiful.  You must consider what you will be sacrificing when you buy cheap insurance  based on price alone. You could be buying 
                    yourself nothing more than a huge  headache. Problems can range from bad customer service to a lack of coverage  that could cost you hundreds, even thousands, of dollars.
Buying insurance in reality is just taking steps towards  protecting your investments. Whether you are looking to compare online  insurance quotes or you 
                    want instant insurance quotes, remember that the things you are  insuring are some of the biggest investments you make in your life. When you insure your home,  
                    automobile, health and life you are protecting the most valuable things in your  life, thereby ensuring your financial  stability and protecting  your loved ones.
You should not have to chase down the best deal for your insurance needs. You are the customer and the insurance companies should be trying to earn your business. 
                    Being able to discuss your insurance needs with an agent over the telephone combines the service of having a personal agent with the convenience of shopping online.


Read More [+]









From Our Customers
I spoke to an agent - she was wonderful! Thanks so much. She listened closely to what I needed, and gave the advice that was best for ME not one that made her money.
Patricia A Robinson
Santa Clara, CA


Insurance Corner

10 states will sue over health care bill passage
Thu, 28 Feb 2013 — 10 states will sue over health care bill passagePosted on Mon, March 22, 2010news10 states will sue over health care bill... read more


2012 to go down as costly year for weather disasters
Thu, 28 Feb 2013 — 2012 to go down as costly year for weather disastersPosted on Thu, January 3, 2013news2012 to go down as costly year for... read more


Read More Articles






Find information and get free insurance quotes.


Health Insurance

Health insurance is there when you need it and never worth going without. A sudden health problem can never be predicted, so don't end up wishing 
                    you had health insurance but you didn't want to spend the money.


Auto Insurance

Whatever type of coverage you're looking for from liability to full coverage we can help you obtain multiple quotes. For anyone from high risk to 
                    good drivers, auto insurance is available for you, get your quotes now!


Life Insurance

You may think you'll always be here to take care of your loved ones and they may think the same. While nobody wishes a loss, it's best to be prepared.  
                    You don't want to leave your grieving loved ones with bills to add to the stress of every day life. We provide referrals to many life insurance agents 
                    who can offer many products to choose from.




Home Insurance

Homes come in many shapes and sizes; condos, duplexes, mobile homes, and more. Fortunately there is a specific home insurance plan that will cover every one of them.  
                Fill out our easy form to be on your way to the insurance you're looking for.


Annuity Resources

It's easy to be confused by all the different kinds of annuities. This is why we provided a list of resources and artices here on this site to explain the options 
                as well as a tool to get quotes and find the best choice for you.


Senior Health Insurance

If you're age 64 or older, you've probably already been talking about it. There are many things to learn about a Senior Health Insurance plans.  
                To explore your options, use our online services to get quotes from licensed agents.












Get Free Insurance Quotes and Save!
 
Zip Code 


 
Quote Type
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Long Term Care
Disability Insurance
Annuities
Group Insurance
Commercial Auto


 

START QUOTE NOW!




 




















Get More Quotes

Home
FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Affiliates
Insurance Leads





© 2005 - 2017 All Web Leads, Inc., all rights reserved.
All trademarks are the property of their respective holders. | 7300 FM 2222, Bldg. 2, Suite 100, Austin, TX 78730 | Phone: 512-279-3113




























