



Ruffner Page | McWane, Inc.











































Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to primary sidebar
Skip to secondary sidebar
Skip to footer




McWane, Inc.
The official blog for McWane, Inc., a family business based in Birmingham, Alabama, with iron foundries across the United States and the world.



Home
About
Family of Companies
Official Website


YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
RSS Feed







													Blog Archives											

Ruffner Page joins state business leaders at Alabama economic growth summit

Feb 23


Posted by mcwaneinc


                           Photo courtesy of Growing Alabama / http://bit.ly/21cp5tx       
McWane, Inc. president and CEO Ruffner Page was among several of Alabama’s top business leaders who took part in the inaugural Alabama Economic Growth Summit presented by Yellowhammer Multimedia on February 19 at Birmingham’s Ross Bridge conference center. Ruffner was joined on the morning CEO panel by James W. Rane of Great Southern Wood, J. Michael Kemp of Kemp Management Solutions, Alabama Farmers Federation and Alfa Insurance President Jimmy Parnell, and John D. Johns of Protective Life, who moderated the discussion. The Alabama business leaders agreed workforce development and improving infrastructure are keys to job creation in the state.
U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions kicked off the summit Thursday night. Friday’s program started with a breakfast where Governor Robert Bentley challenged businesses and local governments to sell their region to potential employers and create an environment where entrepreneurism can flourish. McWane sponsored the lunch program featuring an interview with U.S. Senator Richard Shelby by Yellowhammer President and CEO Cliff Sims.



				Posted in Community Activities of Interest, Events 
Comments Off on Ruffner Page joins state business leaders at Alabama economic growth summit
Tags: Alabama Economic Growth Summit, Economic Summit, McWane, panel, Ruffner Page, Yellowhammer Multimedia 


Phillip McWane and Ruffner Page visit MSPL Team in Coimbatore, India

Dec 2


Posted by mcwaneinc



On a recent trip to India, McWane Chairman Phillip McWane and Chief Executive Officer Ruffner Page had the opportunity to see firsthand the McWane Services Private Ltd. (MSPL) operations that support McWane companies worldwide. They were impressed by the quality and support provided by each of the teams and the collaborative effort between MSPL and the McWane divisions in the U.S. They toured the Design, Product Development, IT/Help Desk, and Sales Support Services operations and discussed the various services with MSPL team members. There is potential for future expansion of these services to other McWane divisions that are not currently using these services. 
The tech team currently supports Synapse, Zinwave, and Nighthawk and the goal is to expand these services to the Indian market. This is an example of how McWane teams 10,000 miles apart can work together to pool their strengths and develop products for both the U.S. and Indian markets. The tech team demonstrated the use of the iron mesh and the Multihawk for Phillip and Ruffner as well as the proposed plans for introducing these products to the Indian market. Phillip and Ruffner were pleased to learn that MSPL plans to open a remote office in Bangalore, India. Additional labs that will work on remote metering solutions, condition monitoring, and water solutions are also planned for the future. 
Phillip and Ruffner also toured the valve plant and the valve testing and tooling facilities. The valve plant was set up in a record 6 months and is already supplying valves not only to South America and McWane Gulf, but has also entered the Indian market as well. The valves have been well received in the Indian market and we should see an uptick in sales in India in 2016 of the resilient gate, air release, check, and butterfly valves. In 2016, MSPL plans to expand the sizes offered and introduce and sell the metal seated and knife valves as well. 
The two-day visit to Coimbatore ended with a dinner hosted by the MSPL team in honor of the visiting senior executives from the U.S. 



				Posted in Events, Factory Facts, Uncategorized 
Comments Off on Phillip McWane and Ruffner Page visit MSPL Team in Coimbatore, India
Tags: Coimbatore, India, McWane, McWane Services Private Ltd., MSPL, Phillip McWane, Ruffner Page 


McWane’s President Speaks at Kiwanis Club

Apr 9


Posted by mcwaneinc


As posted in the Birmingham Business Journal
McWane’s Ruffner Page shares tips on growth, management
Cindy F. Crawford Editor-Birmingham Business Journal
4-8-14
McWane Inc. President Ruffner Page talked to the Birmingham Kiwanis Club Tuesday about the national and international growth of the Birmingham-based manufacturer of iron pipes and fire extinguishers.
While talking about the company’s expansion into China and Colombia, Page shared the company’s philosophy on growth of the company and its employees.
Here are the top takeaways:
• If you want to grow and make a decision to acquire another business, your greatest strength is having a sense of urgency, but you don’t have to do anything to force the deal. For instance, don’t wait for the right market price.
• The most important quality they look for in an employee is their willingness to learn new things, give them time to do it and the common sense to innovate and get better.
• Give employees the confidence to try new things and get stable before giving them incentives to try something new.
• Practice humble management of the staff and managers have to know they can’t do it all themselves.
• When it comes to managing people, he said the company works hard to uncover talent that’s within its workers.
• Always be nice to people, because you never know when you’ll need them later. Page said he finds people he trusts 100 percent who work in various industries and businesses and establishes relationships with them to turn to when he needs help – many times for help preventing him from making bad decisions.
For instance, he met a man who was born in China, raised in India and now lives in Canada who has been very helpful as McWane expands into China, which he described as being dysfunctional and challenging.
McWane Inc. is the fifth largest private company in Birmingham with revenue of more than $1 billion, according to the BBJ’s largest private companies List. It has about 5,500 employees across its international footprint.
 
http://www.bizjournals.com/birmingham/blog/2014/04/mcwanes-ruffner-page-shares-tips-on-growth.html?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
 



				Posted in Events 
Comments Off on McWane’s President Speaks at Kiwanis Club
Tags: fire extinguishers, iron pipes, Kiwanis Club, McWane, Ruffner Page 


McWane Recognized by Alabama Governor Bentley for Excellence in International Trade

Mar 7


Posted by mcwaneinc




Governor Robert Bentley and McWane President, G. Ruffner Page, Jr.

On Wednesday, March 5, 2014, Governor Robert Bentley presented the Governor’s Trade Excellence Awards to eight Alabama companies that are excelling in international trade.
The recipients are:

Aladdin Light Lift Inc. (Huntsville)
Archangel Systems Inc. (Auburn)
ES Robbins Corp. (Muscle Shoals)
Fagerman Technologies Inc. (Somerville)
Hornsby Steel Inc. (Cleveland)
McWane Inc. (Birmingham)
Mitternight Inc. (Satsuma)
PESA (Huntsville)

“The companies honored here today make up an important component of the state’s engine for growth, retention and job creation,” Alabama Secretary of Commerce Greg Canfield said. “A sustained increase in exports plays a key role in Accelerate Alabama, the state’s strategic plan for economic development.”
The Governor’s Trade Excellence Awards Program was established in 2005 to recognize Alabama manufacturers and service companies for excelling in international trade. The objectives of this program include identifying Alabama’s successful exporters, promoting exporters as role models to the Alabama business community and increasing awareness of the impact of exporting on Alabama’s economy.
The awards program is coordinated by the Alabama Department of Commerce and the Export Alabama Alliance. The program recognizes small, medium, and large businesses, including new-to-export companies located throughout the state.
For the official press release, please visit: http://www.mcwane.com/news/news-releases/mcwane-receives-the-governor-s-trade-excellence-award/



				Posted in Achievements 
Comments Off on McWane Recognized by Alabama Governor Bentley for Excellence in International Trade
Tags: Alabama, Governor Robert Bentley, Governor's Trade Excellence Awards, international trade, McWane, Ruffner Page 





CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Achievements  (54)
American Makers  (5)
Community Activities of Interest  (8)
Community Involvement & Giving  (25)
Company Advances  (29)
Events  (49)
Factory Facts  (8)
Generational Workers  (1)
Get Healthy With McWane  (20)
Hannah’s Health Tips  (2)
Helpful Hints  (1)
In the Field  (2)
Interesting Tidbits  (4)
Legacy Legends  (3)
Meet McWane  (36)
Projects  (2)
Uncategorized  (12)


 

Recent Comments
Popular Posts
Archives
Tags
Categories






mcwaneincWe hope you enjoy the recipe, Loretta! Changing eating habits is always a great thing to do to impro




Loretta MayJust what to feel better




Loretta MayChanging my eating habit wii probably work for me, so trying new recipe wii dothe trick.




drug rehab centers in los angelesA fascinating discussion is definitely worth comment. I do believe that you should publish more abou




Uncle TreeHappy Arbor Day to you! From Lincoln, Nebraska :) Peace and luvz, Uncle Tree ▲




Tom TaylorCongrats on the success ! Great stuff for McWane






Feel Like a Million Kick-Off + Broccoli & Feta Pasta Salad Recipe! (3)
McWane Boasts Seven Plants in the VPP Program (1)
Celebrate Arbor Day by Paying a Visit to Greenwood Park (1)
Pat McNichols Receives McWane Ductile-Ohio’s ABCD Award for May (1)
McWane presents on Material Selection for Water and Sewer Projects at Auburn University (0)




March 2017 (1)
February 2017 (2)
September 2016 (1)
July 2016 (1)
June 2016 (1)
May 2016 (2)
April 2016 (1)
March 2016 (3)
February 2016 (1)
January 2016 (2)
December 2015 (2)
November 2015 (3)
October 2015 (6)
September 2015 (5)
August 2015 (3)
July 2015 (8)
June 2015 (7)
May 2015 (7)
April 2015 (10)
March 2015 (5)
February 2015 (7)
January 2015 (12)
December 2014 (9)
November 2014 (10)
October 2014 (12)
September 2014 (8)
August 2014 (12)
July 2014 (12)
June 2014 (10)
May 2014 (9)
April 2014 (14)
March 2014 (12)
February 2014 (4)



AB&I
AB&I Foundry
Alabama
Amerex
American Foundry Society
Anaco
Atlantic States
Clow Valve
Clow Water
community
donation
EHS
Environmental
Health
healthy
M&H Valve
Manchester Tank
Manchester Tank Quincy
Marshfield
McWane
McWane Ductile
McWane Ductile New Jersey
McWane Ductile Ohio
McWane Gulf
Meet McWane
Missouri
MSPL
MTE
Ohio
OSHA
Pacific States
retirement
Safety
service
Solberg
Synapse Wireless
Technology
Tyler Couplings
Tyler Pipe
Tyler Pipe & Coupling
Tyler Union
Utah
VPP
water
Zinwave 


Achievements (54)

American Makers (5)

Community Activities of Interest (8)

Community Involvement & Giving (25)

Company Advances (29)

Events (49)

Factory Facts (8)

Generational Workers (1)

Get Healthy With McWane (20)

Hannah's Health Tips (2)

Helpful Hints (1)

In the Field (2)

Interesting Tidbits (4)

Legacy Legends (3)

Meet McWane (36)

Projects (2)

Uncategorized (12)





Hours & InfoP.O. Box 43327Birmingham, AL 35243(205) 414-3100Like Us on Facebook! 

Like Us on Facebook!

Follow Us on Twitter!My Tweets






Blog at WordPress.com.

























Post to



Cancel







 









 








































































































































G. Ruffner Page Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 7:05 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of McWane, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
G. Ruffner Page Jr.President and Director, McWane, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships58--
Background

		Mr. G. Ruffner Page Jr. has been the President of Mcwane, Inc. since 1999. Mr. Page joined Mcwane, Inc. in 1993 and served as its Executive Vice President from 1994 to 1998. Prior to McWane, he held management positions at National Bank of Commerce from 1989 to 1993, the Remington Fund from 1986 to 1989 and Bankers Trust Company in New York and Atlanta. He has been the Chairman of Community Foundation Of Greater Birmingham Inc. He has been a Director of National Commerce ... Corporation since 2010 and serves as its Lead Independent Director. He serves as a Director of Southern Research Institute, O'Neal Industries, First American Bank, National Bank of Commerce, O'Neal Steel Inc. and McWane Inc. Mr. Page serves as a Director of Protective Investment Company, a subsidiary of Protective Life Corporation. He served as a Director of Cormatrix Cardiovascular, Inc. since November 10, 2016 until March 9, 2017. He served as Director of Birmingham Airport Authority. He served as a Director of Alabama National Bancorporation since 1995. He is a member of the Downtown Rotary, Leadership Birmingham, Leadership Alabama and serves on the Boards of the Alabama Symphony, the Birmingham Museum of Art, the Community Foundation of Greater Birmingham, the Birmingham Education Foundation and the Emmet O'Neil Library Foundation Board, The Vulcan Park Foundation Board and the Altamont School Board. Mr. Page graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee in 1981 with a BA in Philosophy and Psychology with a minor in Economics. He is also a graduate of the University of Virginia, Darden School of Business in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1986 .Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2900 Highway 280Birmingham, Alabama 35223United StatesPhone: 205-414-3100Fax: 205-414-3170
Board Members Memberships
President and DirectorMcWane, Inc.DirectorNational Bank of Commerce2010-PresentLead Independent DirectorNational Commerce Corporation2017-PresentChairmanCommunity Foundation Of Greater Birmingham Inc
Education
BA 1981Vanderbilt UniversityUnknown/Other Education 1986University of Virginia
Other Affiliations
Alabama National BancorporationVanderbilt UniversityUniversity of VirginiaCommunity Foundation Of Greater Birmingham IncBirmingham Airport AuthorityCormatrix Cardiovascular, Inc.National Bank of CommerceNational Commerce Corporation


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact McWane, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































G. Ruffner Page Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















G. Ruffner Page Jr.
Lead Independent Director at National Commerce Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you G. Ruffner Page Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with G. Ruffner Page Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Lead Independent Director, 
National Commerce Corporation


Past
To view G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Vanderbilt University


Darden Graduate School of Business - University of Virginia


Age
58

 
 


G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s Biography



G. Ruffner Page, Jr. has served on our Board since 2010 and currently serves as its lead independent director. Mr. Page has served as President of McWane, Inc., a company involved in the manufacture of pipes, valves, water fittings, fire extinguishers and propane tanks and in various technology industries, since 1999. Mr. Page previously served as Executive Vice President of National Bank of Commerce, a subsidiary of Alabama National Bancorporation, from 1989 until 1994, after which time he accepted employment at McWane, Inc. Mr. Page also served on the board of directors of Alabama National Bancorporation from 1995 until it was acquired in 2 ...
(Read More)

			G. Ruffner Page, Jr. has served on our Board since 2010 and currently serves as its lead independent director. Mr. Page has served as President of McWane, Inc., a company involved in the manufacture of pipes, valves, water fittings, fire extinguishers and propane tanks and in various technology industries, since 1999. Mr. Page previously served as Executive Vice President of National Bank of Commerce, a subsidiary of Alabama National Bancorporation, from 1989 until 1994, after which time he accepted employment at McWane, Inc. Mr. Page also served on the board of directors of Alabama National Bancorporation from 1995 until it was acquired in 2008. Mr. Page's experience as a senior banking executive and as a senior executive of McWane, Inc. gives him a wide range of knowledge on topics important to the banking business and allows him to contribute valuable insight to our Board.
		
Source: National Commerce Corporation on 04/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like G. Ruffner Page Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with G. Ruffner Page Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: G. Ruffner Page Jr.


















G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s Connections (125)





Sign up now to view G. Ruffner Page Jr.'s 125 connections »









Don Logan
Former Chairman, Media & Communications Group, Time Warner Inc.









Donald M. James
Board Member, The Southern Company









John D. Johns
Board Member, Genuine Parts Company









John H. Holcomb
Executive Chairman, National Commerce Corporation









Larry D. Striplin
Former Vice Chairman of the Board, Superior Bancorp









Griffin A. Greene
Board Member, CenterState Banks, Inc.









Stephen A. Sevigny
Board Member, National Commerce Corporation









C. Phillip McWane
Board Member, National Commerce Corporation









Richard Murray
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer; Chief Executive Officer, National Bank of Commerce, National Commerce Corporation









Philip C. Jackson
Board Member, Saul Centers Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













                          Frederick G. Ruffner Jr., titan of reference books, dies at 88 - The Washington Post                                                                        2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Books Frederick G. Ruffner Jr., titan of reference books, dies at 88            The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Emily Langer  By Emily Langer   August 23, 2014  Follow @emilylangerWP     Frederick G. Ruffner Jr., an inveterate collector of information who founded the Gale Research Co., an empire of directories, dictionaries, biographies and bibliographies that stocked reference libraries for decades, satisfying urgent curiosity and waiting for questions not yet asked, died Aug. 12 at a hospital in Detroit. He was 88. The cause was respiratory failure, said his son Peter Ruffner.  Mr. Ruffner was widely regarded as one of the foremost publishers of his kind — the sort for whom no name, fact or bit of data was too obscure to be collected for future use.  He founded his company — Gale was an old family name — in Detroit in 1954. Mr. Ruffner was working at the time as a marketing manager for a firm that sold firefighting equipment and set out in search of a directory of trade associations that might expand his contacts.  When he found in circulation no volume sufficiently current for his needs, he decided to compile one himself.    Frederick G. Ruffner Jr., who died Aug. 12 at 88, built an empire of directories, dictionaries, biographies and bibliographies. (The Detroit News)  “It seemed to me this was a basic kind of book,” Mr. Ruffner once told the Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Sun-Sentinel. “In my ignorance, I quit my job and hung out my shingle as a publisher. I knew zero about publishing.” Working alongside his wife, with headquarters on a card table in their home, Mr. Ruffner typed and edited the first edition of the volume now known as the Encyclopedia of Associations. While perhaps lacking the glamour of many a bombshell bestseller, it proved highly useful for professionals across industries. To Mr. Ruffner, it demonstrated the commercial value — as well as the utility — of carefully curated information. He followed his first directory with hundreds of other titles, including the Code Names Dictionary, the Acronyms, Initialisms and Abbreviations Dictionary, and Picturesque Expressions, a collection of sayings. Gale Research became particularly known for its series of literary reference guides, including the Dictionary of Literary Biography, Contemporary Literary Criticism and the venerable Contemporary Authors. “The firm publishes no large general dictionaries on the scale of the Oxford English dictionary,” Philip Bradley, a librarian, once wrote the journal the Indexer, “nor smaller ones like the Concise Oxford dictionary. What they do produce are works on specific subjects, and their importance lies to a great extent in the magnitude of their contents and the fact that they are up to date.”  The company grew to employ hundreds at the central location in Detroit and at satellite offices, said Peter Ruffner. In 1985, Mr. Ruffner sold his company for $66 million to International Thomson.  With his son Peter, he later started Omnigraphics, a Detroit-based company that publishes reference series on topics including health, culture and finance. “I find reference books are stimulating,” he told the Miami Herald. “You know, Samuel Johnson was a reference book editor. He defined a lexicographer, a compiler of dictionaries, as a harmless drudge.”         1 of 114       Full Screen Autoplay  Close                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Skip Ad   ×           Notable deaths of 2014      View Photos   A look at those who have died this year.    Caption   A look at those who have died this year.  Edward Herrmann Edward Herrmann, the famed character actor best known in recent years for his starring role in “Gilmore Girls,” died at age 71. Herrmann, who got his Hollywood start in movies like “The Paper Chase” (1973) and was known for other roles in “The Lost Boys” and “Overboard” in 1987, did extensive work in movies, television and on Broadway. READ: Edward Herrmann dies at 71.  Evan Agostini/Getty Images  Buy Photo          Wait 1 second to continue.           Frederick Gale Ruffner Jr. was born Aug. 6, 1926, in Akron, Ohio. He served in the Army in the Pacific during World War II and received decorations including the Bronze Star Medal, his son said. In 1950, he received a bachelor’s degree in business from Ohio State University. Mr. Ruffner was a longtime resident of Grosse Pointe, Mich., and Fort Lauderdale. His philanthropic and civic work included support of libraries and other cultural initiatives, including the Literary Landmarks Association, which dedicates historic literary sites.  He subscribed to 300 magazines and maintained a warehouse that housed his personal reference library. “In case I ever want to look something up,” he said. His wife of 55 years, the former Mary Evans, died in 2010. Survivors include two sons, Peter Ruffner of Detroit and Rick Ruffner of Grosse Pointe; and three granddaughters. A grandson died in 2014.  Mr. Ruffner recalled being enchanted as a boy by “The Swiss Family Robinson,” the classic tale of survival after a shipwreck. However, his grown-up tastes did not run to fiction.  “If I had to be marooned on a desert island,” he once told Forbes, “I’d like the Manhattan Yellow Pages to read.”           entertainment books  Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters           entertainment books        true          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Emily Langer is a reporter on The Washington Post’s obituaries desk. She has written about national and world leaders, celebrated figures in science and the arts, and heroes from all walks of life.  Follow @emilylangerWP                         Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1    Review  William and Harry open up about losing Diana in HBO documentary       2    Review  In a better world, we’d be talking about ‘Insecure’ as much as we talked about ‘Girls’       3   Actor John Heard, of ‘Home Alone’ movies, dies at 71       4  Correction: Chicago-Pokemon Go story       5   Phelps loses by 2 seconds to simulated shark in ‘Shark Week’            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                  washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     

G RUFFNER  PAGE JR - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











G RUFFNER  PAGE JR
Check out list of companies and businesses related to G RUFFNER  PAGE JR. Find out G RUFFNER  PAGE JR address and contact details. View other people related to G RUFFNER  PAGE JR - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

    




Companies related to G RUFFNER  PAGE JR
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000926966ALABAMA NATIONAL BANCORPORATION1927 FIRST AVENUE NORTH 1927 FIRST AVENUE NORTH BIRMINGHAM 352090001609951National Commerce CorpDirector 813 SHADES CREEK PARKWAY SUITE 100 BIRMINGHAM 35209




G RUFFNER  PAGE JR on the Web
Persons related to G RUFFNER  PAGE JR - ALABAMA NATIONAL BANCORPORATIONNamePositionCityW RAY  BARNESDirector MABLETONBobby A  BradleyDirector ATHENSJOHN R  BRAGGExecutive Vice President BIRMINGHAMDAN M  DAVIDVice Chairman DECATURJOHN V  DENSONDirector OPELIKAGRIFFIN A  GREENEDirector VERO BEACHJOHN H  HOLCOMB IIIChairman & CEO BIRMINGHAMWilliam R  Ireland JrEVP & Chief Risk Man. Officer BIRMINGHAMJOHN D  JOHNSDirector BIRMINGHAMWILLIAM E V  MATTHEWSExecutive Vice President & CFO BIRMINGHAMJOHN J  MCMAHON JRDirector BIRMINGHAMC PHILLIP  MCWANEDirector BIRMINGHAMWILLIAM D  MONTGOMERYDirector BIRMINGHAMRICHARD  MURRAY IVPresident & COO BIRMINGHAMDRAYTON  NABERS JRDirector BIRMINGHAMVICTOR E  NICHOL JRVice Chairman BIRMINGHAMC LLOYD  NIXDirector DECATURG RUFFNER  PAGE JRG RUFFNER  PAGE JRDirector BIRMINGHAMJOHN  PLUNKDirector ATHENSWilliam Britt  SextonDirector DECATURWILLIAM STANCIL  STARNESDirector BIRMINGHAMJames R  Thompson IIIPres & CEO,First American Bank BIRMINGHAMW Edgar  Welden SrDirector BIRMINGHAMSHELLY S  WILLIAMSSenior VP & Controller BIRMINGHAMPersons related to G RUFFNER  PAGE JR - National Commerce CorpNamePositionCityRobert B  AlandNBC - Birmingham President BIRMINGHAMJoel S  ArogetiBIRMINGHAMBradley  BobbyBirminghamBobby A  BradleyDirector ATHENSBobby A  BradleyDirector BIRMINGHAMJOHN R  BRAGGEVP - Bank Operations BIRMINGHAMJOHN R  BRAGGEVP - Bank Operations BIRMINGHAMCharles Investment Group, LLC10% Owner BIRMINGHAMMcWane  CharlesBirminghamCharles Phillip McWane 2011 Grantor Retained Annuity TrustBIRMINGHAMMark L  DrewDirector BIRMINGHAMCanada  EricBirminghamPage, Jr.  GeneBirminghamM Davis  Goodson JrNBC - EVP and Senior Lender BIRMINGHAMR Holman  HeadDirector BIRMINGHAMJOHN H  HOLCOMB IIIChief Executive Officer BIRMINGHAMJOHN H  HOLCOMB IIIChief Executive Officer BIRMINGHAMWilliam R  Ireland JrNBC - EVP and CRMO BIRMINGHAMWilliam R  Ireland JrNBC - EVP and CRMO BIRMINGHAMKimbrough  JerryBirminghamHolcomb,  John IIIBirminghamBragg  JohnBirminghamJerry D  KimbroughDirector BIRMINGHAMWILLIAM E V  MATTHEWSChief Financial Officer BIRMINGHAMWILLIAM E V  MATTHEWSBIRMINGHAMC PHILLIP  MCWANEDirector BIRMINGHAMC PHILLIP  MCWANEDirector BIRMINGHAMGoodson, Jr.  MichaelBirminghamRICHARD  MURRAY IVPresident and COO BIRMINGHAMRICHARD  MURRAY IVPresident and COO BIRMINGHAMG RUFFNER  PAGE JRDirector G RUFFNER  PAGE JRDirector BIRMINGHAMBeindorf  PaulBirminghamMurray,  Richard IVBirminghamAland  RobertBirminghamHead  RobertBirminghamSeaborn, Jr.  RobertBirminghamVandevelde,  Russell IVBirminghamStephen A  SevignyDirector BIRMINGHAMWILLIAM STANCIL  STARNESDirector BIRMINGHAMWILLIAM STANCIL  STARNESDirector BIRMINGHAMTutwiler,  Temple IIIBirminghamJames R  Thompson IIICorporate Billing, LLC - CEO BIRMINGHAMTemple W  Tutwiler IIIDirector BIRMINGHAMRussell H  Vandevelde IVDirector BIRMINGHAMMatthews, V  WilliamBirminghamQuinlivan, Sr.  WilliamBirminghamIreland, Jr.  WilliamBirminghamStarnes  WilliamBirminghamSHELLY S  WILLIAMSSVP and CAO BIRMINGHAMSHELLY S  WILLIAMSBIRMINGHAMDonald F  WrightDirector BIRMINGHAM












 












G. Ruffner Page, Jr. – We are Ed.




























































Skip to content

 We are Ed.









G. Ruffner Page, Jr.


 
Ruffner Page, Jr. has served as President of McWane, Inc. since 1999. Mr. Page joined the company in 1993 working in the area of mergers and acquisitions. Prior to coming to McWane, he held management positions at National Bank of Commerce from 1989 to 1993, the Remington Fund from 1986 to 1989, and Bankers Trust Company in New York and Atlanta.
Mr. Page currently serves on the Board of Directors of McWane, Inc., Southern Research Institute and the National Bank of Commerce.
He is a member of the Downtown Rotary, Leadership Birmingham and Leadership Alabama.  He serves on the Boards of the Birmingham Airport Authority, the Birmingham Education Foundation, the Community Foundation of Greater Birmingham, the Birmingham Museum of Art and the Alabama Symphony Orchestra.
Mr. Page graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee with a B.A. in Philosophy and Psychology with a minor in Economics. He is also a 1986 graduate of the University of Virginia, Darden School of Business in Charlottesville, Virginia. He and his wife, Penny, have three daughters.
 
Share this:TwitterFacebookGoogleLike this:Like Loading...





 
 




Follow Ed on TwitterMy Tweets 

Like Ed on Facebook 

Like Ed on Facebook

Send Ed MailP.O. Box 1476Birmingham, AL 35201Find Ed in Real LifeBCS Professional DevelopmentLincoln Center901 9th Ave. NorthBirmingham, AL 35204info@edbirmingham.org205.582.8740 

See Ed on Instagram









 













Post to



Cancel







 













 
%d bloggers like this:








































































































































Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







PAGE G RUFFNER JR Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      PAGE G RUFFNER JR
                    

•    ,  
                      
How do I update this listing?



















Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from PAGE G RUFFNER JR, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




page g ruffner jr


 

 
 
                                                        
                                                     









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/28/2017
4 filed on 03/29/2017
4 filed on 03/10/2017
4 filed on 12/28/2016
4 filed on 09/27/2016
4 filed on 06/29/2016
4 filed on 03/23/2016
4 filed on 03/15/2016
4 filed on 12/21/2015
4 filed on 09/28/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















McWane - Wikipedia





















 






McWane

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


McWane, Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Manufacturing


Founded
1921


Headquarters
Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.



Key people

C. Phillip McWane, Chairman
G. Ruffner Page, President


Products
Pipes, fittings, compressed air tanks, fire extinguishers


Revenue
$1.7 billion USD (2014)



Number of employees

6,000


Website
www.mcwane.com


McWane, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of iron water works and plumbing products and one of America’s largest privately owned companies.[1] The company manufactures products including ductile iron pipe and fittings, fire hydrants, cast iron soil pipe and fittings, and related products.[2] McWane is also a manufacturer of pressurized cylinders for the storage of propane and other gases through its Manchester Tank and Equipment Company division, and fire protection systems and extinguishers through its Amerex subsidiary.[3]
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, McWane is a privately held, family owned company employing almost 6,000 people in 25 facilities nationwide.[2] In addition to the United States, the company has operations in Australia, Canada, Chile, China, India, Norway and the United Arab Emirates. Its operating revenues are estimated at approximately $1.5 to 2 billion as of 2011[update].[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Growth and expansion

2.1 Domestic acquisitions
2.2 International expansion
2.3 China


3 Environmental and safety issues

3.1 Criminal and civil violations
3.2 Commitment to safety and environment
3.3 Independent review and recognition


4 Philanthropy
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
J. R. McWane founded the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1921 in Birmingham, Alabama, where it has maintained its headquarters since. McWane introduced innovations to foundry technology and processes. He also introduced progressive initiatives to improve working conditions.[5] In 1920, one year before the founding of McWane, J.R. McWane wrote, "The industry that maintains an army of workers without regard to their working and living conditions, their health, recreations, religious and social life cannot succeed in the largest sense."[6] His vision is referred to within the company as "The McWane Way",[7] and can be summarized as aiming to improve both the methods of work and the lives of the workers, rather than focusing only on financial gain.[6]
However, by 2002 media investigations by The New York Times and others revealed serious workplace safety and environmental violations. Fines and criminal convictions followed.[8] As a result, reforms are reported to have been made.
In 2006, McWane’s Atlantic States plant in New Jersey became the first foundry in North America to apply technology to substantially limit mercury emissions. The following year, a McWane plant was the first iron and brass foundry in the country to be recognized as a Voluntary Protection Program site by OSHA.[9]
Growth and expansion[edit]
Domestic acquisitions[edit]
The company has grown mainly through acquisition of other domestic foundries and related enterprises. In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company. Later, McWane acquired Empire Coke Company in 1962, Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1975, and Union Foundry Company in 1977. Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco. In 1999, McWane bought two more companies: Manchester Tank & Equipment of Brentwood, Tennessee and Amerex Corporation of Trussville, Alabama, expanding its manufacturing of fire extinguishers.[10][11]
Along with McWane's original operations, the subsidiary companies acquired by the company formed its seven divisions: ductile iron pipe, waterworks valves and fire hydrants,[10] soil pipe, soil fittings and utility fittings,[12][13] propane and compressed air, fire extinguishers, and coal.[14]
International expansion[edit]
McWane's international expansion began in 1989 when it acquired Canada Pipe Company, in Hamilton, Ontario, an iron pipe plant owned by Canron Inc. of Toronto.[15] After entering the Canadian market in 1989, McWane established Clow Canada in 1990, with manufacturing operations in Saint John, New Brunswick. The Saint John operation had operated as Thomas McAvity & Company between 1834 and 1960 before it was sold to Crane Canada Ltd.[16] Through Canada Pipe, McWane also acquired the Bibby Companies in 1997. McWane then extended its operations to Australia in 1999 with the acquisition of Manchester Tank & Equipment Company.[10] In 2005, the company built a new foundry, the Tyler Xian Xian Foundry Company, in Hebei, China[11] and in 2010, McWane acquired Manchester Tank & Equipment Cemcogas SA in Santiago, Chile.[17] Finally, through Amerex, McWane acquired Solberg Scandinavian AS, an independent firefighting foam agent manufacturer based in Bergen, Norway.[18]
China[edit]
In 2003, in response to increasing pressure to move operations overseas due to competition from importers, McWane filed a petition with the International Trade Commission asking for relief from Chinese competition. The commission unanimously approved McWane’s petition and recommended that President George W. Bush impose a three-year import quota on China's waterworks fittings and tariffs of up to 50 percent on imports exceeding the quota. However, in March 2004, President Bush decided not to adopt the commission's recommendation.[12] Following this decision, McWane opted to begin manufacturing its products both domestically and overseas. To that end, in 2005, it opened a plant in China's Hebei Province. The company was named the "Excellent Environmental Protection Facility of 2006" by the Cangzhou Environmental Protection Bureau.[19]
Environmental and safety issues[edit]
Following McWane's rapid growth in the 1990s, it was reported that the company had an increased number of health and safety violations.[20] In 2003, a series of joint print and broadcast reports by the New York Times, PBS and the Canadian Broadcast Corporation reported serious safety and environmental problems at McWane plants. According to the reports, there were 4,600 recorded injuries, nine deaths and more than 400 Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations between 1995 and 2003.[21]
Criminal and civil violations[edit]
Following the media reports, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) launched an intensive investigation into McWane’s safety and environmental practices.[22] Federal regulators brought formal charges against McWane facilities and managers, resulting in $25 million in fines and prison sentences of up to 70 months for four McWane plant managers.[9][23] Regulators also charged McWane with more than 400 air and water quality violations. The company resolved the bulk of the environmental violations in 2010, when it agreed to pay $4 million in civil penalties and spend another $9.1 million on environmental projects in communities near its plants.[24] This agreement covered 28 of the company's manufacturing facilities in 14 states, and resolves violations including the Clean Air Act. the Clean Water Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and three other federal acts.[23] McWane President Ruffner Page Jr. said the agreement was "the beginning of the final chapter" in McWane's effort to be in full compliance.[25]
PBS Frontline aired an updated version of "A Dangerous Business", entitled "A Dangerous Business Revisited", on 5 February 2008 on most PBS stations throughout the U.S. Included in this version was additional reporting regarding federal prosecutions against McWane, Inc. since the original airing, as well as checking the OSHA data to verify whether McWane, Inc.'s new safety standards have made working conditions truly safer for its foundry employees.[26]
Commitment to safety and environment[edit]
Prior to the media reports, the company had been implementing changes to its operating practices since 2000, according to McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page.[20] Following the 2003 investigations, McWane continued to reform its safety and environmental practices, bringing on new management and implementing new safety procedures. The company replaced 90 percent of its senior management and added 125 new environmental, health and safety, and human resources positions since 1999.[27] In addition, McWane spent over $300 million on environmental protection and health and safety (EHS), and implemented a centralised EHS management system to detect environmental, and health and safety problems.[28] It also began self-reporting oversights to authorities.[29] McWane updated its Ethics and Compliance Policy and created a training and educational program for EHS and management skills. To ensure legal compliance, the company implemented oversight mechanisms and incentive schemes, including internal and external (third party) audits and a financial incentive program for managers based upon EHS performance, an appropriate range of disciplinary actions for noncompliance, along with a confidential, 24-hour phone line for reporting suspected violations and other concerns.[30]
Independent review and recognition[edit]
In a 2006 letter to the EPA, international president of the United Steelworkers Leo Gerard wrote that McWane's current management ”has shown a dramatic change in attitude” and that “current safely practices at McWane are as good as or better than any of its competitors."[9] During sentencing of the company in a case regarding environmental damages in New Jersey, U.S. District Court Judge Mary Cooper concluded, "A night and day difference has been accomplished, not by wishful thinking, but by determined and sustained effort at all levels. They are determined to continue to serve in all the ways that they serve and to do everything they can to prevent environmental, health, and safety damage to anyone."[31]
As a result of the changes implemented by McWane, the company, and its operating divisions and subsidiaries have received local and national recognition and awards. The company's Union Foundry has won safety awards, including Alabama's highest safety award from the Alabama Department of Industrial Relations.[9][13] The company's Pacific States plant received both the Utah Department of Environmental Quality’s Outstanding Achievement in Pollution Prevention Award and the Provo/Orem Chamber of Commerce’s "Business of the Year" award in 2007.[9] In 2008, the Birmingham Business Journal named McWane president G. Ruffner Page as its Green Business Leader of the Year. as of 2010[update], seven McWane plants have been admitted into OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), a program that recognizes exemplary health and safety programs, and a status that fewer than 1% of all U.S. workplaces attain.[32]
Philanthropy[edit]




Vulcan statue at the center of Vulcan Park, Birmingham, Alabama.


The McWane family and company is noted for its charitable work in Alabama and in communities where its plants are located. The family pledged $10 million to the McWane Science Center, and they have also donated to cultural institutions such as the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The company offers undergraduate scholarships to Alabama college students. The McWane family also donated $2 million to the 1999 restoration of the Birmingham’s famous Vulcan statue, which was originally cast in 1904 by J. R. McWane’s foundry[5][33] and is the largest cast iron statue in the world.[34] The Alabama Chapter of Fundraising Professionals awarded McWane its Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year Award in 2005. The city of Birmingham has also recognized McWane several times for its beautification and summer arts programs.[9] In 2009, the McWane Foundation pledged $5 million to Alabama’s Children’s Hospital for the construction of an environmentally friendly hospital. In addition to the gift from the McWane Foundation, Phillip and Heather McWane personally pledged an additional $5 million for a clinical program in the new hospital.[35]
Outside of Alabama, McWane's subsidiaries have contributed to charitable causes and community resources,[36][37] including a $30,000 donation to the Community Health and Mahaska Hospice for the renovation of the former Family Medical Center building, now called the Mahaska Health West building by the Clow Valve Company.[38] In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.[39]
According to Federal Election Commission data, McWane Inc. was the top contributor to then-Senator Jeff Sessions' campaign committee from 2011 to 2016.[40]
See also[edit]

Foundry
Cast iron
Cast-iron architecture

References[edit]



^ "The Largest Private Companies: McWane". Forbes. 9 November 2006. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b "About Us". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ "Steel Fabrication". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Boyle, Megan; West, Erica (June 2011). "Alabama’s Largest Private Companies". Business Alabama Magazine. 
^ a b Shaw, Arch Wilkinson (1920). "James R. McWane". The Magazine of Business. 38: 841–845. Retrieved 3 March 2011. 
^ a b McWane, James Ransom (1920). Acipco: A Story of Modern Industrial Relations. Birmingham: American Cast Iron Pipe Company. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "The McWane Way" (PDF). McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ PBS Frontline, "A Dangerous Business," http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/workplace/mcwane/
^ a b c d e f "A Dangerous Business Revisited". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ a b c "McWane Corporation -- Corporate History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ a b "Timeline". McWane.com. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth (12 April 2005). "Future uncertain for remaining Tyler Pipe workers". Tyler Telegraph. 
^ a b "McWane's Union Foundry recognized for exemplary safety". Birmingham Business Journal. 11 October 2005. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ "McWane Locations". McWane. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ Romain, Ken (5 July 1989). "Canron pipe plant sold to U.S. giant". The Globe and Mail.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Clow Canada Limited, Company history. Accessed July 21, 2014.
^ "McWane Inc acquires Cemcogas SA from Empresas CEM". Alacra Store. 20 December 2010. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Hubbard, Russell (1 March 2011). "Trussville's Amerex buys Norwegian Solberg Scandinavian AS that has foam-based fire suppression system". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "McWane and China". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth; Junek, Greg (2 March 2008). "Tyler Pipe Workers Note Change for the Better". Tyler Telegraph. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (8 January 2003). "At a Texas Foundry, An Indifference to Life". New York Times. 
^ Barstow, David (30 August 2005). "Pipe Maker Will Admit to Violations of Safety Law". New York Times. 
^ a b Mcwane agrees to resolve environmental violations, US Justice Dept press release, 14 July 2010 accessed 17 July 2010, http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/July/10-ag-802.html
^ "Alabama pipemaker McWane in $13M pact with EPA". Associated Press. 15 July 2010. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Associated Press, Alabama pipemaker mcwane in $13 m pact with epa, 15 July 2010. Retrieved 17 July 2010, http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/07/15/ap/business/main6681130.shtml
^ PBS Frontline documentary about McWane
^ "A Dangerous Company Revisited". Frontline. PBS. 2008. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Johnson, Dave (3 June 2010). "10 essentials of McWane’s culture change". Industrial Safety & Hygiene News. 
^ Hubbard, Russel (10 May 2007). "McWane foundry to pay almost $2 million; Company reported own environmental breaches". Birmingham News. 
^ Page, G. Ruffner (14 November 2007). "Letter from G. Ruffner Page to PBS and the New York Times" (PDF). PBS.org. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ United States of America v. Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co., et al. (U.S. District Court of New Jersey 29 April 2009).
^ "McWane, Inc. Resolves Environmental Issues with EPA Through Innovative and Transparent Settlement". PR Newswire. 14 July 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (9 January 2003). "A Family's Fortune, a Legacy of Blood and Tears". New York Times. 
^ "About Vulcan". Visit Vulcan. Retrieved 17 March 2011. 
^ Velasco, Anna (29 January 2009). "Birmingham, Alabama Children'sHospital to clear site for green-friendly medical facility". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Pacific States Playground". Minor League Baseball. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Chamblee Rose Garden Project". Tyler Union. 18 April 2009. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Corporate donations". Mahaska Health. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Atlantic States getting annual Phillipsburg festival ready for 2009". Lehigh Valley Live. 25 July 2008. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Center for Responsive Politics, Sen. Jeff Sessions". 18 May 2017. Retrieved 18 June 2017. 



External links[edit]

McWane, Inc. - Company Website
New York Times coverage of McWane
U.S. Department of Justice - U.S. v. McWane Corp.





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=McWane&oldid=786288203"					
Categories: Companies based in Birmingham, AlabamaCompanies established in 1921Privately held companies based in AlabamaHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse dmy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 13:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









McWane - Wikipedia





















 






McWane

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


McWane, Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Manufacturing


Founded
1921


Headquarters
Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.



Key people

C. Phillip McWane, Chairman
G. Ruffner Page, President


Products
Pipes, fittings, compressed air tanks, fire extinguishers


Revenue
$1.7 billion USD (2014)



Number of employees

6,000


Website
www.mcwane.com


McWane, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of iron water works and plumbing products and one of America’s largest privately owned companies.[1] The company manufactures products including ductile iron pipe and fittings, fire hydrants, cast iron soil pipe and fittings, and related products.[2] McWane is also a manufacturer of pressurized cylinders for the storage of propane and other gases through its Manchester Tank and Equipment Company division, and fire protection systems and extinguishers through its Amerex subsidiary.[3]
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, McWane is a privately held, family owned company employing almost 6,000 people in 25 facilities nationwide.[2] In addition to the United States, the company has operations in Australia, Canada, Chile, China, India, Norway and the United Arab Emirates. Its operating revenues are estimated at approximately $1.5 to 2 billion as of 2011[update].[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Growth and expansion

2.1 Domestic acquisitions
2.2 International expansion
2.3 China


3 Environmental and safety issues

3.1 Criminal and civil violations
3.2 Commitment to safety and environment
3.3 Independent review and recognition


4 Philanthropy
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
J. R. McWane founded the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1921 in Birmingham, Alabama, where it has maintained its headquarters since. McWane introduced innovations to foundry technology and processes. He also introduced progressive initiatives to improve working conditions.[5] In 1920, one year before the founding of McWane, J.R. McWane wrote, "The industry that maintains an army of workers without regard to their working and living conditions, their health, recreations, religious and social life cannot succeed in the largest sense."[6] His vision is referred to within the company as "The McWane Way",[7] and can be summarized as aiming to improve both the methods of work and the lives of the workers, rather than focusing only on financial gain.[6]
However, by 2002 media investigations by The New York Times and others revealed serious workplace safety and environmental violations. Fines and criminal convictions followed.[8] As a result, reforms are reported to have been made.
In 2006, McWane’s Atlantic States plant in New Jersey became the first foundry in North America to apply technology to substantially limit mercury emissions. The following year, a McWane plant was the first iron and brass foundry in the country to be recognized as a Voluntary Protection Program site by OSHA.[9]
Growth and expansion[edit]
Domestic acquisitions[edit]
The company has grown mainly through acquisition of other domestic foundries and related enterprises. In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company. Later, McWane acquired Empire Coke Company in 1962, Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1975, and Union Foundry Company in 1977. Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco. In 1999, McWane bought two more companies: Manchester Tank & Equipment of Brentwood, Tennessee and Amerex Corporation of Trussville, Alabama, expanding its manufacturing of fire extinguishers.[10][11]
Along with McWane's original operations, the subsidiary companies acquired by the company formed its seven divisions: ductile iron pipe, waterworks valves and fire hydrants,[10] soil pipe, soil fittings and utility fittings,[12][13] propane and compressed air, fire extinguishers, and coal.[14]
International expansion[edit]
McWane's international expansion began in 1989 when it acquired Canada Pipe Company, in Hamilton, Ontario, an iron pipe plant owned by Canron Inc. of Toronto.[15] After entering the Canadian market in 1989, McWane established Clow Canada in 1990, with manufacturing operations in Saint John, New Brunswick. The Saint John operation had operated as Thomas McAvity & Company between 1834 and 1960 before it was sold to Crane Canada Ltd.[16] Through Canada Pipe, McWane also acquired the Bibby Companies in 1997. McWane then extended its operations to Australia in 1999 with the acquisition of Manchester Tank & Equipment Company.[10] In 2005, the company built a new foundry, the Tyler Xian Xian Foundry Company, in Hebei, China[11] and in 2010, McWane acquired Manchester Tank & Equipment Cemcogas SA in Santiago, Chile.[17] Finally, through Amerex, McWane acquired Solberg Scandinavian AS, an independent firefighting foam agent manufacturer based in Bergen, Norway.[18]
China[edit]
In 2003, in response to increasing pressure to move operations overseas due to competition from importers, McWane filed a petition with the International Trade Commission asking for relief from Chinese competition. The commission unanimously approved McWane’s petition and recommended that President George W. Bush impose a three-year import quota on China's waterworks fittings and tariffs of up to 50 percent on imports exceeding the quota. However, in March 2004, President Bush decided not to adopt the commission's recommendation.[12] Following this decision, McWane opted to begin manufacturing its products both domestically and overseas. To that end, in 2005, it opened a plant in China's Hebei Province. The company was named the "Excellent Environmental Protection Facility of 2006" by the Cangzhou Environmental Protection Bureau.[19]
Environmental and safety issues[edit]
Following McWane's rapid growth in the 1990s, it was reported that the company had an increased number of health and safety violations.[20] In 2003, a series of joint print and broadcast reports by the New York Times, PBS and the Canadian Broadcast Corporation reported serious safety and environmental problems at McWane plants. According to the reports, there were 4,600 recorded injuries, nine deaths and more than 400 Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations between 1995 and 2003.[21]
Criminal and civil violations[edit]
Following the media reports, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) launched an intensive investigation into McWane’s safety and environmental practices.[22] Federal regulators brought formal charges against McWane facilities and managers, resulting in $25 million in fines and prison sentences of up to 70 months for four McWane plant managers.[9][23] Regulators also charged McWane with more than 400 air and water quality violations. The company resolved the bulk of the environmental violations in 2010, when it agreed to pay $4 million in civil penalties and spend another $9.1 million on environmental projects in communities near its plants.[24] This agreement covered 28 of the company's manufacturing facilities in 14 states, and resolves violations including the Clean Air Act. the Clean Water Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and three other federal acts.[23] McWane President Ruffner Page Jr. said the agreement was "the beginning of the final chapter" in McWane's effort to be in full compliance.[25]
PBS Frontline aired an updated version of "A Dangerous Business", entitled "A Dangerous Business Revisited", on 5 February 2008 on most PBS stations throughout the U.S. Included in this version was additional reporting regarding federal prosecutions against McWane, Inc. since the original airing, as well as checking the OSHA data to verify whether McWane, Inc.'s new safety standards have made working conditions truly safer for its foundry employees.[26]
Commitment to safety and environment[edit]
Prior to the media reports, the company had been implementing changes to its operating practices since 2000, according to McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page.[20] Following the 2003 investigations, McWane continued to reform its safety and environmental practices, bringing on new management and implementing new safety procedures. The company replaced 90 percent of its senior management and added 125 new environmental, health and safety, and human resources positions since 1999.[27] In addition, McWane spent over $300 million on environmental protection and health and safety (EHS), and implemented a centralised EHS management system to detect environmental, and health and safety problems.[28] It also began self-reporting oversights to authorities.[29] McWane updated its Ethics and Compliance Policy and created a training and educational program for EHS and management skills. To ensure legal compliance, the company implemented oversight mechanisms and incentive schemes, including internal and external (third party) audits and a financial incentive program for managers based upon EHS performance, an appropriate range of disciplinary actions for noncompliance, along with a confidential, 24-hour phone line for reporting suspected violations and other concerns.[30]
Independent review and recognition[edit]
In a 2006 letter to the EPA, international president of the United Steelworkers Leo Gerard wrote that McWane's current management ”has shown a dramatic change in attitude” and that “current safely practices at McWane are as good as or better than any of its competitors."[9] During sentencing of the company in a case regarding environmental damages in New Jersey, U.S. District Court Judge Mary Cooper concluded, "A night and day difference has been accomplished, not by wishful thinking, but by determined and sustained effort at all levels. They are determined to continue to serve in all the ways that they serve and to do everything they can to prevent environmental, health, and safety damage to anyone."[31]
As a result of the changes implemented by McWane, the company, and its operating divisions and subsidiaries have received local and national recognition and awards. The company's Union Foundry has won safety awards, including Alabama's highest safety award from the Alabama Department of Industrial Relations.[9][13] The company's Pacific States plant received both the Utah Department of Environmental Quality’s Outstanding Achievement in Pollution Prevention Award and the Provo/Orem Chamber of Commerce’s "Business of the Year" award in 2007.[9] In 2008, the Birmingham Business Journal named McWane president G. Ruffner Page as its Green Business Leader of the Year. as of 2010[update], seven McWane plants have been admitted into OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), a program that recognizes exemplary health and safety programs, and a status that fewer than 1% of all U.S. workplaces attain.[32]
Philanthropy[edit]




Vulcan statue at the center of Vulcan Park, Birmingham, Alabama.


The McWane family and company is noted for its charitable work in Alabama and in communities where its plants are located. The family pledged $10 million to the McWane Science Center, and they have also donated to cultural institutions such as the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The company offers undergraduate scholarships to Alabama college students. The McWane family also donated $2 million to the 1999 restoration of the Birmingham’s famous Vulcan statue, which was originally cast in 1904 by J. R. McWane’s foundry[5][33] and is the largest cast iron statue in the world.[34] The Alabama Chapter of Fundraising Professionals awarded McWane its Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year Award in 2005. The city of Birmingham has also recognized McWane several times for its beautification and summer arts programs.[9] In 2009, the McWane Foundation pledged $5 million to Alabama’s Children’s Hospital for the construction of an environmentally friendly hospital. In addition to the gift from the McWane Foundation, Phillip and Heather McWane personally pledged an additional $5 million for a clinical program in the new hospital.[35]
Outside of Alabama, McWane's subsidiaries have contributed to charitable causes and community resources,[36][37] including a $30,000 donation to the Community Health and Mahaska Hospice for the renovation of the former Family Medical Center building, now called the Mahaska Health West building by the Clow Valve Company.[38] In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.[39]
According to Federal Election Commission data, McWane Inc. was the top contributor to then-Senator Jeff Sessions' campaign committee from 2011 to 2016.[40]
See also[edit]

Foundry
Cast iron
Cast-iron architecture

References[edit]



^ "The Largest Private Companies: McWane". Forbes. 9 November 2006. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b "About Us". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ "Steel Fabrication". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Boyle, Megan; West, Erica (June 2011). "Alabama’s Largest Private Companies". Business Alabama Magazine. 
^ a b Shaw, Arch Wilkinson (1920). "James R. McWane". The Magazine of Business. 38: 841–845. Retrieved 3 March 2011. 
^ a b McWane, James Ransom (1920). Acipco: A Story of Modern Industrial Relations. Birmingham: American Cast Iron Pipe Company. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "The McWane Way" (PDF). McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ PBS Frontline, "A Dangerous Business," http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/workplace/mcwane/
^ a b c d e f "A Dangerous Business Revisited". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ a b c "McWane Corporation -- Corporate History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ a b "Timeline". McWane.com. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth (12 April 2005). "Future uncertain for remaining Tyler Pipe workers". Tyler Telegraph. 
^ a b "McWane's Union Foundry recognized for exemplary safety". Birmingham Business Journal. 11 October 2005. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ "McWane Locations". McWane. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ Romain, Ken (5 July 1989). "Canron pipe plant sold to U.S. giant". The Globe and Mail.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Clow Canada Limited, Company history. Accessed July 21, 2014.
^ "McWane Inc acquires Cemcogas SA from Empresas CEM". Alacra Store. 20 December 2010. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Hubbard, Russell (1 March 2011). "Trussville's Amerex buys Norwegian Solberg Scandinavian AS that has foam-based fire suppression system". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "McWane and China". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth; Junek, Greg (2 March 2008). "Tyler Pipe Workers Note Change for the Better". Tyler Telegraph. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (8 January 2003). "At a Texas Foundry, An Indifference to Life". New York Times. 
^ Barstow, David (30 August 2005). "Pipe Maker Will Admit to Violations of Safety Law". New York Times. 
^ a b Mcwane agrees to resolve environmental violations, US Justice Dept press release, 14 July 2010 accessed 17 July 2010, http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/July/10-ag-802.html
^ "Alabama pipemaker McWane in $13M pact with EPA". Associated Press. 15 July 2010. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Associated Press, Alabama pipemaker mcwane in $13 m pact with epa, 15 July 2010. Retrieved 17 July 2010, http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/07/15/ap/business/main6681130.shtml
^ PBS Frontline documentary about McWane
^ "A Dangerous Company Revisited". Frontline. PBS. 2008. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Johnson, Dave (3 June 2010). "10 essentials of McWane’s culture change". Industrial Safety & Hygiene News. 
^ Hubbard, Russel (10 May 2007). "McWane foundry to pay almost $2 million; Company reported own environmental breaches". Birmingham News. 
^ Page, G. Ruffner (14 November 2007). "Letter from G. Ruffner Page to PBS and the New York Times" (PDF). PBS.org. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ United States of America v. Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co., et al. (U.S. District Court of New Jersey 29 April 2009).
^ "McWane, Inc. Resolves Environmental Issues with EPA Through Innovative and Transparent Settlement". PR Newswire. 14 July 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (9 January 2003). "A Family's Fortune, a Legacy of Blood and Tears". New York Times. 
^ "About Vulcan". Visit Vulcan. Retrieved 17 March 2011. 
^ Velasco, Anna (29 January 2009). "Birmingham, Alabama Children'sHospital to clear site for green-friendly medical facility". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Pacific States Playground". Minor League Baseball. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Chamblee Rose Garden Project". Tyler Union. 18 April 2009. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Corporate donations". Mahaska Health. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Atlantic States getting annual Phillipsburg festival ready for 2009". Lehigh Valley Live. 25 July 2008. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Center for Responsive Politics, Sen. Jeff Sessions". 18 May 2017. Retrieved 18 June 2017. 



External links[edit]

McWane, Inc. - Company Website
New York Times coverage of McWane
U.S. Department of Justice - U.S. v. McWane Corp.





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=McWane&oldid=786288203"					
Categories: Companies based in Birmingham, AlabamaCompanies established in 1921Privately held companies based in AlabamaHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse dmy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 13:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









McWane - Wikipedia





















 






McWane

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


McWane, Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Manufacturing


Founded
1921


Headquarters
Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.



Key people

C. Phillip McWane, Chairman
G. Ruffner Page, President


Products
Pipes, fittings, compressed air tanks, fire extinguishers


Revenue
$1.7 billion USD (2014)



Number of employees

6,000


Website
www.mcwane.com


McWane, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of iron water works and plumbing products and one of America’s largest privately owned companies.[1] The company manufactures products including ductile iron pipe and fittings, fire hydrants, cast iron soil pipe and fittings, and related products.[2] McWane is also a manufacturer of pressurized cylinders for the storage of propane and other gases through its Manchester Tank and Equipment Company division, and fire protection systems and extinguishers through its Amerex subsidiary.[3]
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, McWane is a privately held, family owned company employing almost 6,000 people in 25 facilities nationwide.[2] In addition to the United States, the company has operations in Australia, Canada, Chile, China, India, Norway and the United Arab Emirates. Its operating revenues are estimated at approximately $1.5 to 2 billion as of 2011[update].[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Growth and expansion

2.1 Domestic acquisitions
2.2 International expansion
2.3 China


3 Environmental and safety issues

3.1 Criminal and civil violations
3.2 Commitment to safety and environment
3.3 Independent review and recognition


4 Philanthropy
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
J. R. McWane founded the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1921 in Birmingham, Alabama, where it has maintained its headquarters since. McWane introduced innovations to foundry technology and processes. He also introduced progressive initiatives to improve working conditions.[5] In 1920, one year before the founding of McWane, J.R. McWane wrote, "The industry that maintains an army of workers without regard to their working and living conditions, their health, recreations, religious and social life cannot succeed in the largest sense."[6] His vision is referred to within the company as "The McWane Way",[7] and can be summarized as aiming to improve both the methods of work and the lives of the workers, rather than focusing only on financial gain.[6]
However, by 2002 media investigations by The New York Times and others revealed serious workplace safety and environmental violations. Fines and criminal convictions followed.[8] As a result, reforms are reported to have been made.
In 2006, McWane’s Atlantic States plant in New Jersey became the first foundry in North America to apply technology to substantially limit mercury emissions. The following year, a McWane plant was the first iron and brass foundry in the country to be recognized as a Voluntary Protection Program site by OSHA.[9]
Growth and expansion[edit]
Domestic acquisitions[edit]
The company has grown mainly through acquisition of other domestic foundries and related enterprises. In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company. Later, McWane acquired Empire Coke Company in 1962, Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1975, and Union Foundry Company in 1977. Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco. In 1999, McWane bought two more companies: Manchester Tank & Equipment of Brentwood, Tennessee and Amerex Corporation of Trussville, Alabama, expanding its manufacturing of fire extinguishers.[10][11]
Along with McWane's original operations, the subsidiary companies acquired by the company formed its seven divisions: ductile iron pipe, waterworks valves and fire hydrants,[10] soil pipe, soil fittings and utility fittings,[12][13] propane and compressed air, fire extinguishers, and coal.[14]
International expansion[edit]
McWane's international expansion began in 1989 when it acquired Canada Pipe Company, in Hamilton, Ontario, an iron pipe plant owned by Canron Inc. of Toronto.[15] After entering the Canadian market in 1989, McWane established Clow Canada in 1990, with manufacturing operations in Saint John, New Brunswick. The Saint John operation had operated as Thomas McAvity & Company between 1834 and 1960 before it was sold to Crane Canada Ltd.[16] Through Canada Pipe, McWane also acquired the Bibby Companies in 1997. McWane then extended its operations to Australia in 1999 with the acquisition of Manchester Tank & Equipment Company.[10] In 2005, the company built a new foundry, the Tyler Xian Xian Foundry Company, in Hebei, China[11] and in 2010, McWane acquired Manchester Tank & Equipment Cemcogas SA in Santiago, Chile.[17] Finally, through Amerex, McWane acquired Solberg Scandinavian AS, an independent firefighting foam agent manufacturer based in Bergen, Norway.[18]
China[edit]
In 2003, in response to increasing pressure to move operations overseas due to competition from importers, McWane filed a petition with the International Trade Commission asking for relief from Chinese competition. The commission unanimously approved McWane’s petition and recommended that President George W. Bush impose a three-year import quota on China's waterworks fittings and tariffs of up to 50 percent on imports exceeding the quota. However, in March 2004, President Bush decided not to adopt the commission's recommendation.[12] Following this decision, McWane opted to begin manufacturing its products both domestically and overseas. To that end, in 2005, it opened a plant in China's Hebei Province. The company was named the "Excellent Environmental Protection Facility of 2006" by the Cangzhou Environmental Protection Bureau.[19]
Environmental and safety issues[edit]
Following McWane's rapid growth in the 1990s, it was reported that the company had an increased number of health and safety violations.[20] In 2003, a series of joint print and broadcast reports by the New York Times, PBS and the Canadian Broadcast Corporation reported serious safety and environmental problems at McWane plants. According to the reports, there were 4,600 recorded injuries, nine deaths and more than 400 Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations between 1995 and 2003.[21]
Criminal and civil violations[edit]
Following the media reports, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) launched an intensive investigation into McWane’s safety and environmental practices.[22] Federal regulators brought formal charges against McWane facilities and managers, resulting in $25 million in fines and prison sentences of up to 70 months for four McWane plant managers.[9][23] Regulators also charged McWane with more than 400 air and water quality violations. The company resolved the bulk of the environmental violations in 2010, when it agreed to pay $4 million in civil penalties and spend another $9.1 million on environmental projects in communities near its plants.[24] This agreement covered 28 of the company's manufacturing facilities in 14 states, and resolves violations including the Clean Air Act. the Clean Water Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and three other federal acts.[23] McWane President Ruffner Page Jr. said the agreement was "the beginning of the final chapter" in McWane's effort to be in full compliance.[25]
PBS Frontline aired an updated version of "A Dangerous Business", entitled "A Dangerous Business Revisited", on 5 February 2008 on most PBS stations throughout the U.S. Included in this version was additional reporting regarding federal prosecutions against McWane, Inc. since the original airing, as well as checking the OSHA data to verify whether McWane, Inc.'s new safety standards have made working conditions truly safer for its foundry employees.[26]
Commitment to safety and environment[edit]
Prior to the media reports, the company had been implementing changes to its operating practices since 2000, according to McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page.[20] Following the 2003 investigations, McWane continued to reform its safety and environmental practices, bringing on new management and implementing new safety procedures. The company replaced 90 percent of its senior management and added 125 new environmental, health and safety, and human resources positions since 1999.[27] In addition, McWane spent over $300 million on environmental protection and health and safety (EHS), and implemented a centralised EHS management system to detect environmental, and health and safety problems.[28] It also began self-reporting oversights to authorities.[29] McWane updated its Ethics and Compliance Policy and created a training and educational program for EHS and management skills. To ensure legal compliance, the company implemented oversight mechanisms and incentive schemes, including internal and external (third party) audits and a financial incentive program for managers based upon EHS performance, an appropriate range of disciplinary actions for noncompliance, along with a confidential, 24-hour phone line for reporting suspected violations and other concerns.[30]
Independent review and recognition[edit]
In a 2006 letter to the EPA, international president of the United Steelworkers Leo Gerard wrote that McWane's current management ”has shown a dramatic change in attitude” and that “current safely practices at McWane are as good as or better than any of its competitors."[9] During sentencing of the company in a case regarding environmental damages in New Jersey, U.S. District Court Judge Mary Cooper concluded, "A night and day difference has been accomplished, not by wishful thinking, but by determined and sustained effort at all levels. They are determined to continue to serve in all the ways that they serve and to do everything they can to prevent environmental, health, and safety damage to anyone."[31]
As a result of the changes implemented by McWane, the company, and its operating divisions and subsidiaries have received local and national recognition and awards. The company's Union Foundry has won safety awards, including Alabama's highest safety award from the Alabama Department of Industrial Relations.[9][13] The company's Pacific States plant received both the Utah Department of Environmental Quality’s Outstanding Achievement in Pollution Prevention Award and the Provo/Orem Chamber of Commerce’s "Business of the Year" award in 2007.[9] In 2008, the Birmingham Business Journal named McWane president G. Ruffner Page as its Green Business Leader of the Year. as of 2010[update], seven McWane plants have been admitted into OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), a program that recognizes exemplary health and safety programs, and a status that fewer than 1% of all U.S. workplaces attain.[32]
Philanthropy[edit]




Vulcan statue at the center of Vulcan Park, Birmingham, Alabama.


The McWane family and company is noted for its charitable work in Alabama and in communities where its plants are located. The family pledged $10 million to the McWane Science Center, and they have also donated to cultural institutions such as the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The company offers undergraduate scholarships to Alabama college students. The McWane family also donated $2 million to the 1999 restoration of the Birmingham’s famous Vulcan statue, which was originally cast in 1904 by J. R. McWane’s foundry[5][33] and is the largest cast iron statue in the world.[34] The Alabama Chapter of Fundraising Professionals awarded McWane its Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year Award in 2005. The city of Birmingham has also recognized McWane several times for its beautification and summer arts programs.[9] In 2009, the McWane Foundation pledged $5 million to Alabama’s Children’s Hospital for the construction of an environmentally friendly hospital. In addition to the gift from the McWane Foundation, Phillip and Heather McWane personally pledged an additional $5 million for a clinical program in the new hospital.[35]
Outside of Alabama, McWane's subsidiaries have contributed to charitable causes and community resources,[36][37] including a $30,000 donation to the Community Health and Mahaska Hospice for the renovation of the former Family Medical Center building, now called the Mahaska Health West building by the Clow Valve Company.[38] In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.[39]
According to Federal Election Commission data, McWane Inc. was the top contributor to then-Senator Jeff Sessions' campaign committee from 2011 to 2016.[40]
See also[edit]

Foundry
Cast iron
Cast-iron architecture

References[edit]



^ "The Largest Private Companies: McWane". Forbes. 9 November 2006. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b "About Us". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ "Steel Fabrication". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Boyle, Megan; West, Erica (June 2011). "Alabama’s Largest Private Companies". Business Alabama Magazine. 
^ a b Shaw, Arch Wilkinson (1920). "James R. McWane". The Magazine of Business. 38: 841–845. Retrieved 3 March 2011. 
^ a b McWane, James Ransom (1920). Acipco: A Story of Modern Industrial Relations. Birmingham: American Cast Iron Pipe Company. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "The McWane Way" (PDF). McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ PBS Frontline, "A Dangerous Business," http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/workplace/mcwane/
^ a b c d e f "A Dangerous Business Revisited". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ a b c "McWane Corporation -- Corporate History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ a b "Timeline". McWane.com. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth (12 April 2005). "Future uncertain for remaining Tyler Pipe workers". Tyler Telegraph. 
^ a b "McWane's Union Foundry recognized for exemplary safety". Birmingham Business Journal. 11 October 2005. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ "McWane Locations". McWane. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ Romain, Ken (5 July 1989). "Canron pipe plant sold to U.S. giant". The Globe and Mail.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Clow Canada Limited, Company history. Accessed July 21, 2014.
^ "McWane Inc acquires Cemcogas SA from Empresas CEM". Alacra Store. 20 December 2010. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Hubbard, Russell (1 March 2011). "Trussville's Amerex buys Norwegian Solberg Scandinavian AS that has foam-based fire suppression system". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "McWane and China". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth; Junek, Greg (2 March 2008). "Tyler Pipe Workers Note Change for the Better". Tyler Telegraph. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (8 January 2003). "At a Texas Foundry, An Indifference to Life". New York Times. 
^ Barstow, David (30 August 2005). "Pipe Maker Will Admit to Violations of Safety Law". New York Times. 
^ a b Mcwane agrees to resolve environmental violations, US Justice Dept press release, 14 July 2010 accessed 17 July 2010, http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/July/10-ag-802.html
^ "Alabama pipemaker McWane in $13M pact with EPA". Associated Press. 15 July 2010. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Associated Press, Alabama pipemaker mcwane in $13 m pact with epa, 15 July 2010. Retrieved 17 July 2010, http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/07/15/ap/business/main6681130.shtml
^ PBS Frontline documentary about McWane
^ "A Dangerous Company Revisited". Frontline. PBS. 2008. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Johnson, Dave (3 June 2010). "10 essentials of McWane’s culture change". Industrial Safety & Hygiene News. 
^ Hubbard, Russel (10 May 2007). "McWane foundry to pay almost $2 million; Company reported own environmental breaches". Birmingham News. 
^ Page, G. Ruffner (14 November 2007). "Letter from G. Ruffner Page to PBS and the New York Times" (PDF). PBS.org. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ United States of America v. Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co., et al. (U.S. District Court of New Jersey 29 April 2009).
^ "McWane, Inc. Resolves Environmental Issues with EPA Through Innovative and Transparent Settlement". PR Newswire. 14 July 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (9 January 2003). "A Family's Fortune, a Legacy of Blood and Tears". New York Times. 
^ "About Vulcan". Visit Vulcan. Retrieved 17 March 2011. 
^ Velasco, Anna (29 January 2009). "Birmingham, Alabama Children'sHospital to clear site for green-friendly medical facility". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Pacific States Playground". Minor League Baseball. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Chamblee Rose Garden Project". Tyler Union. 18 April 2009. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Corporate donations". Mahaska Health. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Atlantic States getting annual Phillipsburg festival ready for 2009". Lehigh Valley Live. 25 July 2008. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Center for Responsive Politics, Sen. Jeff Sessions". 18 May 2017. Retrieved 18 June 2017. 



External links[edit]

McWane, Inc. - Company Website
New York Times coverage of McWane
U.S. Department of Justice - U.S. v. McWane Corp.





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=McWane&oldid=786288203"					
Categories: Companies based in Birmingham, AlabamaCompanies established in 1921Privately held companies based in AlabamaHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse dmy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 13:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









McWane - Wikipedia





















 






McWane

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


McWane, Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Manufacturing


Founded
1921


Headquarters
Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.



Key people

C. Phillip McWane, Chairman
G. Ruffner Page, President


Products
Pipes, fittings, compressed air tanks, fire extinguishers


Revenue
$1.7 billion USD (2014)



Number of employees

6,000


Website
www.mcwane.com


McWane, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of iron water works and plumbing products and one of America’s largest privately owned companies.[1] The company manufactures products including ductile iron pipe and fittings, fire hydrants, cast iron soil pipe and fittings, and related products.[2] McWane is also a manufacturer of pressurized cylinders for the storage of propane and other gases through its Manchester Tank and Equipment Company division, and fire protection systems and extinguishers through its Amerex subsidiary.[3]
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, McWane is a privately held, family owned company employing almost 6,000 people in 25 facilities nationwide.[2] In addition to the United States, the company has operations in Australia, Canada, Chile, China, India, Norway and the United Arab Emirates. Its operating revenues are estimated at approximately $1.5 to 2 billion as of 2011[update].[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Growth and expansion

2.1 Domestic acquisitions
2.2 International expansion
2.3 China


3 Environmental and safety issues

3.1 Criminal and civil violations
3.2 Commitment to safety and environment
3.3 Independent review and recognition


4 Philanthropy
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
J. R. McWane founded the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1921 in Birmingham, Alabama, where it has maintained its headquarters since. McWane introduced innovations to foundry technology and processes. He also introduced progressive initiatives to improve working conditions.[5] In 1920, one year before the founding of McWane, J.R. McWane wrote, "The industry that maintains an army of workers without regard to their working and living conditions, their health, recreations, religious and social life cannot succeed in the largest sense."[6] His vision is referred to within the company as "The McWane Way",[7] and can be summarized as aiming to improve both the methods of work and the lives of the workers, rather than focusing only on financial gain.[6]
However, by 2002 media investigations by The New York Times and others revealed serious workplace safety and environmental violations. Fines and criminal convictions followed.[8] As a result, reforms are reported to have been made.
In 2006, McWane’s Atlantic States plant in New Jersey became the first foundry in North America to apply technology to substantially limit mercury emissions. The following year, a McWane plant was the first iron and brass foundry in the country to be recognized as a Voluntary Protection Program site by OSHA.[9]
Growth and expansion[edit]
Domestic acquisitions[edit]
The company has grown mainly through acquisition of other domestic foundries and related enterprises. In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company. Later, McWane acquired Empire Coke Company in 1962, Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1975, and Union Foundry Company in 1977. Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco. In 1999, McWane bought two more companies: Manchester Tank & Equipment of Brentwood, Tennessee and Amerex Corporation of Trussville, Alabama, expanding its manufacturing of fire extinguishers.[10][11]
Along with McWane's original operations, the subsidiary companies acquired by the company formed its seven divisions: ductile iron pipe, waterworks valves and fire hydrants,[10] soil pipe, soil fittings and utility fittings,[12][13] propane and compressed air, fire extinguishers, and coal.[14]
International expansion[edit]
McWane's international expansion began in 1989 when it acquired Canada Pipe Company, in Hamilton, Ontario, an iron pipe plant owned by Canron Inc. of Toronto.[15] After entering the Canadian market in 1989, McWane established Clow Canada in 1990, with manufacturing operations in Saint John, New Brunswick. The Saint John operation had operated as Thomas McAvity & Company between 1834 and 1960 before it was sold to Crane Canada Ltd.[16] Through Canada Pipe, McWane also acquired the Bibby Companies in 1997. McWane then extended its operations to Australia in 1999 with the acquisition of Manchester Tank & Equipment Company.[10] In 2005, the company built a new foundry, the Tyler Xian Xian Foundry Company, in Hebei, China[11] and in 2010, McWane acquired Manchester Tank & Equipment Cemcogas SA in Santiago, Chile.[17] Finally, through Amerex, McWane acquired Solberg Scandinavian AS, an independent firefighting foam agent manufacturer based in Bergen, Norway.[18]
China[edit]
In 2003, in response to increasing pressure to move operations overseas due to competition from importers, McWane filed a petition with the International Trade Commission asking for relief from Chinese competition. The commission unanimously approved McWane’s petition and recommended that President George W. Bush impose a three-year import quota on China's waterworks fittings and tariffs of up to 50 percent on imports exceeding the quota. However, in March 2004, President Bush decided not to adopt the commission's recommendation.[12] Following this decision, McWane opted to begin manufacturing its products both domestically and overseas. To that end, in 2005, it opened a plant in China's Hebei Province. The company was named the "Excellent Environmental Protection Facility of 2006" by the Cangzhou Environmental Protection Bureau.[19]
Environmental and safety issues[edit]
Following McWane's rapid growth in the 1990s, it was reported that the company had an increased number of health and safety violations.[20] In 2003, a series of joint print and broadcast reports by the New York Times, PBS and the Canadian Broadcast Corporation reported serious safety and environmental problems at McWane plants. According to the reports, there were 4,600 recorded injuries, nine deaths and more than 400 Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations between 1995 and 2003.[21]
Criminal and civil violations[edit]
Following the media reports, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) launched an intensive investigation into McWane’s safety and environmental practices.[22] Federal regulators brought formal charges against McWane facilities and managers, resulting in $25 million in fines and prison sentences of up to 70 months for four McWane plant managers.[9][23] Regulators also charged McWane with more than 400 air and water quality violations. The company resolved the bulk of the environmental violations in 2010, when it agreed to pay $4 million in civil penalties and spend another $9.1 million on environmental projects in communities near its plants.[24] This agreement covered 28 of the company's manufacturing facilities in 14 states, and resolves violations including the Clean Air Act. the Clean Water Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and three other federal acts.[23] McWane President Ruffner Page Jr. said the agreement was "the beginning of the final chapter" in McWane's effort to be in full compliance.[25]
PBS Frontline aired an updated version of "A Dangerous Business", entitled "A Dangerous Business Revisited", on 5 February 2008 on most PBS stations throughout the U.S. Included in this version was additional reporting regarding federal prosecutions against McWane, Inc. since the original airing, as well as checking the OSHA data to verify whether McWane, Inc.'s new safety standards have made working conditions truly safer for its foundry employees.[26]
Commitment to safety and environment[edit]
Prior to the media reports, the company had been implementing changes to its operating practices since 2000, according to McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page.[20] Following the 2003 investigations, McWane continued to reform its safety and environmental practices, bringing on new management and implementing new safety procedures. The company replaced 90 percent of its senior management and added 125 new environmental, health and safety, and human resources positions since 1999.[27] In addition, McWane spent over $300 million on environmental protection and health and safety (EHS), and implemented a centralised EHS management system to detect environmental, and health and safety problems.[28] It also began self-reporting oversights to authorities.[29] McWane updated its Ethics and Compliance Policy and created a training and educational program for EHS and management skills. To ensure legal compliance, the company implemented oversight mechanisms and incentive schemes, including internal and external (third party) audits and a financial incentive program for managers based upon EHS performance, an appropriate range of disciplinary actions for noncompliance, along with a confidential, 24-hour phone line for reporting suspected violations and other concerns.[30]
Independent review and recognition[edit]
In a 2006 letter to the EPA, international president of the United Steelworkers Leo Gerard wrote that McWane's current management ”has shown a dramatic change in attitude” and that “current safely practices at McWane are as good as or better than any of its competitors."[9] During sentencing of the company in a case regarding environmental damages in New Jersey, U.S. District Court Judge Mary Cooper concluded, "A night and day difference has been accomplished, not by wishful thinking, but by determined and sustained effort at all levels. They are determined to continue to serve in all the ways that they serve and to do everything they can to prevent environmental, health, and safety damage to anyone."[31]
As a result of the changes implemented by McWane, the company, and its operating divisions and subsidiaries have received local and national recognition and awards. The company's Union Foundry has won safety awards, including Alabama's highest safety award from the Alabama Department of Industrial Relations.[9][13] The company's Pacific States plant received both the Utah Department of Environmental Quality’s Outstanding Achievement in Pollution Prevention Award and the Provo/Orem Chamber of Commerce’s "Business of the Year" award in 2007.[9] In 2008, the Birmingham Business Journal named McWane president G. Ruffner Page as its Green Business Leader of the Year. as of 2010[update], seven McWane plants have been admitted into OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), a program that recognizes exemplary health and safety programs, and a status that fewer than 1% of all U.S. workplaces attain.[32]
Philanthropy[edit]




Vulcan statue at the center of Vulcan Park, Birmingham, Alabama.


The McWane family and company is noted for its charitable work in Alabama and in communities where its plants are located. The family pledged $10 million to the McWane Science Center, and they have also donated to cultural institutions such as the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The company offers undergraduate scholarships to Alabama college students. The McWane family also donated $2 million to the 1999 restoration of the Birmingham’s famous Vulcan statue, which was originally cast in 1904 by J. R. McWane’s foundry[5][33] and is the largest cast iron statue in the world.[34] The Alabama Chapter of Fundraising Professionals awarded McWane its Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year Award in 2005. The city of Birmingham has also recognized McWane several times for its beautification and summer arts programs.[9] In 2009, the McWane Foundation pledged $5 million to Alabama’s Children’s Hospital for the construction of an environmentally friendly hospital. In addition to the gift from the McWane Foundation, Phillip and Heather McWane personally pledged an additional $5 million for a clinical program in the new hospital.[35]
Outside of Alabama, McWane's subsidiaries have contributed to charitable causes and community resources,[36][37] including a $30,000 donation to the Community Health and Mahaska Hospice for the renovation of the former Family Medical Center building, now called the Mahaska Health West building by the Clow Valve Company.[38] In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.[39]
According to Federal Election Commission data, McWane Inc. was the top contributor to then-Senator Jeff Sessions' campaign committee from 2011 to 2016.[40]
See also[edit]

Foundry
Cast iron
Cast-iron architecture

References[edit]



^ "The Largest Private Companies: McWane". Forbes. 9 November 2006. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b "About Us". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ "Steel Fabrication". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Boyle, Megan; West, Erica (June 2011). "Alabama’s Largest Private Companies". Business Alabama Magazine. 
^ a b Shaw, Arch Wilkinson (1920). "James R. McWane". The Magazine of Business. 38: 841–845. Retrieved 3 March 2011. 
^ a b McWane, James Ransom (1920). Acipco: A Story of Modern Industrial Relations. Birmingham: American Cast Iron Pipe Company. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "The McWane Way" (PDF). McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ PBS Frontline, "A Dangerous Business," http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/workplace/mcwane/
^ a b c d e f "A Dangerous Business Revisited". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ a b c "McWane Corporation -- Corporate History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ a b "Timeline". McWane.com. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth (12 April 2005). "Future uncertain for remaining Tyler Pipe workers". Tyler Telegraph. 
^ a b "McWane's Union Foundry recognized for exemplary safety". Birmingham Business Journal. 11 October 2005. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ "McWane Locations". McWane. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ Romain, Ken (5 July 1989). "Canron pipe plant sold to U.S. giant". The Globe and Mail.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Clow Canada Limited, Company history. Accessed July 21, 2014.
^ "McWane Inc acquires Cemcogas SA from Empresas CEM". Alacra Store. 20 December 2010. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Hubbard, Russell (1 March 2011). "Trussville's Amerex buys Norwegian Solberg Scandinavian AS that has foam-based fire suppression system". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "McWane and China". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth; Junek, Greg (2 March 2008). "Tyler Pipe Workers Note Change for the Better". Tyler Telegraph. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (8 January 2003). "At a Texas Foundry, An Indifference to Life". New York Times. 
^ Barstow, David (30 August 2005). "Pipe Maker Will Admit to Violations of Safety Law". New York Times. 
^ a b Mcwane agrees to resolve environmental violations, US Justice Dept press release, 14 July 2010 accessed 17 July 2010, http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/July/10-ag-802.html
^ "Alabama pipemaker McWane in $13M pact with EPA". Associated Press. 15 July 2010. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Associated Press, Alabama pipemaker mcwane in $13 m pact with epa, 15 July 2010. Retrieved 17 July 2010, http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/07/15/ap/business/main6681130.shtml
^ PBS Frontline documentary about McWane
^ "A Dangerous Company Revisited". Frontline. PBS. 2008. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Johnson, Dave (3 June 2010). "10 essentials of McWane’s culture change". Industrial Safety & Hygiene News. 
^ Hubbard, Russel (10 May 2007). "McWane foundry to pay almost $2 million; Company reported own environmental breaches". Birmingham News. 
^ Page, G. Ruffner (14 November 2007). "Letter from G. Ruffner Page to PBS and the New York Times" (PDF). PBS.org. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ United States of America v. Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co., et al. (U.S. District Court of New Jersey 29 April 2009).
^ "McWane, Inc. Resolves Environmental Issues with EPA Through Innovative and Transparent Settlement". PR Newswire. 14 July 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (9 January 2003). "A Family's Fortune, a Legacy of Blood and Tears". New York Times. 
^ "About Vulcan". Visit Vulcan. Retrieved 17 March 2011. 
^ Velasco, Anna (29 January 2009). "Birmingham, Alabama Children'sHospital to clear site for green-friendly medical facility". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Pacific States Playground". Minor League Baseball. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Chamblee Rose Garden Project". Tyler Union. 18 April 2009. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Corporate donations". Mahaska Health. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Atlantic States getting annual Phillipsburg festival ready for 2009". Lehigh Valley Live. 25 July 2008. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Center for Responsive Politics, Sen. Jeff Sessions". 18 May 2017. Retrieved 18 June 2017. 



External links[edit]

McWane, Inc. - Company Website
New York Times coverage of McWane
U.S. Department of Justice - U.S. v. McWane Corp.





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=McWane&oldid=786288203"					
Categories: Companies based in Birmingham, AlabamaCompanies established in 1921Privately held companies based in AlabamaHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse dmy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 13:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









McWane - Wikipedia





















 






McWane

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


McWane, Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Manufacturing


Founded
1921


Headquarters
Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.



Key people

C. Phillip McWane, Chairman
G. Ruffner Page, President


Products
Pipes, fittings, compressed air tanks, fire extinguishers


Revenue
$1.7 billion USD (2014)



Number of employees

6,000


Website
www.mcwane.com


McWane, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of iron water works and plumbing products and one of America’s largest privately owned companies.[1] The company manufactures products including ductile iron pipe and fittings, fire hydrants, cast iron soil pipe and fittings, and related products.[2] McWane is also a manufacturer of pressurized cylinders for the storage of propane and other gases through its Manchester Tank and Equipment Company division, and fire protection systems and extinguishers through its Amerex subsidiary.[3]
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, McWane is a privately held, family owned company employing almost 6,000 people in 25 facilities nationwide.[2] In addition to the United States, the company has operations in Australia, Canada, Chile, China, India, Norway and the United Arab Emirates. Its operating revenues are estimated at approximately $1.5 to 2 billion as of 2011[update].[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Growth and expansion

2.1 Domestic acquisitions
2.2 International expansion
2.3 China


3 Environmental and safety issues

3.1 Criminal and civil violations
3.2 Commitment to safety and environment
3.3 Independent review and recognition


4 Philanthropy
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
J. R. McWane founded the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1921 in Birmingham, Alabama, where it has maintained its headquarters since. McWane introduced innovations to foundry technology and processes. He also introduced progressive initiatives to improve working conditions.[5] In 1920, one year before the founding of McWane, J.R. McWane wrote, "The industry that maintains an army of workers without regard to their working and living conditions, their health, recreations, religious and social life cannot succeed in the largest sense."[6] His vision is referred to within the company as "The McWane Way",[7] and can be summarized as aiming to improve both the methods of work and the lives of the workers, rather than focusing only on financial gain.[6]
However, by 2002 media investigations by The New York Times and others revealed serious workplace safety and environmental violations. Fines and criminal convictions followed.[8] As a result, reforms are reported to have been made.
In 2006, McWane’s Atlantic States plant in New Jersey became the first foundry in North America to apply technology to substantially limit mercury emissions. The following year, a McWane plant was the first iron and brass foundry in the country to be recognized as a Voluntary Protection Program site by OSHA.[9]
Growth and expansion[edit]
Domestic acquisitions[edit]
The company has grown mainly through acquisition of other domestic foundries and related enterprises. In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company. Later, McWane acquired Empire Coke Company in 1962, Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1975, and Union Foundry Company in 1977. Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco. In 1999, McWane bought two more companies: Manchester Tank & Equipment of Brentwood, Tennessee and Amerex Corporation of Trussville, Alabama, expanding its manufacturing of fire extinguishers.[10][11]
Along with McWane's original operations, the subsidiary companies acquired by the company formed its seven divisions: ductile iron pipe, waterworks valves and fire hydrants,[10] soil pipe, soil fittings and utility fittings,[12][13] propane and compressed air, fire extinguishers, and coal.[14]
International expansion[edit]
McWane's international expansion began in 1989 when it acquired Canada Pipe Company, in Hamilton, Ontario, an iron pipe plant owned by Canron Inc. of Toronto.[15] After entering the Canadian market in 1989, McWane established Clow Canada in 1990, with manufacturing operations in Saint John, New Brunswick. The Saint John operation had operated as Thomas McAvity & Company between 1834 and 1960 before it was sold to Crane Canada Ltd.[16] Through Canada Pipe, McWane also acquired the Bibby Companies in 1997. McWane then extended its operations to Australia in 1999 with the acquisition of Manchester Tank & Equipment Company.[10] In 2005, the company built a new foundry, the Tyler Xian Xian Foundry Company, in Hebei, China[11] and in 2010, McWane acquired Manchester Tank & Equipment Cemcogas SA in Santiago, Chile.[17] Finally, through Amerex, McWane acquired Solberg Scandinavian AS, an independent firefighting foam agent manufacturer based in Bergen, Norway.[18]
China[edit]
In 2003, in response to increasing pressure to move operations overseas due to competition from importers, McWane filed a petition with the International Trade Commission asking for relief from Chinese competition. The commission unanimously approved McWane’s petition and recommended that President George W. Bush impose a three-year import quota on China's waterworks fittings and tariffs of up to 50 percent on imports exceeding the quota. However, in March 2004, President Bush decided not to adopt the commission's recommendation.[12] Following this decision, McWane opted to begin manufacturing its products both domestically and overseas. To that end, in 2005, it opened a plant in China's Hebei Province. The company was named the "Excellent Environmental Protection Facility of 2006" by the Cangzhou Environmental Protection Bureau.[19]
Environmental and safety issues[edit]
Following McWane's rapid growth in the 1990s, it was reported that the company had an increased number of health and safety violations.[20] In 2003, a series of joint print and broadcast reports by the New York Times, PBS and the Canadian Broadcast Corporation reported serious safety and environmental problems at McWane plants. According to the reports, there were 4,600 recorded injuries, nine deaths and more than 400 Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations between 1995 and 2003.[21]
Criminal and civil violations[edit]
Following the media reports, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) launched an intensive investigation into McWane’s safety and environmental practices.[22] Federal regulators brought formal charges against McWane facilities and managers, resulting in $25 million in fines and prison sentences of up to 70 months for four McWane plant managers.[9][23] Regulators also charged McWane with more than 400 air and water quality violations. The company resolved the bulk of the environmental violations in 2010, when it agreed to pay $4 million in civil penalties and spend another $9.1 million on environmental projects in communities near its plants.[24] This agreement covered 28 of the company's manufacturing facilities in 14 states, and resolves violations including the Clean Air Act. the Clean Water Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and three other federal acts.[23] McWane President Ruffner Page Jr. said the agreement was "the beginning of the final chapter" in McWane's effort to be in full compliance.[25]
PBS Frontline aired an updated version of "A Dangerous Business", entitled "A Dangerous Business Revisited", on 5 February 2008 on most PBS stations throughout the U.S. Included in this version was additional reporting regarding federal prosecutions against McWane, Inc. since the original airing, as well as checking the OSHA data to verify whether McWane, Inc.'s new safety standards have made working conditions truly safer for its foundry employees.[26]
Commitment to safety and environment[edit]
Prior to the media reports, the company had been implementing changes to its operating practices since 2000, according to McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page.[20] Following the 2003 investigations, McWane continued to reform its safety and environmental practices, bringing on new management and implementing new safety procedures. The company replaced 90 percent of its senior management and added 125 new environmental, health and safety, and human resources positions since 1999.[27] In addition, McWane spent over $300 million on environmental protection and health and safety (EHS), and implemented a centralised EHS management system to detect environmental, and health and safety problems.[28] It also began self-reporting oversights to authorities.[29] McWane updated its Ethics and Compliance Policy and created a training and educational program for EHS and management skills. To ensure legal compliance, the company implemented oversight mechanisms and incentive schemes, including internal and external (third party) audits and a financial incentive program for managers based upon EHS performance, an appropriate range of disciplinary actions for noncompliance, along with a confidential, 24-hour phone line for reporting suspected violations and other concerns.[30]
Independent review and recognition[edit]
In a 2006 letter to the EPA, international president of the United Steelworkers Leo Gerard wrote that McWane's current management ”has shown a dramatic change in attitude” and that “current safely practices at McWane are as good as or better than any of its competitors."[9] During sentencing of the company in a case regarding environmental damages in New Jersey, U.S. District Court Judge Mary Cooper concluded, "A night and day difference has been accomplished, not by wishful thinking, but by determined and sustained effort at all levels. They are determined to continue to serve in all the ways that they serve and to do everything they can to prevent environmental, health, and safety damage to anyone."[31]
As a result of the changes implemented by McWane, the company, and its operating divisions and subsidiaries have received local and national recognition and awards. The company's Union Foundry has won safety awards, including Alabama's highest safety award from the Alabama Department of Industrial Relations.[9][13] The company's Pacific States plant received both the Utah Department of Environmental Quality’s Outstanding Achievement in Pollution Prevention Award and the Provo/Orem Chamber of Commerce’s "Business of the Year" award in 2007.[9] In 2008, the Birmingham Business Journal named McWane president G. Ruffner Page as its Green Business Leader of the Year. as of 2010[update], seven McWane plants have been admitted into OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), a program that recognizes exemplary health and safety programs, and a status that fewer than 1% of all U.S. workplaces attain.[32]
Philanthropy[edit]




Vulcan statue at the center of Vulcan Park, Birmingham, Alabama.


The McWane family and company is noted for its charitable work in Alabama and in communities where its plants are located. The family pledged $10 million to the McWane Science Center, and they have also donated to cultural institutions such as the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The company offers undergraduate scholarships to Alabama college students. The McWane family also donated $2 million to the 1999 restoration of the Birmingham’s famous Vulcan statue, which was originally cast in 1904 by J. R. McWane’s foundry[5][33] and is the largest cast iron statue in the world.[34] The Alabama Chapter of Fundraising Professionals awarded McWane its Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year Award in 2005. The city of Birmingham has also recognized McWane several times for its beautification and summer arts programs.[9] In 2009, the McWane Foundation pledged $5 million to Alabama’s Children’s Hospital for the construction of an environmentally friendly hospital. In addition to the gift from the McWane Foundation, Phillip and Heather McWane personally pledged an additional $5 million for a clinical program in the new hospital.[35]
Outside of Alabama, McWane's subsidiaries have contributed to charitable causes and community resources,[36][37] including a $30,000 donation to the Community Health and Mahaska Hospice for the renovation of the former Family Medical Center building, now called the Mahaska Health West building by the Clow Valve Company.[38] In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.[39]
According to Federal Election Commission data, McWane Inc. was the top contributor to then-Senator Jeff Sessions' campaign committee from 2011 to 2016.[40]
See also[edit]

Foundry
Cast iron
Cast-iron architecture

References[edit]



^ "The Largest Private Companies: McWane". Forbes. 9 November 2006. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b "About Us". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ "Steel Fabrication". McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Boyle, Megan; West, Erica (June 2011). "Alabama’s Largest Private Companies". Business Alabama Magazine. 
^ a b Shaw, Arch Wilkinson (1920). "James R. McWane". The Magazine of Business. 38: 841–845. Retrieved 3 March 2011. 
^ a b McWane, James Ransom (1920). Acipco: A Story of Modern Industrial Relations. Birmingham: American Cast Iron Pipe Company. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "The McWane Way" (PDF). McWane.com. McWane Inc. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ PBS Frontline, "A Dangerous Business," http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/workplace/mcwane/
^ a b c d e f "A Dangerous Business Revisited". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ a b c "McWane Corporation -- Corporate History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ a b "Timeline". McWane.com. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth (12 April 2005). "Future uncertain for remaining Tyler Pipe workers". Tyler Telegraph. 
^ a b "McWane's Union Foundry recognized for exemplary safety". Birmingham Business Journal. 11 October 2005. Retrieved 5 March 2011. 
^ "McWane Locations". McWane. Retrieved 6 March 2011. 
^ Romain, Ken (5 July 1989). "Canron pipe plant sold to U.S. giant". The Globe and Mail.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Clow Canada Limited, Company history. Accessed July 21, 2014.
^ "McWane Inc acquires Cemcogas SA from Empresas CEM". Alacra Store. 20 December 2010. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Hubbard, Russell (1 March 2011). "Trussville's Amerex buys Norwegian Solberg Scandinavian AS that has foam-based fire suppression system". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "McWane and China". PBS Frontline. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ a b Dean, Kenneth; Junek, Greg (2 March 2008). "Tyler Pipe Workers Note Change for the Better". Tyler Telegraph. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (8 January 2003). "At a Texas Foundry, An Indifference to Life". New York Times. 
^ Barstow, David (30 August 2005). "Pipe Maker Will Admit to Violations of Safety Law". New York Times. 
^ a b Mcwane agrees to resolve environmental violations, US Justice Dept press release, 14 July 2010 accessed 17 July 2010, http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/July/10-ag-802.html
^ "Alabama pipemaker McWane in $13M pact with EPA". Associated Press. 15 July 2010. Retrieved 18 April 2015. 
^ Associated Press, Alabama pipemaker mcwane in $13 m pact with epa, 15 July 2010. Retrieved 17 July 2010, http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/07/15/ap/business/main6681130.shtml
^ PBS Frontline documentary about McWane
^ "A Dangerous Company Revisited". Frontline. PBS. 2008. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ Johnson, Dave (3 June 2010). "10 essentials of McWane’s culture change". Industrial Safety & Hygiene News. 
^ Hubbard, Russel (10 May 2007). "McWane foundry to pay almost $2 million; Company reported own environmental breaches". Birmingham News. 
^ Page, G. Ruffner (14 November 2007). "Letter from G. Ruffner Page to PBS and the New York Times" (PDF). PBS.org. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ United States of America v. Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co., et al. (U.S. District Court of New Jersey 29 April 2009).
^ "McWane, Inc. Resolves Environmental Issues with EPA Through Innovative and Transparent Settlement". PR Newswire. 14 July 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ Barstow, David; Bergman, Lowell (9 January 2003). "A Family's Fortune, a Legacy of Blood and Tears". New York Times. 
^ "About Vulcan". Visit Vulcan. Retrieved 17 March 2011. 
^ Velasco, Anna (29 January 2009). "Birmingham, Alabama Children'sHospital to clear site for green-friendly medical facility". The Birmingham News. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Pacific States Playground". Minor League Baseball. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Chamblee Rose Garden Project". Tyler Union. 18 April 2009. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Corporate donations". Mahaska Health. Retrieved 28 July 2011. 
^ "Atlantic States getting annual Phillipsburg festival ready for 2009". Lehigh Valley Live. 25 July 2008. Retrieved 27 July 2011. 
^ "Center for Responsive Politics, Sen. Jeff Sessions". 18 May 2017. Retrieved 18 June 2017. 



External links[edit]

McWane, Inc. - Company Website
New York Times coverage of McWane
U.S. Department of Justice - U.S. v. McWane Corp.





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=McWane&oldid=786288203"					
Categories: Companies based in Birmingham, AlabamaCompanies established in 1921Privately held companies based in AlabamaHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse dmy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 13:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC USDOT 1507801 in KERSEY, PA 15846Get new DOT applicants 3 days faster than anywhere elseLoad BoardSign UpSign In-- Menu: Choose a page --What We DoSign UpTruck Driving JobsIndustriesSolutionsLoad BoardWhat We DoIndustriesInsuranceFinance / Factoring / CreditPermits & ComplianceDOT Drug TestingLegalGPS & TelecommunicationsFuel CardsEquipment & LeasingTools & TiresCarriersBrokersShippersSolutionsCarrier MonitoringMotor Carrier & Freight Broker LeadsData FeedsCustom CRM With DOT DataAPI IntegrationJobsLoad BoardDOT# 1507801  Warnings This company has no SAFER profileDONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC dba CONCRETE SPECIALISTS1219 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAY
     KERSEY, PA   15846(814) 781-7972Get Company ReportGet Key ContactsGet Credit ReportApply for Driver JobsSearch for JobsPublic Listing for DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INCHomeUSA Trucking CompaniesPAKERSEYDONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INCKey ContactsIdentify and reach decision makers who have been verified by multiple sources.Official Contact:NamePhoneEmailNone on fileDOT Contact:NameAddressPhoneFaxNone on fileGet Key ContactsOverviewAddress:1219 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAY
     KERSEY, PA   15846Mailing Address:1219 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAY
     KERSEY, PA   15846Phone/Fax:Get phone number(814) 781-7972Phone:Get phone number(814) 781-7972Fax:(814) 781-1076Email:Available in Company ReportDOT Number:1507801Docket Number:BOC-3:Power Units:1Drivers:2Get Company ReportThe Industries Best Motor Carrier & Trucking Company LeadsGet access to decision maker's names, emails, and phone numbers New DOT applicants added within 5 minutes of their applicationFind companies by fleet size, location, policy renewals, new venturesOver 2.2 million records updated every 24 hoursExport targeted lead listsThe only service providing decision maker names, personal emails and phone numbers pre-authorityInsuranceInsurance CoverageTypeInsurerPolicy#DateFromToAvailable in Company ReportAvailable in Company ReportNo insurance coverage information on file with the DOT.Insurance Requirements Insurance RequiredInsurance on FileBIPDCargoBondNo insurance requirements on file with the DOT.View InsuranceLocal Truck Driving Jobs for HireGet the latest jobs sent directly to your inbox. We do the searching for you!Find Truck Driving JobsGet Job Alerts - View JobFind Truck Driving JobsFraud PreventionCheck for "chameleon" companies who use different names and docket numbers (MC, MX, FF). Check for FraudInspection ReportsView detailed DOT inspection reports, view states DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC has hauled in, and even get truck and trailer information.  Inspections  States  VINSNo inspection reports on file with the DOT.Report#DateStateVIN#'sTruck VIN: Trailer VIN: Truck & Trailer  Info InspectionsView InspectionsCargoProperty:Passenger:Household:Private:Enterprise:No cargo authorization on file with the DOT.General FreightLiquids/GasesChemicalsHousehold GoodsIntermodal Cont.Commodities Dry BulkMetal: Sheets, Coils, RollsPassengersRefrigerated FoodMotor VehiclesOilfield EquipmentBeveragesDrive/Tow AwayLivestockPaper ProductsLogs, Poles, Beams, LumberGrain, Feed, HayUtilitiesBuilding MaterialsCoal/CokeAgricultural/Farm SuppliesMobile HomesMeatConstructionMachinery, Large ObjectsGarbage/RefuseWater WellFresh ProduceUS MailFind Carriers By CargoAuthority StatusCommon:PENDINGContract:PENDINGBroker:PENDINGNo authority status on file with the DOT.Operating StatusOperating Status:ACTIVEOut of Service Date:NoneNo Operating Status on file with the DOT.Safety RatingsSafety Rating:NoneRating Date:None Review Type:NoneReview Date:NoneNo safety ratings on file at the DOT.Which Best Describes You? Shipper Freight Broker Carrier Service Provider (Wanting leads)Roadside InspectionsTotal Inspections:0Driver Inspections:0Driver OOS Inspections:0Driver OOS Percentage:0%Vehicle Inspections:0Vehicle OOS Inspections:0Vehicle OOS Percentage:0%Mileage:13000MCS-150 Filed:01/26/2010Carrier OperationInterstate:YESNOIntrastate Only (HM):YESNOIntrastate Only (Non-HM):YESNOOperation ClassificationAuth for HireU.S. MailExempt for HireFederal GovernmentState GovernmentLocal GovernmentPrivate PropertyPrivate Passenger (Business)Private Passenger (Non-business)Indian NationMigrantDisclaimer:FreightConnect does not make any claims that DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC is an actual trucking company or carrier. DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC information is sourced from the DOT and is public information, made available through the FOIA.If you see incorrect information on this page, contact the DOT directly to make changes to this record. Changes recorded by the DOT will be automatically updated within 24 hours on FreightConnect. FreightConnect does not modify, edit or remove information about companies. The source of all this information is from the DOT / FMCSA (SAFER, Licensing & Insurance, CSA). As the owner of this business, you can update your own information by contacting the DOT, and as an unrelated entity, you can challenge information that is on file for a company.Any warnings shown on this profile is not a reflection of company but is based off publicly available information. Warnings point out if a carrier has inactive authority (common, contract and broker authority), their Operating Status is not active (out of service, not authorized, record inactive), their safety rating is conditional or unsatisfactory, as well as if the company has an outdated MCS-150. As the owner of this business, you have full control over the warnings the DOT displays about your company. We strongly encourage you to contact the DOT to fix your outstanding issues that they've noted about your business.Get Access to FreightConnectTo print information about DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC, you'll need to sign up for FreightConnect. We've made it easy for you to print this information with Carrier Compliance Certificates.Why You'll Love FreightConnect:You can monitor thousands of carrier's all at the same timeEmail alerts notify you when safety & compliance info changesFind fraudulent trucking companiesSame easy to use interface on phones, tablets or computersHow To Get StartedGo to www.freightconnect.com/sign-up and create your account.Have Questions? Call us at 877-832-3035 M - F 7am to 5pm.This page printed at FreightConnect (https://www.freightconnect.com/carrier/55008175f5e62a5ba7e33eb2).A platform by AvagreeHomeWhat We DoIndustriesSolutionsLoad BoardSearch Trucking CompaniesUS Trucking CompaniesNew US Trucking CompaniesRefrigerated Trucking CompaniesFreight Broker CompaniesJobsSearch Driving JobsCarrier MonitoringMotor Carrier LeadsAdvertiseTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyRefund PolicyAbout FreightConnectContact UsSupportCopyright © . All Rights Reserved.×Inspection ReportInspection DetailsReport#  : Get the Full ReportTruck & TrailerInspection DetailsTruck DetailsTypeMakeLicense Plate & StateVIN /  / Unique ID:Report#Report State:Inspection Date:Inspection Level ID:County Code State:Time Weight:Driver OOS Total:Vehicle OOS Total:Total Hazment Sent:Hazmat Placard Required:Unsafe Inspection:Fatigued Inspection:Driver Fitness Inspection:Substance/Alcohol Inspection:Vehicle Maintenance Inspection:Hazmat Inspection:Basic Violation:Unsafe Violation:Fatigued Violation:Driver Fitness Violation:Substance/Alcohol Violation:VIN:Gross Vehicle Weight:Make:Manufacturer:Model:Model Year:Vehicle Type:×Order ReportGet Detailed Information about DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INCFor only $19.99, you can access all premium data about DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC. Reports include:Warning messagesEmail addressKey contacts listedChameleon carriers with same or similar informationRoadside inspection reportsVehicles owned including VIN numbersStates (lanes) traveledDOT Insurance information on fileOrder Company ReportEnter your email for a transaction receipt:Complete $19.99 PaymentYou will be emailed carrier details including the key contacts that we have on file for DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC. Not all companies have key contact information, inspection data, VINS or insurance on file. The information you see on this page is what you will get. All payments include sales tax. Not all information on file will be emailed to you. All information shown on this page, and in the company report is sourced from public data at the DOT. You are purchasing this report at your own risk and is subject to our refund policy. Intrastate carriers will most likely not have insurance on file at the DOT's Licensing and Insurance site and FreightConnect makes no claims that DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC is or is not sufficiently insured.Your report is on the wayCheck your email inbox and spam folder for details on DONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC.Close Window×Job AlertsPowered by ZipRecruiterAll DOT Trucking Companies in the USAGet new DOT applicants 3 days faster than anywhere elseLoad BoardSign UpSign In-- Menu: Choose a page --What We DoSign UpTruck Driving JobsIndustriesSolutionsLoad BoardWhat We DoIndustriesInsuranceFinance / Factoring / CreditPermits & ComplianceDOT Drug TestingLegalGPS & TelecommunicationsFuel CardsEquipment & LeasingTools & TiresCarriersBrokersShippersSolutionsCarrier MonitoringMotor Carrier & Freight Broker LeadsData FeedsCustom CRM With DOT DataAPI IntegrationJobsLoad BoardHomeUSA Trucking CompaniesFind US DOT Registered Trucking Companies & Motor CarriersLook up contact and compliance information for all registered trucking companies in the United States... even brand new registrations! NewView All New USA Trucking CompaniesChoose a US State to View Trucking CompaniesAll Trucking Companies in AlabamaAll Trucking Companies in AlaskaAll Trucking Companies in American SamoaAll Trucking Companies in ArizonaAll Trucking Companies in ArkansasAll Trucking Companies in CaliforniaAll Trucking Companies in ColoradoAll Trucking Companies in ConnecticutAll Trucking Companies in DelawareAll Trucking Companies in District Of ColumbiaAll Trucking Companies in Federated States Of MicronesiaAll Trucking Companies in FloridaAll Trucking Companies in GeorgiaAll Trucking Companies in GuamAll Trucking Companies in HawaiiAll Trucking Companies in IdahoAll Trucking Companies in IllinoisAll Trucking Companies in IndianaAll Trucking Companies in IowaAll Trucking Companies in KansasAll Trucking Companies in KentuckyAll Trucking Companies in LouisianaAll Trucking Companies in MaineAll Trucking Companies in Marshall IslandsAll Trucking Companies in MarylandAll Trucking Companies in MassachusettsAll Trucking Companies in MichiganAll Trucking Companies in MinnesotaAll Trucking Companies in MississippiAll Trucking Companies in MissouriAll Trucking Companies in MontanaAll Trucking Companies in NebraskaAll Trucking Companies in NevadaAll Trucking Companies in New HampshireAll Trucking Companies in New JerseyAll Trucking Companies in New MexicoAll Trucking Companies in New YorkAll Trucking Companies in North CarolinaAll Trucking Companies in North DakotaAll Trucking Companies in Northern Mariana IslandsAll Trucking Companies in OhioAll Trucking Companies in OklahomaAll Trucking Companies in OregonAll Trucking Companies in PalauAll Trucking Companies in PennsylvaniaAll Trucking Companies in Puerto RicoAll Trucking Companies in Rhode IslandAll Trucking Companies in South CarolinaAll Trucking Companies in South DakotaAll Trucking Companies in TennesseeAll Trucking Companies in TexasAll Trucking Companies in UtahAll Trucking Companies in VermontAll Trucking Companies in Virgin IslandsAll Trucking Companies in VirginiaAll Trucking Companies in WashingtonAll Trucking Companies in West VirginiaAll Trucking Companies in WisconsinAll Trucking Companies in WyomingA platform by AvagreeHomeWhat We DoIndustriesSolutionsLoad BoardSearch Trucking CompaniesUS Trucking CompaniesNew US Trucking CompaniesRefrigerated Trucking CompaniesFreight Broker CompaniesJobsSearch Driving JobsCarrier MonitoringMotor Carrier LeadsAdvertiseTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyRefund PolicyAbout FreightConnectContact UsSupportCopyright © . All Rights Reserved.×Try FreightConnectSign Up For FreightConnectGet the most up-to-date carrier contact & compliance information available anywhere. Use FreightConnect for prospecting new leads, monitoring safety and compliance (3PL's, Brokers, etc) or just to get primary contact information.Sign Up Now×Export to CSVExport carriers that match your search criteria to a CSV file.Sign Up To ExportAll KERSEY, PA Trucking Companies & Motor CarriersGet new DOT applicants 3 days faster than anywhere elseLoad BoardSign UpSign In-- Menu: Choose a page --What We DoSign UpTruck Driving JobsIndustriesSolutionsLoad BoardWhat We DoIndustriesInsuranceFinance / Factoring / CreditPermits & ComplianceDOT Drug TestingLegalGPS & TelecommunicationsFuel CardsEquipment & LeasingTools & TiresCarriersBrokersShippersSolutionsCarrier MonitoringMotor Carrier & Freight Broker LeadsData FeedsCustom CRM With DOT DataAPI IntegrationJobsLoad BoardHomeUSA Trucking CompaniesPAKERSEYFind US DOT Registered Trucking Companies & Motor Carriers in KERSEY, PennsylvaniaLook up contact and compliance information for all registered trucking companies in KERSEY, Pennsylvania... even brand new registrations! NewView All New KERSEY, PA Trucking CompaniesChoose a Trucking Company in KERSEY, Pennsylvania 1 WarningBEIMEL TRANSPORTATION INC dba BEIMEL TRANSPORTATION SERVICESMC435458DOT# 1037590Drivers: 44Power Units: 28420 UHL ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8990View Trucking Company 1 WarningCENTURY CUSTOM HOMES & GARAGES dba DANIEL M MEYERDOT# 3007543Drivers: 2Power Units: 1204 HILLTOP DRKERSEY, PA 15846-9224Phone: (814) 834-1822View Trucking Company 0 WarningsCHARLES L KLINE dba C L KLINE TRUCKINGDOT# 975044Drivers: 1Power Units: 1188 COAL HOLLOWKERSEY, PA 15853Phone: (814) 885-8810View Trucking Company 1 WarningCOPELLO LOGGING LLCMC986417DOT# 2920367Drivers: 1Power Units: 1546 BRANDY CAMP RDKERSEY, PA 15846-1902Phone: (814) 885-8010View Trucking Company 0 WarningsDANIEL B COUDRIET dba ST MARYS AUTO WRECKERSDOT# 8958521388 MILLION DOLLAR HWYKERSEY, PA 15846View Trucking Company 1 WarningDANIEL M MEYER dba CENTURY CUSTOM HOMES & GARAGESDOT# 2636749Drivers: 1Power Units: 1204 HILLTOP DRKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 594-4632View Trucking Company 1 WarningDINSMORE WELDING & FABRICATING INCDOT# 2422699Drivers: 2Power Units: 331 INNOVATIVE DRKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-6407View Trucking Company 1 WarningDONALD G RUFFNER JR-RUFFNER ENTERPRISES INC dba CONCRETE SPECIALISTSDOT# 1507801Drivers: 2Power Units: 11219 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAYKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 781-7972View Trucking Company 1 WarningELK COUNTY PROPERTY MANAGEMENT LLCDOT# 2958347Drivers: 1114 HOFFMAN RDKERSEY, PA 15846-9406Phone: (814) 335-8126View Trucking Company 0 WarningsELK COUNTY TRUCKING, INC.MC361130DOT# 811952800 BRANDY CAMP ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-6524View Trucking Company 1 WarningGM EQUIPMENT CORPMC751176DOT# 1910181Drivers: 4Power Units: 51229 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAYKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 834-0062View Trucking Company 1 WarningHERBSTRITT SONSDOT# 2429053Drivers: 1Power Units: 4405 MAIN STREETKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8739View Trucking Company 1 WarningJAMIE DOWIE dba DOWIE SKID STEER SERVICEDOT# 2211071Drivers: 1Power Units: 1196 SOUTH KERSEY ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-6869View Trucking Company 0 WarningsJEROME C MITCHELLDOT# 300988BOX 107KERSEY, PA 15846View Trucking Company 0 WarningsJM DELULLO STONE SALES INCDOT# 2120621Drivers: 2Power Units: 21247 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAYKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 834-1914View Trucking Company 0 WarningsJM DELULLO STONE SALES INCMC905150DOT# 2120621Drivers: 2Power Units: 21247 MILLION DOLLAR HIGHWAYKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 834-1914 Fax: (814) 834-2826View Trucking Company 1 WarningJOSEPH W MARTELL dba J W MARTELL SALVAGEDOT# 1321377Drivers: 2Power Units: 2295 FAIRVIEW ROAD RTE 948KERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8521View Trucking Company 1 WarningJUDE F MEYER dba ELK CO RUSTIC FURNITUREDOT# 2420712Drivers: 1Power Units: 1420 OLD KERSEY ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 781-7044View Trucking Company 1 WarningKEVIN WOLFEL dba CLEAN STEP BY SUMMIT INCDOT# 2340667Drivers: 4Power Units: 11213 MILLION DOLLAR HWYKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 788-5059View Trucking Company 1 WarningMCDERMOTT WELDING dba WELDINGDOT# 2792472Drivers: 3Power Units: 1585 WEST MAIN STREETKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-6463View Trucking Company 1 WarningMICALE SERVICE INCDOT# 937739Drivers: 2Power Units: 1416 MAIN STKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8048View Trucking Company 1 WarningOUTDOOR MAINTENANCE SERVICEDOT# 2901110409 OLD KERSEY RDKERSEY, PA 15846-2817Phone: (814) 834-1029View Trucking Company 0 WarningsRAYMOND G BELLOTTIMC221061DOT# 345191760 BRANDY CAMP ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8497View Trucking Company 1 WarningRAYMOND POLLINO dba POLLINO EXCAVATINGDOT# 2285749Drivers: 2Power Units: 2645 LAVENS LANE EXTKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8644View Trucking Company 0 WarningsROBERT BELLOTTI dba ROBBY BELLOTTI TRUCKINGMC383368DOT# 847234744 BRANDY CAMP ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-6743View Trucking Company 1 WarningSHAWN SHEELEYDOT# 2845469Drivers: 1Power Units: 1130 SHEELEY RDKERSEY, PA 15846-2034Phone: (814) 594-4421View Trucking Company 1 WarningSTEVEN HOFFMAN dba HOFFMAN HOME RENOVATIONDOT# 2547414Drivers: 2Power Units: 21200 MILLION DOLLAR HWYKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 788-5007View Trucking Company 1 WarningTHOMPSON HILL HOMES INC dba SUMMIT OVERHEAD DOORS INCDOT# 2975584Drivers: 1Power Units: 11213 MILLION DOLLAR HWYKERSEY, PA 15846-9429Phone: (814) 788-5059View Trucking Company 1 WarningVOLLMER BROTHERS EXCAVATINGDOT# 2757657Drivers: 2Power Units: 1132 HOGBACK ROADKERSEY, PA 15846Phone: (814) 885-8203View Trucking CompanyA platform by AvagreeHomeWhat We DoIndustriesSolutionsLoad BoardSearch Trucking CompaniesUS Trucking CompaniesNew US Trucking CompaniesRefrigerated Trucking CompaniesFreight Broker CompaniesJobsSearch Driving JobsCarrier MonitoringMotor Carrier LeadsAdvertiseTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyRefund PolicyAbout FreightConnectContact UsSupportCopyright © . All Rights Reserved.×Try FreightConnectSign Up For FreightConnectGet the most up-to-date carrier contact & compliance information available anywhere. Use FreightConnect for prospecting new leads, monitoring safety and compliance (3PL's, Brokers, etc) or just to get primary contact information.Sign Up Now×Export to CSVExport carriers that match your search criteria to a CSV file.Sign Up To Export