

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Palmer Square Capital Management - Mutual Funds































Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund (PSOIX)



 The Fund seeks a high level of current income, as well as long-term capital appreciation by investing in a diversified portfolio of both investment grade as well as non-investment grade floating rate securities. Advisors must obtain approval to purchase the Fund.    Please contact Palmer Square at investorrelations@palmersquarecap.com or 816.994.3200 for more information.



How to invest in the Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund




Prospectus


Statement of Additional Information


Annual Report


Semi-Annual Report


Repurchase Offer Period Schedule



The Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund is distributed by Foreside Fund Services LLC.




Distinctly Qualified
Palmer Square personnel possess a deep skillset and investment experience in credit, hedging and risk management.

Contact Us




  







 Palmer Square

Home
About Palmer Square
Contact Us


Investment Solutions
 
Overview
Income Plus Fund
Opportunistic Income Fund  Ultra-Short Duration Investment Grade Fund
Absolute Return Fund
Alternative Income Fund




We provide investment advisory services and proprietary funds focused specifically on alternative investments. 



Investor Resources



Overview
How to Invest



Explore our latest research on prevailing market trends.



 About Palmer Square



About Us



We are defined by our philosophy and guided by our business principles as we invest and serve clients globally.



Contact Us 












You are now leaving the Mutual Fund site and entering the Advisor site.  Close Continue 


 
Investment Solutions
Overview
Income Plus Fund
Opportunistic Income Fund  Ultra-Short Duration Investment Grade Fund
Absolute Return Fund
Alternative Income Fund



Investor Resources

Overview

 
About Palmer Square

Investment Team
Newsroom



 Palmer Square Capital Management - Focused on Excellence in Credit and Alternatives

© Palmer Square Capital Management. All rights reserved.
Legal information
Privacy statement
News
Contact us

 
Palmer Square Capital Management LLC • 2000 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 300, Mission Woods, KS 66205



























 



 Palmer Square Signs Investment Deal with Geneva Arbitrage Fund, L.P. 
         










    










 






 











 









Palmer Square Signs Investment Deal with Geneva Arbitrage Fund, L.P.

		  Agreement provides further diversification to Palmer Square's family of alternative investment managers
		

Sep 17, 2012, 09:00 ET
		  		  								
						 from   Palmer Square Capital Management 











 
















































 

 




















 


LEAWOOD, Kan., Sept. 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Palmer Square Capital Management, along with Montage Investments and Atlantic Asset Management, today announced a partnership with Geneva Arbitrage Fund L.P.  Geneva invests in equity opportunities of companies that are engaged primarily in corporate transactions such as mergers and acquisitions while simultaneously seeking to reduce portfolio risk through hedging.  In addition to securing investment capital, the relationship provides Geneva with access to the distribution channels of Montage and Atlantic.
"We are thrilled to offer our investors access to the experience and innovation of Geneva," said Christopher D. Long, president of Palmer Square. "Geneva strictly adheres to an investment process that has a proven track record since its inception in 2004. We believe that Geneva's merger arbitrage strategy is the right one for our investors due to Geneva's in-depth risk management, experience and focus on capital preservation."
The agreement to partner with Geneva was done in affiliation with Montage Investments – a unique group of asset managers offering multiple investment solutions, including mutual funds, closed-end funds, separately managed accounts and alternative investments to financial intermediaries. The agreement was further enabled by Atlantic Asset Management, which has decades of experience identifying and partnering with talented emerging managers. 
According to Lance Eckel, founding partner of Geneva, "We are looking forward to expanding our strategy through our relationship with Palmer Square. At Geneva, we share a common focus with Palmer Square in that we strive to provide an innovative alternative strategy that can generate consistent returns with a constant emphasis on minimizing downside risk. It is because of this shared focus that we are confident we will be able to achieve great success with Palmer Square as a partner."
Gary Henson, president and chief investment officer of Montage commented, "It is exciting to partner with a firm such as Geneva that has such a high level of experience and focus. Geneva knows merger arbitrage inside and out.  By offering access to that knowledge and experience, we further Montage's mission of providing financial advisors unique alternative investment solutions that go beyond the traditional style boxes."
About Palmer Square Capital ManagementPalmer Square Capital Management provides investment advisory services and manages portfolios of hedge fund strategies for a diverse set of clients across high-net-worth, registered investment advisory firms, broker-dealers and institutions. 
Visit www.palmersquarecap.com
About Geneva Arbitrage Based in Bristol, PA, Geneva Arbitrage Fund L.P. is a private investment fund that began operations in January 2004. Geneva's investment managers apply decades of analytical experience as they identify opportunities to invest in companies that are engaged in corporate transactions, with a constant focus on capital preservation. 
About Montage InvestmentsMontage Investment brings together a unique group of institutional investment managers – each offering a distinct approach to money management that reflects many decades of professional experience and proprietary investment strategies across global asset classes. Currently managing more than $10 billion, the firm's organizational approach is to allow individual investment managers to retain boutique processes, talent and culture that have proven records of adding value to portfolios and meeting client objectives. 
Visit www.montageinvestments.com 
About Atlantic Asset ManagementAtlantic is an independent asset management firm formed in 1992. Atlantic, together with its independently managed affiliated companies, currently has more than $7 billion in assets under management in a variety of fixed income, asset allocation and specialized investment strategies, mostly servicing institutional investors. In addition, Atlantic's majority-owned subsidiary, ClearStructure Financial Technology LLC, offers management software for loan trading, managers of structured products, investment advisors and hedge fund managers. 
Visit www.atlanticasset.com 
 SOURCE  Palmer Square Capital Management  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.palmersquarecap.com
http://www.montageinvestments.com
http://www.atlanticasset.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 26, 2012, 10:22 ET
Preview: Palmer Square Capital Management Hires Industry Veteran Emily Colella













Feb 14, 2012, 09:30 ET
Preview: Palmer Square Signs Investment Deal with LNG Capital






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More





Mar 21, 2017, 10:00 ET
Palmer Square Income Plus Fund Receives 5-Star Overall...






 More news releases in:

  Banking & Financial Services
Financing Agreements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P.  Funding details


Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001467123IRS Number: 270400617Address: 4200 WEST 115TH STREET SUITE 100 LEAWOOD 66211Phone number: 816-994-3200



Latest news
Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P. raised $48,491,153 from 1 investor on 2016-11-08.



Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-08Amended Form DIndefinite$48,491,153Indefinite$250,000106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2012-02-16Amended Form DIndefinite$33,980,193Indefinite$250,0009606 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2010-07-19Amended Form DIndefinite$16,715,597Indefinite$250,0006606 3C.7[SEC Filing]2009-07-07New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$250,000006 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]Class A Interests
Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P. raised $48,491,153 in total.



Directors and Executives of Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P.
Key People in Palmer Square Opportunity Fund L.P.:

n/a Palmer Square Capital Advisors LLCn/a Palmer Square Capital Management LLCChristopher LongAngie Long
Similar companiesPalmer Austin Group, LLC, Palmer Square Multi-Strategy Fund L.P., Palmer Square Multi-Strategy Fund, Ltd., PALMER SQUARE EMERGING MANAGER FUND L.P., Palmer Square Emerging Manager Fund II L.P., Palmer Square Opportunistic Credit Fund LLC, Palmer Square Investment Grade Plus Trust, Palmer Square Opportunistic Investment Grade Plus Trust, Palmer Square Short Duration Investment Grade Fund LLC, PALMERSTON CREDIT MASTER FUND LP, PALMERSTON CREDIT FEEDER FUND Ltd, PALMER SQUARE OPPORTUNISTIC CREDIT FUND, LTD.








Last visited companies: OnPlan Holdings, LLC, Smart SKUs Inc., CORR-JENSEN INC., Battelle Investment Group, LLC, DESTRIER CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.























Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 























 


