





Homepage - Pamplona Funds


































Skip to content







Menu
















Pamplona Capital Management
Is a specialist investment manager that provides an alternative investment platform across private equity and single manager hedge fund investments. We manage assets for a variety of clients including public pension funds, international wealth managers, multinational corporations, family offices and funds of hedge funds.




Secure login


Username



Password






 Password reminder



















Overview - Pamplona Funds



































Skip to content







Menu














Overview



Since its inception in 2005, Pamplona has raised five private equity funds with over €7 billion of capital commitments
In June 2014, Pamplona launched its fourth private equity fund, Pamplona Capital Partners IV, LP, with €3.0 billion of committed capital
The funds are managed by a team of professionals, comprising 13 nationalities, with extensive experience in private equity investing
We invest long-term capital in market-leading companies that are managed by exceptional management teams
We have a highly flexible investment strategy across a broad range of asset classes, geographical markets and industry sectors, in both public and private market situations
We invest primarily in Europe and North America
The private equity team is based in London and New York
In October 2015, Pamplona launched Pamplona TMT I, L.P., a dedicated fund with $1 billion of committed capital, which will make equity investments in technology, media and telecom (TMT) companies


























Portfolio Overview - Pamplona Funds

































































Skip to content







Menu














Portfolio Overview


Current Portfolio





Overview
Date Invested



Fund IV
Deposition and litigation support solutions provider servicing law firms, Fortune 500 corporations and regulatory agencies across the United States

Jan 2016



Fund IV
Payment technology company that simplifies the complexities of patient payment management for hospitals and physicians

Dec 2015



Fund IV
A leading fiber-based service provider of data, voice and IP-based telecommunication services in the Mid-Atlantic

Aug 2015



Fund IV
nThrive is a patient-to-payment revenue cycle management solution company focused on helping healthcare providers better serve their communities.

Jul 2015



Fund IV
A leading European producer of private label and branded pet food products

Jul 2015



Fund IV
Company that is bringing cost transparency and quality metrics to the workers compensation specialty benefits management industry with an initial focus on radiology

Jun 2015



Fund IV
Provider of operating room efficiency solutions for hospitals in North America

Nov 2014



Fund IV
A leading remanufacturer and distributor of automotive products for the North American aftermarket

Nov 2014



Fund IV
The leading global provider of insurance telematics and connected-car services

Sep 2014



Fund III
A physician practice management and population health technology company serving independent physicians and large physician groups to enable risk-bearing contracts with payors

Sep 2014



Fund III
A leading multinational pharmaceuticals company focused on complex generic products

Apr 2014



Fund III
Offers a broad range of healthcare administrative services and a PPO network to self-insured employers and workers comp plans

Jan 2014



Fund III
The market leading provider of funeral services in France

Oct 2013



Fund III
The market-leading multi-family laundry service provider and the largest purveyor of pay air services for automobile tire inflation in North America.

May 2013



Fund II
Leading provider of drilling and engineering services to the oil and gas sector in the growth markets, Middle East, Africa and Russia and mature markets, Europe and North Sea

Mar 2008



Fund I
The world´s leading supplier of precast concrete machinery and equipment, production lines and complete production plants

Oct 2007



 
Historical Portfolio





Overview

Date Invested 
Date Exited



Fund IV
A leading manufacturer of highly engineered specialty films focused on fast-growing food, medical and protective applications

Feb 2015
May 2017



Fund III
A locomotive and railcar leasing company, focused on the UK and Continental European markets

May 2014
Apr 2017



Fund I
Liquid chemicals road transport business with primary operations in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Estonia and Russia

Jul 2005
Jul 2015



Fund III
Owns and operates the world’s largest land-based drilling rig fleet and has one of the largest completion services and workover and well servicing rig fleets in North America

Jul
2012
Sep 2014



Fund II
Two portfolios comprising > 2,000 UK residential mortgages together with simultaneous investment in mortgage-servicer

May – Jun
2010
Aug 2014



Fund II
Leading European producer of private label tissue products including toilet paper, kitchen towels, tissues, handkerchiefs and hand towels.

May
2010
May 2012



Fund II
One of the leading providers of tender rig operations to the global oil and gas industry.

Nov
2009
Oct 2011



Fund II
Leading friction materials supplier to the automotive industry – supplies brake pads and linings for passenger and commercial vehicles under a number of brand names and private labels

Apr
2009
Jan 2012



Fund II
Leading global producer of healthcare products, including diapers and femcare products

Mar
2009
Nov 2010



Fund I
Leading global supplier of raw materials and intermediate products to the ceramic tile and sanitary ware industries

Feb
2007
Dec 2008



Fund I
Largest wholesaler and in-store retailer of jewellery in Germany

Aug
2006
Jan 2011



Fund I
Leading global supplier of systems and components for trailers and trucks

Mar 2006 (SAF)
Dec 2006
(Holland)
May 2010



Fund I
Second largest manufacturer of non-woven textiles for hygiene applications such as disposable diapers and femcare products

Dec
2005
Jul 2007




























United Kingdom - Pamplona Funds



































Skip to content







Menu



















United Kingdom



View large map


Pamplona Capital Management
25 Park Lane
London W1K 1RA
United Kingdom
T: +44 20 7079 8000
F: +44 20 7495 3909
E: info@pamplonafunds.com
 
For media enquiries contact:
Temple Bar Advisory
Ed Orlebar
E: edo@templebaradvisory.com
Tom Allison
E: toma@templebaradvisory.com




















Disclaimer - Pamplona Funds



































Skip to content







Menu














Disclaimer


This website is issued by Pamplona Capital Management, LLP which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). The Pamplona funds are defined as “Unregulated Collective Investment Schemes” (“UCIS”) and the promotion of a UCIS either within the UK or from the UK is severely restricted by statute. Consequently, this website is only made available to professional clients and eligible counterparties as defined by the FCA and to persons falling within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001. Other persons who view this website should not rely upon it.





















Pamplona Capital Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























pamplona capital management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Pamplona Capital Management LLC operates as a private equity firm. The Company invests in a broad range of asset classes, geographical markets, and industry sectors in both public and private market situations. Pamplona Capital Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

375 Park Avenue
17th Floor
New York, NY 10152
United States


Phone:
1-212-207-6820


Fax:
1-212-207-8821


Web url:
www.pamplonafunds.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Kevin Finbarr O'Flaherty


Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Michael Vaupen - Principal at Pamplona Capital Management LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael Vaupen
Principal at Pamplona Capital Management LLP



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Michael Vaupen
Principal at Pamplona Capital Management LLP



 Overview



Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 207 people.
              






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Jeremy Gelber

Partner at Pamplona Capital Management LLP




Mark L. Pacala

Operating Partner at Pamplona Capital Management LLP





John A. Bardis

President at Accuro Healthcare Solutions, Inc.




Carol J. Zierhoffer

Senior Vice President & Global Chief Information Officer at Bechtel Corporation





Bruce F. Wesson

Founding Partner Emeritus at Galen Management Services Ltd.




R. Halsey Wise

Founder at Lime Barrel Advisors LLC





Terrence J. Mulligan

Former Senior Vice President, Corporate Sales & Marketing at Baxter International, Inc.




Harris Hyman IV

Executive Officer at Summit Healthcare Management LLC





Curt Nonomaque

Chief Executive Officer at MedAssets, Inc.




Keith W. Hicks

Former Chief People Officer & Senior Vice President at MedAssets, Inc.







See 197 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 197 More 


 


 Paths to Michael Vaupen



            Michael Vaupen          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael Vaupen






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael Vaupen.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                




BS in Economics 


University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School

                  The Wharton School is the business school of the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Wharton was the world’s first collegiate business school and the first business school in the United States. It was established in 1881 through a donation of Joseph Wharton.                





 Career History



Principal

                                    2014 - Current                


Pamplona Capital Management LLP


                  Pamplona Capital Management is a specialist investment manager that provides an alternative investment platform across private equity, fund of hedge funds and single manager hedge fund investments. They manage assets for a variety of clients including public pension funds, international wealth managers, multinational corporations, family offices and funds of hedge funds.                




Associate

                                    2009 - Prior                


Oak Hill Capital Management LLC


                  Oak Hill Capital Management employs a value-oriented, risk-adjusted investment approach that seeks to invest in middle-market companies with strong fundamentals, favorable competitive positions, attractive growth prospects, defensible business models, strong industry positions and superior management teams. The firm invests across broad segments of the US and global economies with an industry-focused approach. They invest primarily in the following sectors: (1) basic industries (2) business and financial services (3) consumer, retail and distribution (4) healthcare (5) media and telecommunications and (6) technology.                




Professional

                                    Prior - 2008                


Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


                  Founded in 1969, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is an SEC-registered broker/dealer headquartered in New York City. The firm is the primary broker subsidiary of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS). They are a member of FINRA. Morgan Stanley & Co. provides debt and equity services including underwriting, M&A advice, securities dealing and brokerage and trade execution. Their client base ranges from large global institutional investors to hedge funds at the cutting edge of innovation in the industry.The firm's Sales & Trading division offers cash and electronic trading platforms where Morgan Stanley acts as principal (including as a market maker) and agent in executing transactions globally in equity and equity-related products. These products include equity swaps, options, warrants and futures overlying individual securities, indices and baskets of securities and other equity-related products. Morgan Stanley's Institutional Equity division is a global leader in the origination, distribution and trading of equity, equity-linked and equity-derivative securities. Their Fixed Income team deals in a diverse range of products including interest rate and currency products, credit products, derivatives and commodities.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


MedAssets, Inc.

                    MedAssets, Inc. a financial and performance improvement company, which provides technology based products and services to hospitals, health systems and other non-acute healthcare providers. The company was founded by John A. Bardis in June 1999 and is headquartered in Irving, TX.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Michael Vaupen is affiliated with
                            Pamplona Capital Management LLP, Oak Hill Capital Management LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MedAssets, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


































 



 Pamplona Capital Management Acquires Veritext 
         










    









 






 











 









Pamplona Capital Management Acquires Veritext

Feb 01, 2016, 08:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Pamplona Capital Management 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, LONDON, and LIVINGSTON, New Jersey, February 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --
- Veritext is the leader in deposition and litigation support solutions servicing law firms Fortune 500 corporations and regulatory agencies across the United States.
- Veritext's state-of-the-art facilities, highly skilled court reporters, and advanced technology provide unparalleled client service and on-time delivery.
- Pamplona has significant experience investing in business-services companies.
- Veritext's management team is delighted that Pamplona has committed to supporting the Company's long-term growth objectives.

Pamplona Capital Management LLC ("Pamplona"), a global private equity investment firm, is pleased to announce that it has acquired VText Holdings, Inc. ("Veritext" or the "Company"). Veritext was previously owned by private equity firm Investcorp which acquired the business in 2010.  Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Veritext, headquartered in Livingston, New Jersey, is the leader in deposition and litigation support solutions in the United States. Veritext provides law firms and corporations with national coverage, state-of-the-art facilities, highly skilled court reporters, advanced technology, unparalleled client service and on-time delivery. The Company utilizes the latest, easy-to-use technologies to streamline the deposition process, enhance delivery flexibility, and reliably handle the most complex cases. Proprietary video, mobile and remote services combined with unmatched security help to ensure that Veritext clients have the best tools available and the confidence of working with the market leader.
Nancy Josephs, Chief Executive Officer of Veritext, said:  
" We are extremely excited to work in partnership with Pamplona to continue to grow Veritext as the premier brand in deposition services. Our culture of best-in-class service and innovation has propelled Veritext into its current leadership position. We are thrilled about what the future holds and to collaborate with the team at Pamplona who share our vision of transformation and growth." 
William Pruellage, the Partner at Pamplona leading the transaction, commented:
"Veritext is the leading provider of deposition services in the U.S. and we look forward to working with CEO Nancy Josephs, CFO Richard Antoneck and the rest of the management team to support the continued growth of the Company going forward.  Veritext is the gold-standard in deposition services with an industry-leading product and technology offering.  Pamplona will work with management to accelerate the Company's growth ambitions by providing long-term financial and strategic support.  We believe that Veritext has significant opportunities to leverage its proprietary technology offering to continue to grow both organically and through accretive tuck-in acquisitions."   
The Veritext investment is being made from Pamplona's fourth private equity fund, Pamplona Capital Partners IV, L.P., a $4 billion investment vehicle, raised in 2014. Pamplona received legal advice from Skadden Arps. The transaction was financed with a first lien term loan arranged by Madison Capital Funding, BMO and Antares Capital, as well as a second lien term loan arranged by Eaglehill, PennantPark and Babson Capital Management.
About Veritext
Veritext was founded in 1997 with the goal of providing superior services to the legal industry. With almost two decades of continued industry excellence, Veritext is the established leader in providing technology-driven deposition and litigation support services to law firms and corporations around the globe.  More information can be found at http://www.veritext.com.
About Pamplona Capital Management
Pamplona Capital Management LLC is a New York and London-based specialist investment manager established in 2005 that provides an alternative investment platform across private equity, fund of hedge funds and single manager hedge fund investments. Pamplona Capital Management LLC manages over USD 10 billion in assets across a number of funds for a variety of clients including public pension funds, international wealth managers, multinational corporations, family offices and funds of hedge funds. Pamplona is currently investing its fourth private equity fund, Pamplona Capital Partners IV, L.P., which was raised in 2014. Pamplona invests long-term capital across the capital structure of its portfolio companies in both public and private market situations. Please see http://www.pamplonafunds.com for further information.
Media Contacts
Pamplona Capital Management
Temple Bar Advisory
Ed Orlebar
Phone: +44-773-872-4630
Email: edo@templebaradvisory.com 
Veritext
Valerie Berger
SVP, Marketing
Phone: +1-973-549-4541
Email: vberger@veritext.com


 SOURCE  Pamplona Capital Management  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 10, 2016, 07:30 ET
Preview: Pamplona Raises USD1 Billion for new TMT Fund and Makes Inaugural Investment in Dyn













Dec 14, 2015, 08:00 ET
Preview: Pamplona Appoints Justin Perreault as a Partner as it Continues to Build US Private Equity Presence






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Read More





Feb 13, 2017, 08:00 ET
Pamplona Capital Management Acquires Legacy.com, the Global...








Feb 13, 2017, 08:00 ET
Pamplona Capital Management and Ascent Venture Partners Announce...






 More news releases in:

  Computer Electronics
  Banking & Financial Services
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers
Legal Issues










Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 







































Pamplona Capital Management Acquires Veritext - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Pamplona Capital Management Acquires Veritext






Feb 1, 2016, 8:00am EST














NEW YORK, LONDON, and LIVINGSTON, New Jersey, February 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --
- Veritext is the leader in deposition and litigation support solutions servicing law firms Fortune 500 corporations and regulatory agencies across the United States.
- Veritext's state-of-the-art facilities, highly skilled court reporters, and advanced technology provide unparalleled client service and on-time delivery.
- Pamplona has significant experience investing in business-services companies.
- Veritext's management team is delighted that Pamplona has committed to supporting the Company's long-term growth objectives.

Pamplona Capital Management LLC ("Pamplona"), a global private equity investment firm, is pleased to announce that it has acquired VText Holdings, Inc. ("Veritext" or the "Company"). Veritext was previously owned by private equity firm Investcorp which acquired the business in 2010.  Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Veritext, headquartered in Livingston, New Jersey, is the leader in deposition and litigation support solutions in the United States. Veritext provides law firms and corporations with national coverage, state-of-the-art facilities, highly skilled court reporters, advanced technology, unparalleled client service and on-time delivery. The Company utilizes the latest, easy-to-use technologies to streamline the deposition process, enhance delivery flexibility, and reliably handle the most complex cases. Proprietary video, mobile and remote services combined with unmatched security help to ensure that Veritext clients have the best tools available and the confidence of working with the market leader.
Nancy Josephs, Chief Executive Officer of Veritext, said:  
" We are extremely excited to work in partnership with Pamplona to continue to grow Veritext as the premier brand in deposition services. Our culture of best-in-class service and innovation has propelled Veritext into its current leadership position. We are thrilled about what the future holds and to collaborate with the team at Pamplona who share our vision of transformation and growth." 
William Pruellage, the Partner at Pamplona leading the transaction, commented:
"Veritext is the leading provider of deposition services in the U.S. and we look forward to working with CEO Nancy Josephs, CFO Richard Antoneck and the rest of the management team to support the continued growth of the Company going forward.  Veritext is the gold-standard in deposition services with an industry-leading product and technology offering.  Pamplona will work with management to accelerate the Company's growth ambitions by providing long-term financial and strategic support.  We believe that Veritext has significant opportunities to leverage its proprietary technology offering to continue to grow both organically and through accretive tuck-in acquisitions."   
The Veritext investment is being made from Pamplona's fourth private equity fund, Pamplona Capital Partners IV, L.P., a $4 billion investment vehicle, raised in 2014. Pamplona received legal advice from Skadden Arps. The transaction was financed with a first lien term loan arranged by Madison Capital Funding, BMO and Antares Capital, as well as a second lien term loan arranged by Eaglehill, PennantPark and Babson Capital Management.
About Veritext
Veritext was founded in 1997 with the goal of providing superior services to the legal industry. With almost two decades of continued industry excellence, Veritext is the established leader in providing technology-driven deposition and litigation support services to law firms and corporations around the globe.  More information can be found at http://www.veritext.com.
About Pamplona Capital Management
Pamplona Capital Management LLC is a New York and London-based specialist investment manager established in 2005 that provides an alternative investment platform across private equity, fund of hedge funds and single manager hedge fund investments. Pamplona Capital Management LLC manages over USD 10 billion in assets across a number of funds for a variety of clients including public pension funds, international wealth managers, multinational corporations, family offices and funds of hedge funds. Pamplona is currently investing its fourth private equity fund, Pamplona Capital Partners IV, L.P., which was raised in 2014. Pamplona invests long-term capital across the capital structure of its portfolio companies in both public and private market situations. Please see http://www.pamplonafunds.com for further information.
Media Contacts
Pamplona Capital Management
Temple Bar Advisory
Ed Orlebar
Phone: +44-773-872-4630
Email: edo@templebaradvisory.com 
Veritext
Valerie Berger
SVP, Marketing
Phone: +1-973-549-4541
Email: vberger@veritext.com


SOURCE  Pamplona Capital Management




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  













 









Pamplona Capital Management nears deal to buy Parexel: Reuters - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Pamplona Capital Management nears deal to buy Parexel: Reuters


June 20, 2017
By Reuters News



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Pamplona Capital Management nears deal to buy Parexel: Reuters
Private equity firm Pamplona Capital Management LLP is nearing a deal to acquire U.S. pharmaceutical research services provider Parexel International Corp for more than $4.5 billion, Reuters reported. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















(Reuters) — Private equity firm Pamplona Capital Management LLP is nearing a deal to acquire U.S. pharmaceutical research services provider Parexel International Corp for more than $4.5 billion, a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
Activist investors, including Starboard Value LP, have put pressure on Parexel to explore a sale, arguing that the company’s profit margins have consistently lagged those of its peers.
The deal will be announced later on Tuesday, the source said. Pamplona is set to pay $88.10 per share in cash for Parexel, the Wall Street Journal reported earlier on Tuesday. Parexel shares ended trading on Monday at $83.92.
The source asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Parexel and Pamplona did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Headquartered near Boston, Massachusetts, Parexel provides a range of services to the pharmaceutical industry, ranging from drug development and regulatory consulting, to clinical pharmacology, clinical trials management, and reimbursement.
The company has leadership position in cancer drug research, and a top platform for so-called ‘real-world’ data, which can be used to assess the economic value of medicines and is sought after by drug makers looking to justify their prices to healthcare payers.
Pamplona has been scouring the market in the last year seeking to acquire a contract research organization. It made an unsuccessful bid earlier this year for Pharmaceutical Product Development LLC (PPD), a U.S. clinical trials firm valued at more than $9 billion.
Overall, the contract research industry has benefited from the pharmaceutical companies’ drive to cut costs, reduce clinical trial times and expand their research and development presence around the world.
Many companies in the sector are now turning to dealmaking, as they seek to boost their real-world data gathering capabilities.
Last month, INC Research Holdings Inc agreed to merge with inVentiv Health Inc in a $4.6 billion deal.
Last year, contract researcher Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc completed a $9 billion merger with IMS Health Holdings Inc.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Pamplona Capital Management nears deal to buy Parexel: Reuters
Private equity firm Pamplona Capital Management LLP is nearing a deal to acquire U.S. pharmaceutical research services provider Parexel International Corp for more than $4.5 billion, Reuters reported. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 



































Dyn Secures $50 Million in Series B Equity Funding to Expand Global Internet Performance Management Market Opportunity | Dyn Blog 















 














 Internet Performance Delivered right to your inbox





Dyn Secures $50 Million in Series B Equity Funding to Expand Global Internet Performance Management Market Opportunity


Company News  // 

            May 10, 2016          











New Equity Investment by Pamplona Capital Management LLC; Tech Leader also Announces the Launch of its Internet Performance Management Platform
Manchester, NH (May 10, 2016) — Dyn, the worldwide leader in Internet Performance Management (IPM), announced today that it has secured $50 million in Series B equity funding from Pamplona Capital Management, a leading global private equity firm. This investment will strengthen Dyn’s global go-to-market growth strategy and enable accelerated product development. Additionally, Dyn also announced the public launch of its new platform that will help solve the significant challenges associated with operating critical business applications and infrastructure in the cloud.  
“Internet Performance Management is a requirement for global Enterprises as companies leverage the Internet for mission-critical delivery of their business,” said Dyn CEO and co-founder Jeremy Hitchcock. “We have developed the capabilities to provide unique insights and ability to optimize Internet performance through managing the digital supply chain of information flows. Pamplona’s investment demonstrates a strong commitment to executing on the multi-billion-dollar opportunity and driving an aggressive, industry-leading go-to-market strategy and set of platform capabilities.”
Dyn’s Platform for IPM offers IT professionals unparalleled transparency across the Internet, as well as traffic management tools that allow them to reroute their Internet-based assets as necessary, optimizing costs and improving response time and availability. 
Dyn helps leading global businesses, like Pfizer, Netflix, Twitter and many more, address their Internet Performance needs. Samir Jafferali, Edge Performance Site Reliability Engineer, LinkedIn, said, “Dyn’s IPM solutions are the first network service every single one of our members use when visiting our site. These solutions have made them a trusted partner as we continue to improve and optimize performance across our global networks.”
Dyn also continues to add new Enterprise customers each quarter. In fact, eight of the top 10 Internet Services / Retail companies and six of the top 10 Entertainment companies in the Fortune 500 use Dyn. These customers recognize the economic benefits that come with embracing the cloud and the need for mitigating the myriad of risks that come with it. Dyn’s Platform delivers the one-stop visibility, analytics and control enterprises need to reliably make the Internet a competitive asset for their business.
Supporting enterprise migration to the cloud has allowed Dyn to grow its revenue by more than 70 percent in the last two years and the Internet Performance Management company expects to surpass $100 million in Annual Recurring Revenue later this year. Yet, there is still much room to grow. IDC identifies Dyn’s market opportunity within the System Infrastructure Software as a Service market, which they estimate will reach more than $10B next year growing at a CAGR of 28 percent through 2019.
Robert Mahowald, Group VP, Applications and Cloud Business Models at IDC, recently stated that, “The dynamics leading to Enterprise multi-cloud adoption and diversification present challenges for edge performance and governance, and strong opportunities for companies with Internet Performance Management solutions. The platform approach Dyn is taking gives its customers a plug-and-play solution to make the most of their cloud configurations. It has tremendous potential for any Enterprise CIO, which is why I think Internet Performance Management is an exciting evolution in how Enterprises will secure and mobilize their important cloud applications and data.”
Pamplona’s investment in Dyn represents its inaugural investment for a new $1 billion U.S.-based Growth Equity fund focused on technology, media and telecommunications investments. As part of Pamplona’s investment, Justin Perreault, a partner, has joined Dyn’s Board of Directors. 
“Dyn has built a strong franchise based on running the fundamental and critical Internet infrastructure needs for its brand name customers,” said Perreault. “With a track record of substantial growth, a burgeoning IPM market opportunity and a strong results-orientated management team, Dyn provides a unique and exciting investment opportunity for Pamplona as we grow our U.S. investment presence.” 
 
ABOUT DYN
Dyn is a cloud-based Internet Performance Management (IPM) company that provides unrivaled visibility and control into cloud and public Internet resources. Dyn’s platform monitors, controls and optimizes applications and infrastructure through Data, Analytics, and Traffic Steering, ensuring traffic gets delivered faster, safer, and more reliably than ever. 
Dyn is the leading IPM provider to the largest enterprises and most visited web properties in the world, including eight of the top 10 Internet Services and Retail companies, and six of the top 10 Entertainment companies, in the Fortune 500. Dyn helps everyone from startups to companies like Pfizer, Netflix and Twitter solve the challenges associated with Internet scale, complexity and volatility. Dyn is Internet Performance. Delivered.
Visit dyn.com for more info on how Dyn delivers.
 
ABOUT PAMPLONA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Pamplona Capital Management is a London and New York based specialist investment manager established in 2005 that provides an alternative investment platform across private equity, fund of hedge funds and single manager hedge fund investments. Pamplona Capital Management, LLP manages over USD 10 billion in assets across a number of funds for a variety of clients including public pension funds, international wealth managers, multinational corporations, family offices and funds of hedge funds. Pamplona is currently managing its fourth private equity fund, Pamplona Capital Partners IV LP, which raised $4 billion in 2014. Pamplona invests long-term capital across the capital structure of its portfolio companies in both public and private market situations. Please see Pamplonafunds.com for further information.


Share Now













Related Posts





Company News+Stories
Jun 23, 2017 // Kyle York
Oracle Named A Visionary In New Gartner IaaS ...
Read More





Company News
Apr 19, 2017 // Dyn News
Oracle Dyn Provides ICANN With Access To Internet ...
Read More





Company News
Feb 2, 2017 // Kyle York
The Value Of The Oracle + Dyn Combination
Read More

 















Home
Sign In

Home User Portals

Dynamic DNS
Domain Registration
Standard DNS


Product Portals (DynID)

Managed DNS
Email Delivery
II – Network
II – Transit
Internet Intelligence




Explore

Optimizing Performance
DDoS Mitigation
Hybrid Cloud Routing
Resource Center

All Resources
Case Studies
White Papers
Webinars
Videos
Analyst & Research Reports




Products

DNS

Overview
Managed DNS
Traffic Steering
Secondary DNS
Purchase & Pricing


Email
Monitoring & Analytics
Dynamic DNS
Other

Domain Registration
Gauge: Chrome Extension




Why Dyn

Working With Us
Customer Success Stories


Company

Our Story
Newsroom
Events & Appearances
Partner Program
Careers


Support

Product Support

DNS
Email
Remote Access
Domain Registration
Internet Intelligence


Developer SDK & APIs
Account & Billing
User Community
Status Page
Training Services
Contact Support

Account Support (Email)
Account Support (Phone)
Managed DNS Support
Email Delivery Support




Blog
Contact 















Quick Links
Dynamic DNS (Remote Access)Managed DNSEmail DeliveryProduct SupportDDoSSign In 








Contact Us

Global HQ 150 Dow Street Tower Two, Manchester NH 03101
Office: +1.603.668.4998 | Sales: +1.888.840.3258



First Name*



Last Name*



Business Email*



Phone Number*



Company*



Job Title*



Website*



United States
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte D'ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French Part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands

Country*

Which product(s) are you interested in?*



Managed DNS


Traffic Steering


Secondary DNS


Email Delivery


Domain Registration


Remote Access





I'd like additional product information
I want to talk to sales
I'd like a product demo

What can we help you with?*



Message
Looking for support? If you have any questions related to support or billing for a current product, please email support@dyn.com. Thank you!



If you are human, don't fill this out



Send Message






 






























Pamplona Capital Management nears deal to buy Parexel-sourceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 16 minsS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Pamplona Capital Management nears deal to buy Parexel-sourceReutersJune 20, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare(Adds own sourcing, details)By Carl O'DonnellJune 20 (Reuters) - Private equity firm Pamplona Capital Management LLP is nearing a deal to acquire U.S. pharmaceutical research services provider Parexel International Corp for more than $4.5 billion, a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.Activist investors, including Starboard Value LP, have put pressure on Parexel to explore a sale, arguing that the company's profit margins have consistently lagged those of its peers.The deal will be announced later on Tuesday, the source said. Pamplona is set to pay $88.10 per share in cash for Parexel, the Wall Street Journal reported earlier on Tuesday. Parexel shares ended trading on Monday at $83.92.The source asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Parexel and Pamplona did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Headquartered near Boston, Massachusetts, Parexel provides a range of services to the pharmaceutical industry, ranging from drug development and regulatory consulting, to clinical pharmacology, clinical trials management, and reimbursement.The company has leadership position in cancer drug research, and a top platform for so-called 'real-world' data, which can be used to assess the economic value of medicines and is sought after by drug makers looking to justify their prices to healthcare payers.Pamplona has been scouring the market in the last year seeking to acquire a contract research organization. It made an unsuccessful bid earlier this year for Pharmaceutical Product Development LLC (PPD), a U.S. clinical trials firm valued at more than $9 billion.Overall, the contract research industry has benefited from the pharmaceutical companies' drive to cut costs, reduce clinical trial times and expand their research and development presence around the world.Many companies in the sector are now turning to dealmaking, as they seek to boost their real-world data gathering capabilities.Last month, INC Research Holdings Inc agreed to merge with inVentiv Health Inc in a $4.6 billion deal.Last year, contract researcher Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc completed a $9 billion merger with IMS Health Holdings Inc. (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Michael Flaherty and Greg Roumeliotis in New York and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Adrian Croft)ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWeWork raised $500 million to expand in ChinaBusiness Insider UKEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredUS start-up WeWork raises $500 million from SoftBank and Hony Capital to expand into ChinaCNBCSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceShop July Specials at Macy's - Extra 25-60% OffMacys.comSponsoredMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersAnn Coulter reportedly 'railed' at Trump behind closed doorsBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceVerizon Q2 Revenue Flat as Wireless Unit Sales Decline 1.9% Despite Subcriber ReboundVarietySenate prepares to vote on 'skinny repeal' of Obamacarejohn: November 6, 2018. The date to remember.. 
33 Senate seats, 
435 seats in the House of Representatives, 
14 Governors.
The day for re-election. 
Put it on your calendar now and be prepared to be an informed voter.
If you are worried, concerned, angry, disappointed about the direction the government is going this is the most effective way to make a change, stop complaining and start planning. 
Remember the president is only one part in the government machine, and you can make effective change through voting for your local and state representatives.
Fortunately, we have a constitutional govt.of; Check and Balance.
Pass it on….Join the Conversation1 / 51k








