












Sanjay Pandey 的个人主页 | Facebook

Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017
























Sanjay Pande 的个人主页 | Facebook

Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017































Sanjay K. Pandey | Trachtenberg School of Public Policy & Public Administration | The George Washington University


















Skip to main content










 











Enter the terms you wish to search for. 

Site to search.

TSPPPA
GW

Go


 



GW Home



Arts & Sciences


About Arts & Sciences


Vision


Support Arts & Sciences


Administration


Directions




Undergraduate


Admissions


Academics


Signature Programs


Summer


Advising


Honors & Rewards




Graduate


Prospective Students


Admitted Students


Graduate Programs


Student Resources


The GW Experience


Contact Us




Research


Centers & Institutes


Funding Opportunities


Student Research


Faculty Research


Web Survey Forms




News


Events


E-Magazine


Print Publications




Alumni


 Alumni News & Events


Volunteer


Benefits & Services


Contact Us








Departments & Programs




Africana Studies


American Studies


Anthropology


Art Therapy


Biochemistry


Biological Sciences


Biomedical Sciences


Biostatistics


Chemistry


Classical & Near Eastern Languages & Civilizations


Classical Acting






Corcoran School


Data Science


Early Modern European Studies


East Asian Languages & Literatures


Economics


English


Environmental Resource Policy


Environmental Studies


Epidemiology


Film Studies


Fine Arts & Art History


Forensic Psychology






Forensic Sciences


Genomics & Bioinformatics


Geography


Geological Sciences


Global Communications


History


Human Paleobiology


Human Services


Interior Architecture & Design


Judaic Studies


LGBT Health


Linguistics






Mathematics


Media & Public Affairs


Museum Studies


Music


Organizational Sciences & Communication


Peace Studies


Philosophy


Physics


Political Science


Professional Psychology


Psychology






Public Policy & Public Administration


Religion


Romance, German, Slavic Languages & Literature


Sociology


Speech & Hearing Studies


Statistics


Theatre & Dance


University Writing Program


Women's, Gender, and Sexuality Studies


















 









 













You are here: Home / Sanjay K. Pandey 


















Home
About
Academics
Admissions
Funding Your Education
Faculty and Staff
Career Advancement
Syllabi, Forms and FAQs
News & Events
Alumni Services
Arthur S. Flemming Awards
Support
Trachtenberg School Videos














 






Make a Difference





 








Dr. Sanjay K Pandey



Title:
Shapiro Chair of Public Policy and Public Administration


Faculty:
Full-Time


Office:
Suite 601R


Address:
Media and Public Affairs Building805 21st Street NW Washington, District Of Columbia 20052 United States


Phone:

                    202-994-1084                  


Email:

skpandey@gwu.edu



Website:

Professor Pandey's CV 





Areas of Expertise

Public Management
Leadership
Performance Management
Health Policy
Nonprofit Organizations and Social Entrepreneurship
 


Background

Sanjay K. Pandey is Professor and Shapiro Chair of Public Policy and Public Administration at Trachtenberg School, the George Washington University.  Professor Pandey previously held faculty appointments at Rutgers University and the University of Kansas.  Professor Pandey’s scholarship focuses on public management and deals with questions central to leading and managing public organizations.  His other research interests are in health policy, nonprofit organizations and social entrepreneurship.
Professor Pandey directed two landmark surveys of public organizations (Phase II and Phase IV of the National Administrative Studies Project; see NASP Overview). Professor Pandey is widely published in leading public management and administration journals and is an often-cited public administration scholar (Google Scholar Citations). His scholarship has been recognized with numerous awards and his work has been included in leading collections.  Two of his co-authored articles are included among the Public Administration Review’s 75 most influential articles (PAR 75 Most Influential Articles; a selection that includes contributions from eminent social scientists including Herbert Simon and Elinor Ostrom).  He is also a recipient of the NASPAA/ASPA Distinguished Research Award, an award that “recognizes an individual’s research which has made substantial impact on the thought and understanding of public administration.”
Professor Pandey serves as an occasional reviewer for most of the leading public and nonprofit management journals.  He is either a current member of or has served on the Board of Editors of Public Administration Review, Journal of Public Administration Research & Theory, International Public Management Journal, Public Performance and Management Review, International Review of Public Administration, and Public Personnel Management.  Professor Pandey is also a member of the Board of Directors of Public Management Research Association (2011-2015; pmranet.org) and the Board of Advisors of the Center for Organization Research and Design (https://cord.asu.edu/).
Professor Pandey received his doctoral and master’s degrees in Social Science from the Maxwell School of Citizenship & Public Affairs at Syracuse University. He earned his bachelor’s degree in Metallurgical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.
 


Education

Ph.D., Social Science, Maxwell School of Citizenship & Public Affairs, Syracuse University.M.A., Social Science, Maxwell School of Citizenship & Public Affairs, Syracuse University.B.Tech., Metallurgical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.
 


Publications

Selected Publications
EDITED BOOKS
Yogesh K. Dwivedi, Mahmud A. Shareef, Sanjay K. Pandey, and Vinod Kumar (Editors). 2014. Public Administration Reformation: Market Demand from Public Organizations. Routledge/Taylor and Francis, 311 pages.
Mahmud A. Shareef, Norm Archer, Yogesh K. Dwivedi, Alok Mishra, & Sanjay K. Pandey (Editors) 2012. Transformational Government through eGov: Socioeconomic, Cultural, and Technological issues. Emerald Group Publishers, 350 pages.
 
PUBLICATIONS
Sanjay K. Pandey, Joel Cantor, and Kristen Lloyd (in press) “Immigrant Health Care Access and the Affordable Care Act” Public Administration Review.
Sanjay K. Pandey and Justin Marlowe (in press), “Assessing Survey-Based Measurement of Personnel Red Tape with Anchoring Vignettes” Review of Public Personnel Administration.
Madinah Hamidullah, Norma Riccucci, and Sanjay K. Pandey (in press) “Women in the City Hall: Gender Dimensions of Managerial Values” American Review of Public Administration.
Rusi Sun, Shuyang Peng, and Sanjay K. Pandey 2014. “Testing the Effect of Person-Environment Fit on Employee Perceptions of Organizational Goal Ambiguity” Public Performance and Management Review. 37(3): 465-495.
Bradley E. Wright, Robert Christensen, and Sanjay K. Pandey 2013. Measuring Public Service Motivation: Exploring the Equivalence of Existing Global Measures. International Public Management Journal. 16(2): 197-223
Donald P. Moynihan, Bradley E. Wright, and Sanjay K. Pandey 2012. Working within Constraints: Can Transformational Leaders Alter the Experience of Red Tape? International Public Management Journal. 15(3): 315-336.
Donald P. Moynihan, Sanjay K. Pandey and Bradley E. Wright 2012. Prosocial Values and Performance Management Theory: The Link between Perceived Social Impact and Performance Information Use. Governance. 25(3): 463-483.
David H. Coursey, Kaifeng Yang, and Sanjay K. Pandey 2012. Public Service Motivation (PSM) and Support for Citizen Participation A Test of Perry and Vandenabeele's Reformulation of PSM Theory. Public Administration Review. 72(4): 572-582.
Bradley E. Wright, Donald P. Moynihan, and Sanjay K. Pandey 2012. Pulling the Levers: Transformational Leadership, Public Service Motivation and Mission Valence. Public Administration Review. 72(2): 206-215.
Donald P. Moynihan, Sanjay K. Pandey, and Bradley E. Wright 2012. Setting the Table: How Transformational Leadership Fosters Performance Information Use. Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory. 22(1): 143-164.
Edmund C. Stazyk, Sanjay K. Pandey, and Bradley E. Wright. 2011. Understanding Affective Organizational Commitment: The Importance of Institutional Context. American Review of Public Administration. 41(6): 603-624.
Kaifeng Yang and Sanjay K. Pandey 2011. Further Dissecting the Black Box of Citizen Participation: When Does Citizen Involvement Lead to Good Outcomes? Public Administration Review. 71(6): 880-892.
Bradley E. Wright and Sanjay K. Pandey 2011. Public Organizations and Mission Valence: When Does Mission Matter? Administration & Society. 43(1): 22-44.
Kelly LeRoux and Sanjay K. Pandey 2011. City Managers, Career Incentives, and Municipal Service Decisions: The Effects of Managerial Progressive Ambition on Interlocal Service Delivery. Public Administration Review. 71(4): 627-636.
Donald P. Moynihan and Sanjay K. Pandey 2010. The Big Question for Performance Management: Why do Managers Use Performance Information? Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory. 20(3): 849-866.
Eric Welch, Sanjay K. Pandey, and Nilay Yavuz 2010. Modeling the Relationship between Website Effectiveness and Service Quality: A Study of State Level Human Services Agencies. In E-Government: Information, Technology, and Transformation, Hans J. Scholl (ed), pp. 256-279, Armonk, NY: ME Sharpe.
Kelly LeRoux, Paul Brandenburger, and Sanjay K. Pandey 2010. Interlocal Service Cooperation in U.S. Cities: A Social Network Explanation.  Public Administration Review. 70(2): 268-278.
Bradley E. Wright and Sanjay K. Pandey. 2010. Transformational leadership in the Public Sector:  Does Structure Matter? Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory. 20(1): 75-89.
Donald P. Moynihan and Sanjay K. Pandey 2007a. The Role of Organizations in Fostering Public Service Motivation. Public Administration Review. 67(1): 40-53. 
David H. Coursey and Sanjay K. Pandey 2007a. Public Service Motivation Measurement: Testing an Abridged Version of Perry’s Scale. Administration & Society, 39(5): 547-568.
Sanjay K. Pandey and Bradley E. Wright 2006. Connecting the Dots in Public Management:  Political Environment, Organizational Goal Ambiguity and the Public Manager’s Role Ambiguity. Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory, 16(4): 511-532.  
Sanjay K. Pandey and Hal G. Rainey 2006. Public Managers' Perceptions of Goal Ambiguity: Analyzing Alternative Models. International Public Management Journal. 9(2): 85-112. 
 


Personal Interests

Gardening
 


Distinctions

NASPAA/ASPA Distinguished Research Award, 2013: “recognizes an individual’s research which has made substantial impact on the thought and understanding of public administration”
Two co-authored articles published in the Public Administration Review in 2007 and 2012 included in “75 most influential since 1940”  
Article selected from among 10 years of publications in Public Performance and Management Review Virtual Issue titled, “Performance Challenges in the Twenty-First Century: Selections from Public Performance and Management Review” 2013)
Joseph Wholey Distinguished Scholarship Award, 2011
Article selected as "Exemplar of High Quality Research" to celebrate 20th year of publication of the Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory
Marshall E. Dimock Award for the Best Lead Article in Public Administration Review, 2008
Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences Best Paper Award in the Electronic Government Track, 2007
Charles H. Levine Best Conference Paper Award for paper presented at the Academy of Management, Public and Non-Profit Division, 2005
 
 


Classes Taught

PPPA 6004  Leadership in Public Administration and Public Policy
 

















 















The Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration






Media and Public Affairs Building 805 21st St. NW Suite 601 Washington,       DC       20052 Phone: 202-994-6295        | Fax: 202-994-6792 tspppa@gwu.edu 























 

















Campus Advisories


Non-Discrimination Policy


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Copyright


Contact GW


A-Z Index









