

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 


 

Developer Pander Labs Inc.













































Toggle navigation














HOME


APPS


GAMES


CONTACT





















Developer: Pander Labs Inc.









Pander - Food Delivery
Download APK














Hot









Notify & Fitness for Mi Band
mc group











Runtastic Results Workouts
Runtastic











Freeletics Bodyweight
Freeletics











6 Pack Promise - Ultimate Abs
ATHLEANX.COM











Relax Melodies: Sleep Sounds
Ipnos Software











YAZIO – Calorie Counter
YAZIO











Hydro Coach - drink water
Codium App Ideas











JY Fitness Timer
Alphapod











Gym Workout Tracker & Trainer
Fitness22











SnoreLab : Record Your Snoring
Reviva Softworks Ltd











Geocaching®
Groundspeak Inc.











Mi Fit
Xiaomi Technology















Similar or Related









Babykick Tracker-Free

Download APK











3M Littmann Learning Institute

Download APK











Flowing River

Download APK











Carrara Core - Chisel It!

Download APK











Progression Strength Training

Download APK











Sun Salutation

Download APK











Start running PRO!

Download APK











Droid Massager

Download APK











Blue light filter (for eyes)

Download APK











White Noise - Rainy Day

Download APK













About Us |
                    Terms Of Use |
                    Privacy Policy |
                    DMCA Policy

                    2015 - 2017 © All Rights Reserved.
                






























Pander - Food Delivery - Android Apps on Google Play                                            Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch             Apps       My apps     Shop      Games     Family     Editors' Choice            Movies & TV       My movies & TV     Shop      TV     Family     Studios     Networks            Music       My music     Shop            Books       My books     Shop      Comics     Textbooks     Children's Books            Newsstand       My newsstand     Shop            Devices       Shop            Entertainment          Account     Redeem     Buy gift card     My wishlist     My Play activity     Parent Guide                  Categories              Android Wear  Art & Design  Auto & Vehicles  Beauty  Books & Reference  Business  Comics  Communication  Dating  Education  Entertainment  Events  Finance  Food & Drink  Health & Fitness  House & Home  Libraries & Demo  Lifestyle  Maps & Navigation  Medical  Music & Audio  News & Magazines  Parenting  Personalization  Photography  Productivity  Shopping  Social  Sports  Tools  Travel & Local  Video Players & Editors  Weather       Games    Action  Adventure  Arcade  Board  Card  Casino  Casual  Educational  Music  Puzzle  Racing  Role Playing  Simulation  Sports  Strategy  Trivia  Word       Family    Ages 5 & Under  Ages 6-8  Ages 9 & Up  Action & Adventure  Brain Games  Creativity  Education  Music & Video  Pretend Play                        Home            Top Charts            New Releases                                       Settings      Android Device Manager                       Pander - Food Delivery           20        Pander Labs Inc.   Food & Drink         Everyone         Loading device compatibility...                         Add to Wishlist   Adding...   Added to Wishlist   Remove   Removing...      Item added to wishlist.     Item removed from wishlist.       1                Install                                                                     Pander is the simplest, quickest, most delicious new way to order food straight to your door.Whether it's a lazy Sunday or late Wednesday night after a rough day, we know you don't feel like scrounging around for scraps and cooking. Or having to Google for an hour to find out if there's a restaurant nearby that'll get you the Pad Thai you need right now. So we made sure to take care of all that in a single easy-to-use, beautiful application. If you're in one of our cities, we think you're going to love it. Here's why we think you'll love Pander:•  No Clutter - We won't waste your time with giant lists of mediocre restaurants. We just let you pick the cuisine or dish you're in the mood for with a single tap,so you don't waste time hunting through menus or waiting on hold•  Choices everywhere! Want Chinese? Pizza? Thai? Mexican? Pander has got it all, wrapped in a straightforward, intuitive interface. Go with your favorites, or explore and find a new favorite•  Explore away! - Finding new food can be hard, because you never really know if you'll like something, and there are too many restaurants to really research anyway. Don't worry - we do the hard work. Pick a cuisine you want to try, and we'll automatically find the best available restaurants and pick out a meal chosen based on your tastes!•  Great value! In many locations, new users will get discounts up to 20% off on their first orders. And after that? You'll keep earning points every time, so look out for treats and free meals that you earn - and all from a free app•  Reliable and hassle free! Your food will be delivered efficiently straight to your door. What's more, you can reach out to our partners at Delivery.com or the restaurant for any help•  Personalize it! Want to set your default tip? Do it. Want to order for a group of 5 friends, and have the app do the legwork of finding enough dishes for everyone? Sure. Make Pander your own, to fit your lifestyle•  Pander really understands you! No, really - part of what makes Pander so great is that it learns what food you love. And then it'll keep that food ready, front and center - so you can order it with a single tap when you're hungry. No long menus to try and examine, or gamble on whether you'll like a dish. Pander will make sure of all that•  Quick access to your favorites! Easily view your past orders, and re-order them with a single tapPlaces you can try Pander: Available in most major cities, including:Austin, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, San Diego, San Jose, and Washington DC. You can also give us a try if you're in:Alexandria (VA), Arlington (VA), Atlanta (GA), Bethesda (MD), Brookline (MA), Cambridge (MA), Falls Church (VA), Folsom (CA), Fresno (CA), Herndon (VA), Hoboken (NJ), Jersey City (NJ), Reno (NV), Rockville (MD), Roseville (CA), Sacramento (CA), San Ramon (CA), Silver Spring (MD), Somerville (MA), Stamford (CT), and Staten Island (NY)      Read more                  My review                               Review from                                            Reviews       4.1        20 total      5   14   4   1   3   1   2   0   1   4       Helpfulness      Newest  Rating  Helpfulness                        Travis Manzer Jr         Best time waster app yet! Made me open and account and enter my credit info just to tell me there were no restaurants in my area. Spot on time waster, 10/10!                    Brian Hoffman         Waste of time No restaurants in my area? Why not tell me that before forcing me to create an account?  And requiring a credit card number just to create an account?  Appalling!                    Thomas K          After using it a few times, I got a duck and mango sandwich that was unbelievable. I never would've ordered it on my own, but the algorithms predicted I would like it. AND it's exciting to see what the app will suggest or where the food comes from.                    Asrar Ahmed          Promising, well designed app                    Jesse Hickman          Thanks for adding the District of Columbia A. Nandkishore! Great start. I'd like to see some additional filters in future updates, such as food allergies or just ones you dislike.                    Kashyap Rajagopal         Solid experience Makes it real easy to try out new food around the city without having to think. Cool app            User reviews               Travis Manzer Jr  January 22, 2016                        Best time waster app yet! Made me open and account and enter my credit info just to tell me there were no restaurants in my area. Spot on time waster, 10/10!   Full Review       Pander Labs Inc. January 23, 2016  Travis, 

Sorry to hear it was a waste of time for you, but just wanted to say thanks for the feedback! 

Based on your experience, we've fixed this issue so other users will know on first launch if their area is covered - an upcoming update will also allow them to see exactly what dishes we're recommending before entering any card details.                  Brian Hoffman  January 15, 2016                        Waste of time No restaurants in my area? Why not tell me that before forcing me to create an account?  And requiring a credit card number just to create an account?  Appalling!   Full Review       Pander Labs Inc. January 15, 2016  Brian - sorry to hear about your experience. Sadly, we don't control the restaurant list (as that comes from our partners at delivery.com), but we'll look into ways to expand coverage. 

Your point about the account and card is fair - we'll address this in the next update; thank you for the feedback.                  Thomas K  October 31, 2015                         After using it a few times, I got a duck and mango sandwich that was unbelievable. I never would've ordered it on my own, but the algorithms predicted I would like it. AND it's exciting to see what the app will suggest or where the food comes from.   Full Review                    Asrar Ahmed  November 1, 2015                         Promising, well designed app   Full Review                    Jesse Hickman  October 6, 2015                         Thanks for adding the District of Columbia A. Nandkishore! Great start. I'd like to see some additional filters in future updates, such as food allergies or just ones you dislike.   Full Review       Pander Labs Inc. October 6, 2015  Whoops! Thanks for pointing that out - this is fixed in version 1.1.1, which should roll out in the next few hours.                  Kashyap Rajagopal  October 6, 2015                        Solid experience Makes it real easy to try out new food around the city without having to think. Cool app   Full Review                    Marco Andrade  April 1, 2016                        Didn't offer anything I wanted Every thing was always closed and then they would choose what I wanted to eat.   Full Review       Pander Labs Inc. April 1, 2016  Marco,

Sorry to hear that. Where are you located? We'll do our best to try and increase our options. As far as choosing what you want to eat - we hope that you'll come to trust the algorithms to pick good dishes! If they don't, though, please give us any specific feedback so we can improve them.                  Gaberiel Bires  February 8, 2016                        Didn't have my city yet Add Portland Oregon yo   Full Review             Review deleted         What's New  v1.7.4- Log in with Facebook or Google! Get started that much quicker (and some bugfixes for this!)    Read more               Additional information     Updated June 15, 2017   Installs   1,000 - 5,000     Current Version  1.7.4     Requires Android       4.1 and up       Content Rating Everyone Learn more   Permissions  View details    Report  Flag as inappropriate     Offered By  Pander Labs Inc.    Developer    Visit website   Email support@pandereats.com   Privacy Policy             Similar   See more                   Pre-ordered            Food Delivery by DoorDash    DoorDash    1  Free       DoorDash delivers from hundreds of local restaurants in 45 minutes or less.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Eat24 Food Delivery & Takeout    Eat24    1  Free       Order delivery from 35k+ restaurants for free. Better. Faster. Free-er.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            EatStreet Food Delivery App    EatStreet    1  Free       Hooking you up with local food delivery & takeout. Hungry. Happy. EatStreet.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Postmates: Food Delivery, Fast    Postmates Inc.    1  Free       Postmates - Instant Food & Restaurant Delivery in Your City                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Deliveroo: Restaurant Delivery    Deliveroo    1  Free       Order takeaway food from the best loved restaurants, delivered to your door.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            RushOrder: Order Food Delivery, Takeout, & Dine-in    RushOrder    1  Free       Order food from authentic, hidden gem restaurants you can't find anywhere else!                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            BeyondMenu Food Delivery    BeyondMenu    1  Free       BeyondMenu - order food online with no waiting line!                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Seamless Food Delivery/Takeout    Seamless    1  Free       Order food for delivery or pickup from the food app that knows New York best.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            EatNow Online Food Ordering    Eat Now Services Pty Ltd    1  Free       Order food delivery or takeaway from over 7,500+ restaurants Australia wide!                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Food Ordering & Delivery App    Zomato    1  Free       Zomato Order is the fastest and easiest way to order food online                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Foodler - Food Delivery    Foodler.com    1  Free       Your perfect meal is just a click away with fast, simple food delivery.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Deliverink:Food Delivery    Deliverink(with YS Company)    1  Free       👍Professional Food Delivery Service   Download Your Food~ in Yangon Myanmar                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            McDelivery Singapore    Hanbaobao Pte. Ltd. (Licensee of McDonald’s)    1  Free       Welcome to the McDonald’s Singapore McDelivery Mobile Ordering App!                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            foodora - Finest Food Delivery    Foodora GmbH    1  Free       FOOD YOU LOVE. DELIVERED.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            e-FOOD Delivery    e-FOOD.gr    1  Free       e-FOOD.gr - The leading App for online food delivery in Greece!                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Bite Squad    Bite Squad    1  Free       Get food from your favorite local restaurants delivered on demand.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            Instacart: Grocery Delivery    Instacart    1  Free       On-demand grocery delivery from your favorite local stores. 1st delivery free!                  1  Free               Show More      ©2017 Google  Site Terms of Service  Privacy  Developers  Artists  About Google   By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments  Terms of Service  and  Privacy Notice .        




 


Products - Summers Labs

















































Summers Labs
Skincare Solutions
Navigation



				800-533-7546
			
Weekdays  8:30am-5pm EST

Your Account
0








 










You are here: Home › Products 

Skincare Solutions

	Showing all 24 results




 Keralyt 5 Cream 

$23.50

Add to cart




 Summers Laboratories Moisture-All™ 

$7.00

Add to cart




 Comfort Bear® Bar Gentle Baby Soap 

$4.99

Add to cart




 Triple Paste Diaper Rash Care Kit 

$15.10

Add to cart




 Keralyt 5 Shampoo 

$22.50

Add to cart




 Keralyt 5 Gel 

$22.50

Add to cart




 Keralyt Scalp 


Read More




 Keralyt Shampoo 


Read More




 Keralyt Gel 6% 


Read More




 Dritho-Creme 


Read More




 Triple Paste AF 

$12.99–$20.99

Select options




 Triple Wash Gentle Diaper Rash Formula 

$11.45

Add to cart




 Triple Cream Dry Skin / Eczema Care 

$11.25–$24.65

Select options




 Rezamid Acne Lotion 

$23.00

Add to cart




 Liquimat Medium 

$19.99

Add to cart




 Keralyt Gel 3% 

$16.30

Add to cart




 Triple Paste Medicated Ointment for Diaper Rash 

$9.90–$29.99

Select options




 Sebasorb 

$19.05

Add to cart




 Tarsum Shampoo/Gel 

$15.85–$26.20

Select options




 Cutar Emulsion 

$21.70–$127.35

Select options




 Cutemol Emollient Cream 

$11.90–$28.05

Select options




 Triple Paste Adult Medicated Ointment for Incontinence Rash 

$18.50

Add to cart




 DermaNail Nail Conditioner 

$29.25

Add to cart




 Chromelin Complexion Blender 

$20.60

Add to cart



























Pander - Coming Soon






















Pandercoming soon to the Web
It's nearly ready - promise








00
Days


00
Hours


00
Minutes


00
Seconds








Pander is the best way to order food - simple, personal, and intelligent. Click to learn more about what makes it so unique. Although Pander is already available on both Android and iOS, the web app isn't quite ready yet. So in the meantime, why not poke around, learn a little more, and then download the app and take it for a spin?
Excited?
If you would like to receive updates and special offers please send us your email address below:














"After using it a few times, I got a duck and mango sandwich that was unbelievable. I never would've ordered it on my own, but the algorithms predicted I would like it. AND it's exciting to see what the app will suggest or where the food comes from."
- Thomas K


"Makes it real easy to try out new food around the city without having to think."
- Kashyap Rajagopal


"This is a really unique concept...simple, easy-to-use interface...loads up quickly and has a vast array of establishments from which you can choose from."
- William Bessette


"With just a few taps, you can get your favorite foods in a flash! ...Furthermore, the Pander App for Android mobile phones learns from your orders. Amazing, isn’t it?"
- Sako-Houmu
















Pander Labs Inc. © 2016












Pander Labs Inc. Droid Informer: Latest Pander Labs Inc. software updates and reviews: Pander - Food Delivery, etc.
















Log in



Language



                    de                

                    es                

                    fr                

                    ja                

                    ko                

                    ru                

                    hi                

                    en                

                    pt                













en


					de				

					es				

					fr				

					ja				

					ko				

					ru				

					hi				

					pt				






Apps developed by Pander Labs Inc.














Pander - Food Delivery
Food & Drink









installed                : 1.000+            


  







Top Software
Developers
Members


Terms & Privacy

DMCA


Copyright © 2017, droidinformer.org


















 















 









Pander - Your Virtual Chef





































Pander
Your Virtual Chef



 Android



 Web



                            Check availability in your city
                        














What is Pander?

Pander is a new way to order food online. It's personal, simple, and shows you all the food you like - nothing more, nothing less.
It lets you order complete meals with a single tap, chosen specifically for you thanks to its unique algorithms.
You save time, energy, and get a consistently delicious variety of meals - so you can stop spending time wondering what to eat, and start actually eating.







lightbulb_outlineWhy Pander?






personPersonalized






done_allSimple






updateAdaptive






settingsCustomizable




Why Build Pander?

Online food ordering is broken.
Sure, there are hundreds (thousands?) of restaurants you can choose from - but what good is that? You don't have time to read hundreds of menus.
So you settle, and go back to that same just-barely-good-enough meal you get every day.
We think there's a better way.
That's why we built Pander. From beginning to end, Pander is about giving you a simple, personalized experience - without sacrificing choice.
So stop spending time digging through lists, when what you really want to be doing is digging into the perfect meal, picked just for you.
Start being Pandered to.




 


Personalized For You

You have unique tastes.
We understand that - which is why Pander isn't just some list of dishes we think 'most people' would like.
Instead, when you first set up Pander, we'll ask you a couple of questions about what kinds of food you enjoy. From there, our unique algorithms get to work.
Every time you pull up Pander, we'll show you options you might like - Pasta, maybe. Or perhaps Seafood.
Each option will be tailored to fit your palate, so that you're not wasting time looking at dishes that you don't feel like eating.




 


Simple. Straightforward. Stress-Free.

Ordering isn't the important part - eating is.
So we built Pander to be simple and efficient, letting you order a meal as easily as possible.
From the list of options we show you, all you have to do is tap on one that looks good.
We'll then take care of all the busywork - we'll check the restaurants that are open for delivery and pick a good one, we'll analyze their menu to build you a great meal, and we'll make sure everything fits within your budget, even if there are delivery charges or minimum order sizes to worry about.
Once that's handled, we'll show you the full meal we've put together to look over.
You can confirm with another tap - and that's it! We'll place the order - you can just sit back and wait for your food to arrive.




 


Adaptable & Intelligent

Pander will improve with every meal.
We think we can do a pretty good job of finding food for you based on the initial questions we ask - but you can't always learn everything right away. So Pander will always be on the lookout for ways to get smarter.
Maybe you like some cuisines for lunch, but not dinner? Makes sense! Pander will make a note of it. Maybe you generally like a cuisine, but really aren't a fan of a couple of common dishes? We'll keep that in mind!
And if you want, you can speed the process up - you'll have the opportunity to rate every order you place, so we can understand if some restaurants or dishes just aren't quite cutting it for you.





 


Customize Every Detail

You can control every part of your Pander experience.
Should we order you dessert and a drink with your meal? Jump into the Settings and let us know!
Want to control how much tip to include with every order? Go for it - we'll include that amount by default so you don't have to look for change when the food shows up.
Do you want to be able to edit, on a dish-by-dish basis, the meals we suggest to you? Maybe switch out the appetizer for something else but keep the rest of what we've picked? You can do that too!
Dive in and tweak Pander to your heart's content - we want Pander to fit into your lifestyle, not make you change to work around it.
(And stay tuned - we have plenty more options for you to play with coming soon!)





 










Get Started






 Android



 Web






Connect






 Facebook


 Instagram


 Twitter














Supported Locations





                    Pander is currently available in most major cities, including Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, and Washington, DC.
                

                    You can also try Pander in any of the following locations:
                

                    Alexandria, VA &middot
                    Arlington, VA &middot
                    Atlanta, GA &middot
                    Austin, TX &middot
                    Baltimore, MD &middot
                    Bethesda, MD &middot
                    Boston, MA &middot
                    Bronx, NY &middot
                    Brookline, MA &middot
                    Brooklyn, NY &middot
                    Cambridge, MA &middot
                    Dallas, TX &middot
                    Denver, CO &middot
                    Falls Church, VA &middot
                    Folsom, CA &middot
                    Fresno, CA &middot
                    Herndon, VA &middot
                    Hoboken, NJ &middot
                    Houston, TX &middot
                    Jersey City, NJ &middot
                    Miami, FL &middot
                    Orlando, FL &middot
                    Phoenix, AZ &middot
                    Pittsburgh, PA &middot
                    Queens, NY &middot
                    Reno, NV &middot
                    Rockville, MD &middot
                    Roseville, CA &middot
                    Sacramento, CA &middot
                    San Diego, CA &middot
                    San Jose, CA &middot
                    San Ramon, CA &middot
                    Silver Spring, MD &middot
                    Somerville, MA &middot
                    Stamford, CT &middot
                    Staten Island, NY
                













Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


