


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Pangea Money Transfer — Send $30 Extra!















































Please choose a sending amount between $20 and $999



We give you $30 extra on your first transfer!
Send up to $2,999 for a fixed fee of $4.95.

Get $30 Extra








SEND





                  USD
            





RECEIVE






MXN
GTQ

USD
DOP
COP


MXN

MXN
GTQ


HNL
USD
DOP
COP






1.00 USD =  MXN



Send Money Now





Save up to 75% in fees when you send money home.
Try the Pangea Money Transfer app, where your dollars go further thanks to our locked-in exchange rates and no hidden fees! 

        See How it Works
      












Receiving a money transfer is now stress‑free.
Your recipients can get the money in cash at thousands of pickup locations, or directly into their bank accounts. We’ll also send them a text message with their unique transfer code.
Get Started










We protect your personal information.
With our advanced technology, your money transfers are 100% protected from start to finish, and you never have to expose sensitive information to a clerk.
Learn More












Get $30 extra on your first transfer!
Simply enter promo code BONO to get $30 extra.
Sign Up Free
Have an account already? Login.








Trusted by thousands as the best way to send money.





“It takes me less than a minute to send money from my phone!”
Javier, Atlanta




“Finally, a money transfer service with no hidden fees! It’s the cheapest way to send money home that I’ve found."
Lizbeth, Chicago




“It's so easy to register and send money with the Pangea app.”
Martha, Albuquerque









“It takes me less than a minute to send money from my phone!”
Javier, Atlanta






“Finally, a money transfer service with no hidden fees! It’s the cheapest way to send money home that I’ve found."
Lizbeth, Chicago






“It's so easy to register and send money with the Pangea app.”
Martha, Albuquerque






Send money to Mexico today!
We offer more than 12,000 cash pickup locations, including Elektra, BanCoppel, Telecomm, and more! You can also send money instantly to any debit card or bank account in Mexico.
Send Money Now




Get the Pangea Money Transfer App
Our free mobile app simplifies the way you send money across borders. Just a few taps, and you're done!











Explore

Refer a Friend
How it Works
Fee and Exchange Rates
Pickup Locations
Money Transfer Security
Blog



Connect

About Us & News
Meet the Team
Careers
User Agreements
Help & Contact
Complaints
Site Map





















© Pangea USA, LLC 2016
P.O. Box 3436, Chicago, IL 60654
+1 866-858-9928





Explore

Refer a Friend
How it Works
Fee and Exchange Rates
Pickup Locations
Money Transfer Security
Blog



Connect

About Us & News
Meet the Team
Careers
User Agreements
Help & Contact
Become a Pangea Partner
Complaints
Site Map




Send Money

Colombia
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Honduras
Guatemala
Mexico








Download the app




































© Pangea USA, LLC 2017 | P.O. Box 3436, Chicago, IL 60654 | +1 866-858-9928
















HOME













































































photos © John Guider



© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved



















NEWS









































WHAT'S NEW








































June 15, 2017













































April 11, 2017






Pangaea Announces Retirement of Chief Financial Officer Tony Laura-
Appointment of New CFO Gianni Del Signore




NEWPORT, RI – April 11, 2017 - Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. (NASDAQ: PANL) ("the Company") today announced the retirement of Chief Financial Officer Anthony “Tony” Laura. Mr. Laura has been involved with the Company in various roles since its inception in 1996, and has been instrumental in the company’s growth. He will remain with the Company as a director and continues to be a major shareholder.
 
Mr. Laura will be replaced by Gianni Del Signore, who had previously served as Controller. During his seven-year tenure at Pangaea, Del Signore has worked closely with Mr. Laura in managing Pangaea’s overall finance function.  Prior to Pangaea, Del Signore worked with Ernst & Young for five years.  He holds an MBA from Bryant University and a BS in Accounting from Providence College.
 
Ed Coll, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented, “Tony was an instrumental force in the early days of the company’s formation, expanding its reach with vessel acquisitions, forming joint ventures and attracting long term capital to grow the business. We thank him for his contributions and look forward to his continued involvement. Gianni has been a key member of our executive leadership team and brings an unmatched level of dedication which we are confident will lead to great success in his new role, and I’m excited to announce his appointment as Chief Financial Officer.”
 
“I am thrilled at the opportunity to continue advancing Tony’s achievements as I assume the role of Chief Financial Officer,” said del Signore. “I’m grateful for his leadership and impact and look forward to helping lead the company through its next growth stage.”
 
“My time at the Company has brought me a wealth of unforgettable memories,” said Laura. “I’d like to thank Ed for the opportunity to join this world-class team; my colleagues for their support and dedication; our partners, who are some of the smartest and most professional executives in our industry; and our shareholders, who have helped make Pangaea what it is today. I’m excited to see where Ed and
his team take this company next.”
 
 
 















































March 31, 2017









CLICK ANYWHERE
ON THE ARTICLE TO OPEN AND READ











































March 10, 2017














CLICK ANYWHERE
ON THE ARTICLE TO OPEN AND READ












































January 10, 2017




Pangaea Announces Appointment of New Chief Operating Officer





NEWPORT, RI - January 10, 2017 - Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. (NASDAQ: PANL) ("the Company"), today announced the appointment of Mark Filanowski to the role of Chief Operating Officer of the Company.
 
Mr. Filanowski, who has been a board member since the Company went public in October 2014, will assume immediately the newly created position in the Company.  Mr. Coll said, “For the last 18 months, Mark has been facilitating projects essential to our corporate strategy, including acquisition of the minority interest in our subsidiary Nordic Bulk Holding ApS and securing long-term financing for our newbuilding projects.  His experience will help to guide us through the next stage of Pangaea’s growth.”
 
Mr. Filanowski was previously a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marine Transport Corp., a NASDAQ listed company, prior to his involvement in the formation of Intrepid Shipping, LLC in 2002.  He has over 25 years of experience in shipping operations and finance.
 
Mr. Filanowski will remain on the Board of Directors of Pangaea as a non-independent director, and he will retain his existing ownership interests in Intrepid Shipping, LLC, a non-affiliated company which commercially manages two chemical parcel tankers and three handy bulk carriers, as well as his minority ownership interests in the same vessels.
 
 






















© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved



















CORPORATE GOVERNANCE








































PANGAEA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. utilizes its logistics expertise to service a broad base of industrial customers who require the transportation of a wide variety of dry bulk cargoes, including grains, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, bauxite, alumina, cement clinker, dolomite and limestone.
 
The Company addresses the transportation needs of its customers by undertaking a comprehensive set of services and activities, including cargo loading, cargo discharge,
vessel chartering, voyage planning, and technical vessel management.









Code of Ethics


Insider Trading Policy


Anti-Corruption Compliance Policy


Related Persons Transactions Policy


Whistleblower Policy



















© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved



















SEAMAR








































SEAMAR MANAGEMENT










Seamar provides technical management for the company’s owned vessels. The office is based in Athens, Greece and is staffed by a group of highly experienced maritime professionals. They manage all aspects of vessel operations and keep our Fleet of owned vessels in top condition. All vessels in the owned fleet are very highly Rated by Rightship with whom the company enjoys an active relationship.
 












SEAMAR MANAGEMENT S.A. of Panama, Company thereafter, is a shipping company incorporated in May 2007 and oper-ating under Greek Government Law 89 27/1975 from their office in Athens up to this day.
 
The Managing Director of the company, Fotis Doussopoulos, has been in the dry bulk trade for 30 years, mainly involved as cargo/vessels operator. He commenced his management
career in 1997 and thereafter continued as founder and man-aging director in 2002 of Evripos Shipmanagement S.A. Mr. Doussopoulos was a co-founder of Eolos Shipmanagement S.A. in 2004 acting as managing director until 2006 at which time the company’s vessels were sold.  Both these companies are still running successfully with Eolos having been restruc-tured and presently operating as “Globus Maritime”  which is
a Nasdaq listed company.
 
Seamar Management is proud of it’s man power as the Com-pany’s management and staff is comprised by a group of ex-ceptional marine professionals with extensive qualifications and experience in the fields of technical management of the shipping industry.The entire fleet managed by Seamar is under UK Club and North of England cover and Hull & Machinery insured with London Leader Underwriters. Click to go to Fleet page
 
The Company’s DOC, ISM and ISPS is issued by NK.
 
The company has undergone office review by RIGHTSHIP 2013 with successful results and all vessels have been credited with additional points in the RIGHTSHIP STAR rating system.




 
Click to go to Seamar's website




























photos © John Guider














© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved



















NORDIC BULK






































NORDIC BULK CARRIERS A/S





 














We are part of the Pangaea international network offering worldwide dry bulk logistics solutions to our clients year round, 24/7.
 
With our fleet of four ice class 1A bulk carriers, Nordic Bulk Carriers is one of the world’s leading ice trading operators.  In 2010 we became the first operator to use the Northern Sea Route. In 2013 our fully loaded Nordic Orion became the first bulk carrier to traverse the Northwest Passage carrying coal from Vancouver to Finland. Our fleet includes three new state-of-the-art Japanese panamax ships delivered between November 2014 and March 2015.
 
By partnering with charterers and ship-owners, we have built our business on excellent service, flexibility and speed. We operate in the Handy, Handy-Max and Panamax segments, shipping a wide variety of commodities including cement clinker, steel scrap, fertilizers, iron ore and grain.
 
The people who drive the entire
value chain, from chartering to
operations and accounting,
work side by side  to ensure constant and close contact, and keep feedback flowing between all employees so we can optimize business synergies.
 
Nordic Bulk Carriers currently employs 14 professionals in Copenhagen and 3 in Singapore.
 
Click to visit Nordic Bulk's website

























© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved















  PANL:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd   PANL:US   NASDAQ CM        2.70USD   0.16   5.59%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   2.70    Day Range   2.70 - 2.85    Volume   6,168    Previous Close   2.86    52Wk Range   2.25 - 4.44    1 Yr Return   12.50%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   2.70    Day Range   2.70 - 2.85    Volume   6,168    Previous Close   2.86    52Wk Range   2.25 - 4.44    1 Yr Return   12.50%    YTD Return   -20.59%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   9.20    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.29    Market Cap (m USD)   111.233    Shares Outstanding  (m)   41.197    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.34    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.54%     Industry Transportation   % Price Change -3.08%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/19/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. CEO Ed Coll Discusses Common Share Issuance and Other Business Developments     6/14/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Announces Unregistered Common Share Offering     5/10/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Reports Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017     5/4/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions to Report First Quarter 2017 Results     4/11/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Announces Retirement Of Chief Financial Officer Tony Laura     3/22/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Reports Financial Results for the Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2016     3/17/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions to Report Fourth Quarter 2016 Results     1/31/2017   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Announces Delivery Of Two Ultramax Newbuildings And Other Business Developments    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. is a global logistics company. The Company provides seaborne dry bulk transportation services through operating a fleet of vessels. Pangaea Logistics' operating subsidiaries operate bulk carriers.    Address  109 Long Wharf2nd FloorNewport, RI 02840United States   Phone  1-401-846-7790   Website   www.bulkcommercialservices.com     Executives Board Members    Edward Coll "Ed"  Chairman/CEO/Founder    Gianni Del Signore  Chief Financial Officer    Mark L Filanowski  Chief Operating Officer    Carl Claus Boggild  President:Brazil/Founder     Show More         
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd (PANL.PH)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd (PANL.PH)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductors












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PANL.PH on Philadelphia Stock Exchange


				3.12USD
13 Jun 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$3.12


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

155




52-wk High

$3.90


52-wk Low

$2.52












					Full Description



Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. (Pangaea), incorporated on April 29, 2014, is a holding company. The Company is a provider of seaborne drybulk transportation services. The Company services a range of industrial customers who require the transportation of a range of drybulk cargoes, including grains, coal, iron ore, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, bauxite, alumina, cement clinker, dolomite and limestone. The Company addresses the transportation needs of its customers by undertaking a set of services and activities, including cargo loading, cargo discharge, vessel chartering, voyage planning and technical vessel management. Its subsidiaries include Phoenix Bulk Carriers (BVI) Limited, Phoenix Bulk Management Bermuda Limited, Americas Bulk Transport (BVI) Limited, Bulk Ocean Shipping (Bermuda) Ltd., Phoenix Bulk Carriers (US) LLC, Allseas Logistics Bermuda Ltd., Bulk Patriot Ltd., Bulk Juliana Ltd., Bulk Trident Ltd., Bulk Atlantic Ltd., Nordic Bulk Barents Ltd., Nordic Bulk Bothnia Ltd., Nordic Bulk Carriers A/S and Nordic Bulk Holding ApS.The Company uses a mix of owned and chartered-in motor vessels to transport over 18.3 million deadweight tons (dwt) of cargo to approximately 100 ports across the world, averaging over 40 vessels in service. The Company's owned fleet includes approximately eight Panamax drybulk carriers, approximately four Supramax drybulk carriers and approximately two Handymax drybulk carriers. Its vessels include Nordic Orion, Nordic Odyssey, Nordic Oshima, Nordic Odin, Nordic Olympic, Bulk Pangaea, Bulk Patriot, Bulk Juliana, Bulk Trident, Bulk Newport, Nordic Bothnia and Nordic Barents. The Company provides logistics transportation services and commercially manages its fleet primarily from offices in Newport, Rhode Island and Copenhagen, Denmark and Singapore. Its logistics services and commercial management include identifying cargo for transportation, voyage planning, managing relationships, identifying vessels to charter in, and operating such vessels.

» Full Overview of PANL.PH







					Company Address



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd
109 Long Wharf Fl 2NEWPORT   RI   02840-2406
P: +1401.8467790F: +1401.8461520







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors




» More Officers & Directors





					Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd News




BRIEF-VR Global Partners reports 5.1 pct passive stake in Pangaea Logistics

Jun 26 2017 
BRIEF-Pangaea Logistics sells one of its existing vessels

Jun 19 2017 
BRIEF-Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd announces unregistered common share offering

Jun 14 2017 
BRIEF-Pangaea Logistics Solutions reports Q1 EPS $0.04

May 10 2017 
BRIEF-Pangaea Logistics announces retirement of CFO Tony Laura

Apr 11 2017 


» More PANL.PH  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductors

























CORPORATE GOVERNANCE








































PANGAEA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. utilizes its logistics expertise to service a broad base of industrial customers who require the transportation of a wide variety of dry bulk cargoes, including grains, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, bauxite, alumina, cement clinker, dolomite and limestone.
 
The Company addresses the transportation needs of its customers by undertaking a comprehensive set of services and activities, including cargo loading, cargo discharge,
vessel chartering, voyage planning, and technical vessel management.









Code of Ethics


Insider Trading Policy


Anti-Corruption Compliance Policy


Related Persons Transactions Policy


Whistleblower Policy



















© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved














Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.: A Unique And Misunderstood Business - Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (NASDAQ:PANL) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.: A Unique And Misunderstood BusinessJun.27.17 | About: Pangaea Logistics (PANL) Reid Hudson Value, special situationsSummaryPANL is a unique business that hasn't really been affected by the downturn in the shipping industry.I believe a mischaracterization of the company is responsible for its mispricing.Pangaea has an effective management team with aligned incentives.Occasionally you can find a company that may be incorrectly labeled or viewed as being part of an industry that doesn't truly reflect the value of its operations. On even rarer occasions, you can find that this company is included in a distressed industry that would cause it to be further mispriced. I believe Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (PANL) may be an example of this kind of company. Pangaea Logistics is a global shipping and logistics company that employs a unique business model which focuses on customer relationships instead of vessel ownership and shipping rates. Pangaea, which describes itself as "a provider of seaborne drybulk transportation services", contracts with industrial customers for the transportation of materials such as iron ore, coal, pig iron, grains, bauxite, hot briquetted iron, alumina, cement clinker, limestone, and dolomite. The company derives most of its revenue through contracts of affreightment (COAs), which are usually long term contracts to transport a specified amount of materials from one port to the other. Pangaea extends its efficiency by focusing on backhaul routes in which it carries cargo that will bring in cash while it is returning to a primary port that it is usually contracted to load and move goods from. Pangaea lets its fronthaul routes take care of themselves because they are confident those can be acquired more easily. In a March 2017 interview, Edward Coll, Pangaea's CEO, said they will even turn down contracts if they don't present good backhaul opportunities. Edward Coll contrasted their COA-centric business model with that of the rest of the industry by way of real estate examples. He stated that most shipping companies are floating apartment buildings that will charge their customers the going rate to live in their rooms, whatever the market determines it to be. They buy ships and let other people manage and run them while they collect the checks. Pangaea, on the other hand, contracts for the sure payments ahead of time and then uses a variety of methods-chartered in, owned vessels, etc.-to earn the money. They provide a service instead of just tonnage.
 Being one of the only dry bulk companies I could find that actually made money throughout 2015 and 2016, Pangaea's approach looked very interesting. While most shipping companies are tying up their capital in the ownership of ships to capitalize on the operating leverage that accrues when rates increase substantially, Pangaea prefers to invest in its business and is content with hitting triples instead of home runs as long as that means growing the business organically and generating consistent cash flows. Most of the ships it utilizes are chartered in on a short term basis (usually less than 9 months) to service its contracts. In Pangaea's 2017 1st Quarter 10-Q, it states that it owns and partially owns 15 dry bulk carriers. On a given day in 2017, Pangaea is usually operating around 55 carriers, so as you can see, the majority of its fleet is chartered in. Pangaea bought its first dry bulk carrier in 2001 to generate a higher number of COAs. Since then, Pangaea has opportunistically acquired ships only when necessary and only when it had a COA ready to be utilized. Pangaea began building and buying Ice Class carriers because it saw a niche opportunity where it could compete in a market with very few competitors. In 2013, Nordic Bulk Carriers, a Pangaea subsidiary, was the first company to traverse the Northwest Passage (NWP) and was the first non-Russian company to transit the Northern Sea Route (NSR) in 2010, both of which shorten shipping days substantially, provide tremendous cost savings for clients, and are expected to be utilized more as the industry matures. While staying true to its effective strategy, Pangaea has quickly become a major player in the niche Panamax Ice Class subsector. Pangaea came public through a reverse merger in 2014 that was written about extensively on Seeking Alpha mainly because of the involvement of Joel Greenblatt. Quartet Merger Corp, a special acquisition company (SPAC) set up by successful value and activist investor Eric Rosenfeld (not the one involved in Long Term Capital Management) acquired Pangaea, which was then a private company. Shortly thereafter dry bulk rates tanked and the market cap of the company tanked as well.
 

 While I do not know when rates will increase, I believe that they eventually will. I don't expect anything close to the early-to-mid 2000s rate environment, but with Pangaea's stable cash flows, now seems like a good time to be a buyer; it is obviously not a peak. I do not pretend to possess any knowledge related to macro trends, but the last few years have been a perfect storm of oversupply and decreasing demand. The number of dry bulk carriers increased dramatically to take advantage of the high rates a few years ago. While global trade and dry bulk volume has been growing steadily, it suddenly stalled in 2015. 

 (chart from opensea.pro) During what is widely considered to be the most distressed shipping market in history, Pangaea generated about a 5% and 7% FCF ROIC in 2016 and 2015 respectively. Because the new COAs it enters into are based upon the prevailing dry bulk rates, PANL's revenue has decreased since 2014. It has had to take a few asset impairments, but since it is mostly an operator instead of an owner, these have not been substantial. Another interesting fact about Pangaea Logistics is that they do not pay any income taxes. They are incorporated in Bermuda and utilize Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code which states that the revenue of certain corporations that are incorporated in certain foreign countries is exempt from taxation relating to shipping operations.
 Pangaea's 1st Quarter 2017 results don't appear as impressive as they actually were. Net income of $1.3 million was roughly in line with the first quarter of 2016, but was actually depressed by a $4.3 million charge for a sale-leaseback expense that normally does not occur. With that added back and income attributable to non-controlling interest taken into account, net income for the quarter should be about $3.2 million. Valuation I believe Pangaea's balance sheet does not accurately reflect the value of the assets it owns. Sure, the ships it owns are included, but what are the real assets attributable to Pangaea? The COAs are Pangaea's true assets. It just utilizes the ships it owns and charters in to monetize these assets. This then begs the question of what the value of these COAs actually are. Sadly, we are not provided details about most of Pangaea's contracts in its filings or press releases. To try to gain somewhat of a perspective I look to Pangaea's free cash flow. To get this number I use operating cash flow minus stock compensation expense (because I consider this to be a true expense), income attributable to non-controlling interest, and capital expenditures. Most years PANL does not list any capital expenditures besides the small amounts required for the upkeep of its offices and owned real estate property. Looking back through Pangaea's financial statements, which, unfortunately, only go back a few years because of its fairly recent public listing, I was able to find an investing expense on the cash flow statements listed as "drydocking costs". Pangaea describes these costs as expenses for upgrades and improvements to owned operating vessels. That is the only expense listed on the cash flow statements that I could find that appears to represent what would normally be called maintenance capital expenditures. The largest expense listed was $4.8 million in 2014. Since this is the highest expense listed, and since there is not a drydocking cost recorded most years, I have chosen to use $4 million for the capex number.
 This puts FCF at about $12.6 million and $19.4 million for the full years of 2016 and 2015 respectively. With Pangaea's market cap around $117 million, it appears to trade only at around 9.3x its current depressed FCF and 6x its 2015 FCF. Pangaea is priced slightly below its current net asset value, but as I said earlier, it is most likely priced substantially below its true NAV. In their 2014 S-4 filing, Quartet provides details about what they think the intrinsic value of Pangaea really is. In this analysis, they primarily value Pangaea on a relative value basis, comparing it to what they consider to be its most comparable competitors. Through this process, Quartet comes to the conclusion that PANL's equity value is somewhere between $520 million and $550 million before they took any cash from the transaction into consideration. Obviously, this is substantially above what Pangaea is currently selling for, but the discount is understandable given PANL's current cash flow profile. Despite Pangaea's resistance to the inherent cyclicality of its business, it is still somewhat susceptible to rate swings even if the effects are minimal. Furthermore, Pangaea is valued upon this basis and is discounted because of the fact, even though its operations tell a different story. I believe it would be wise to try to replicate this valuation method, even if it was used almost 3 years ago. Quartet believed that there were no companies in the U.S. that exactly resembled PANL's unique business model. That being said, it did lay what it believed to be the most comparable companies it could find. I think using this list of mostly logistics companies will be beneficial in deciding on an intrinsic value for Pangaea. A few notes on the following chart: All numbers are from the full year 2016 financial statements except for debt and shares outstanding. I have made an adjustment to Echo Global Logistics' FCF number for 2016 because it possessed what I considered to be an extraordinary capex number recorded for 2016. Also, for Navios Maritime Holdings I could not find an in-depth presentation of its FCF, so I decided to exclude those blocks from the chart.
 

 In the graphic above, it is obvious that Pangaea is valued lower than all of the logistics companies that are displayed. That is expected, considering it is not a full fledged logistics company, and still is somewhat more asset-intensive than these companies. One thing that is apparent, however, is that it is not in the same class as most shipping companies. The 2016 results above do not necessarily tell the whole story for Pangaea. While most of the logistics companies listed have been growing and some are even at peak earnings, Pangaea's results were from what is considered one of the worst years in its history. PANL's 2016 FCF ROE is respectable, but its 2015 FCF ROE puts it well in line with the logistics companies it is being compared to. With a FCF ROE of 17.9% in 2015, Pangaea demonstrates that it can generate results similar to asset-light logistics companies that are known for their high returns on equity. Looking into the past and future, it is also apparent that, since this is a trough free cash flow year for Pangaea, its normalized FCF would be substantially higher than what it is now. Free cash flow of around $20-25 million is an entirely reasonable expectation considering PANL has achieved $20 million multiple times in the past. This would put the current share price at about 5x that cash flow number. Looking at the comparable companies, I think it is entirely reasonable to apply a 12x to 15x multiple to Pangaea's free cash flows, but until the market realizes what kind of company it is, this might not happen. What is also apparent is that Pangaea has substantially more debt than most logistics companies. This was expected and was even talked about in the 2014 S-4, a time during which Pangaea had very little debt. Pangaea had been planning to take on debt and access capital markets to increase its ownership of vessels. What is encouraging is that, although Pangaea has a substantial amount of debt, it is not very large when compared to the rest of the shipping industry. Pangaea's interest coverage is at about 5x for 2016, even with a relatively depressed EBITDA. Normalized EBITDA would also cause the EV/EBITDA multiple to be substantially lower than the other companies on the list. 2015's EV/EBITDA was actually around 8x.
 Another thing to keep in mind is that growth is not taken into account in this valuation. Pangaea has been generating substantial FCF that it can plow back into its business to generate growth in the future. Growth of around 20% was actually expected when Quartet made the acquisition. What wasn't expected was that the dry bulk shipping environment would descend into what could be the worst few years in its history. I really do think Pangaea has handled the last few years better than any dry bulk shipping company I have ever seen, and I am confident in its management to reinstate its growth in the upcoming years. Risks Major risks for Pangaea Logistics include rapid increases in dry bulk carrier charter rates [although it does hedge its exposure with forward freight agreements (FFA)], its debt, extreme fluctuations in dry bulk shipping rates, extreme fluctuations in bunker fuel costs, anti-trade measures, geopolitical issues, and the obsolescence of its trade routes or the way it does business. Pangaea's debt appears to be manageable and it seems to have sufficient access to lenders and capital markets. Their interest coverage ratio is in check, and if dry bulk shipping rates rise high enough, maybe newly completed COAs will allow Pangaea to pay down substantial parts of its debt. About 38% of its debt is floating rate, but it has been entered into interest rate swaps until this year. I know nothing about United States or international tax law, but the reinstatement of income taxes on Pangaea is cited as a risk in its 10-K. Although its lawyers conclude that Pangaea meets all the necessary requirements, the implementation of taxes would cause a substantial drop in Pangaea's net income and free cash flow. The question of a sustainable moat has come to mind multiple times, and, like most companies operating in a commodity sector, it is a hard one to answer. Through its Ice Class carriers, Pangaea is operating in an area of the dry bulk market where it has and probably will see the least amount of competition. This isn't to say that competition can't increase. As the arctic routes become more well-known and used, I assume more companies will build and operate Ice Class carriers. This could be years away, which will help Pangaea tremendously in the meantime. As for the rest of its business, Pangaea seems to operate very differently than almost every other shipping company out there. Edward Coll appears to value relationships and curiosity tremendously. It's hard to quantify, but a culture can increase a company's value exponentially. Furthermore, Pangaea has adopted a customer and service centric business persona and has branched out into logistics operations. This helps to keep customers renewing contracts and will undoubtedly increase the amount of customers that want to do business with Pangaea.
 Pangaea has assisted customers in cargo loading and discharge, vessel chartering, technical vessel management, and voyage planning. Although these operations are not a substantial portion of Pangaea's revenue, one can see how they can help to draw in repeat business. This sounds like things that traditional logistics companies do to help their customers achieve their desired shipping experience. Pangaea has gone as far as to assist in the construction of a new port recently, matching the two parties and transporting about 1.1 million tons of construction material to the port since entering the contract. The thing that has bothered me the most about Pangaea has been their recent equity private placement at a share price below the share price at the time and well below what I consider to be PANL's intrinsic value. Through this offering Pangaea raised $15 million for the acquisition of new vessels, but added about 7 million new shares. As every good value investor knows, dilution below intrinsic value is an inherently value destructive action the majority of the time. This action seems to lump PANL in with the rest of the distressed and over-leveraged shipping companies that have had to issue equity at the bottom of the market. Although this is troubling at first glance, I would suggest a deeper look into Pangaea's goals and how this offering might allow them to be accomplished. Why would Pangaea issue equity at the price that it did, which was $2.25 a share? From what management has said, it was to buy a ship. Perhaps Pangaea views this current environment as the most opportune time to be a buyer of ships. With dry bulk rates still extremely low, the value of ships for sale has dropped dramatically. No longer are the thousands of other companies scrambling to add to their fleet by the day and take advantage of elevated rates. No longer is there a massive order of ships being built for future use. As the rates decrease, so do the prices. Maybe Pangaea views this as a value-added acquisition because of the price of the ship compared to the revenue it may generate in the future. I agree with PANL that debt doesn't need to increase very much, but issuing equity below intrinsic value, for whatever reason, has come to be seen as the one sin no management can overcome. I would suggest that the reason and context of the situation matter very much. Issuing equity during a rising interest rate environment to buy a ship at a depressed price that can help to add accretive free cash flows in the future may not be such a bad thing. I'm not saying this should be overlooked, but I guess what I am saying is that it comes down to how well you trust the management.
 Conclusion The last sentence leads me directly into a discussion of Pangaea's management. Pangaea's management is experienced and has interests that are very much aligned with shareholders considering all directors and executive officers as a group own about 87.35% of the company. This is very encouraging to me. The current management has been running and growing Pangaea for a long time, and considering they have a large amount of their net worth tied up in it, will continue to run and grow it as efficiently as they can. They were not looking for a cash out when they took the company public, they were looking for a partner to help them access the capital markets. Management compensation is very reasonable, and having people like Eric Rosenfeld on the board is very encouraging. Eric invested a large amount in the company through his SPAC and has built a reputation of fighting for shareholder's rights and values. Also, Jacob Ma-Weaver of Cable Car Capital, a fund that has achieved spectacular returns, owns PANL and has written about it extensively. I would encourage all readers to go read his investor letters and see what he has to say about Pangaea. Like I have said in the past, having people smarter than you on your side is always helpful and encouraging. Pangaea Logistics is a very interesting and unique company that appears to be overlooked and mispriced because of its perceived position in a distressed industry. While the risks are very real, I believe Pangaea offers the opportunity for a double whammy type of return brought on by FCF growth and a revaluation. As always, feedback is welcome.
Disclosure: I am/we are long PANL. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Services, ShippingWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Reid Hudson and get email alerts





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•4 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Yesterday, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•1 CommentSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•3 CommentsA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William KellerVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP IdeasIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•10 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•2 CommentsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•95 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•2 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•4 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•22 CommentsTeekay Offshore Dodges A BulletTK, TOO• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Long Player•105 CommentsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•3 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•1 CommentCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•2 CommentsSuniva's Section 201 Petition: Devastating To The U.S. PV Industry, But Not To ProducersCSIQ, DQ, FSLR• Yesterday, 2:45 PM • X. Dong Wang•6 CommentsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•94 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•9 CommentsDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAROTY Edition 1 Volume 15: Updates And Reducing RiskANAB, CBAY, SSTI• Yesterday, 2:06 PM • Jonathan Faison•1 CommentWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•53 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•11 CommentsUndervalued And Growing: Argan, Inc.AGX• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Ty Huggins•4 CommentsChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•1 CommentActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonMamaMancini's: 40% Organic Growth Selling...MeatballsMMMB• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Michael Liu•4 CommentsWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•2 CommentsAdomani: Electric Buses Are The Way To GoADOM• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Marcus Mincey•1 CommentTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•8 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•4 CommentsDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•13 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: Apple's Second Revolutionary OfferingAAPL• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • J. M. Manness•24 CommentsIs It Too Late To Buy Facebook?FB• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•39 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•11 CommentsAMD: We Have Lift OffAMD• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Kumquat Research•76 CommentsAMD: The Inside StoryAMD• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • The Structure Of Price•50 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•4 CommentsApple: On A Slippery SlopeAAPL• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Rohit Chhatwal•47 CommentsBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsTurquoise Hill Resources: Catalysts Align In Its FavorTRQ• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • Gary Bourgeault•3 CommentsMicrosoft Versus IBM - Which Moat To Invest In?IBM, MSFT• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • Houman Tamaddon•51 CommentsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•31 CommentsTransocean: It's All About The Credit FacilityRIG• Yesterday, 9:34 AM • Vladimir Zernov•5 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•6 CommentsApple: DCF ValuationAAPL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Oleh Kombaiev•24 CommentsVipshop Holdings Is Fairly PricedVIPS• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Sven Carlin•1 CommentVersabank: Insiders Buying A Conservative Bank Trading At Half BookVRRKF• Yesterday, 9:07 AM • Coastal Investing•4 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 27, 2017BMY, MRK, THERF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•29 CommentsAnalog Devices Has High Margin Of SafetyADI• Yesterday, 8:57 AM • Kush Patel•1 CommentBP's Market Outlook As OPEC Compliance FaltersBP• Yesterday, 8:36 AM • Gary Bourgeault•9 CommentsRedfin Ignores The ElephantsRDFN• Yesterday, 8:35 AM • IPO Candy•3 CommentsViña Concha Y Toro: A Strong Ship Facing Sharp HeadwindsVCO• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • William Daniel•4 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsBMW: Sales Growth And Electric CarsBMWYY• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentThe Next Generation Of MLP IPOsKRP, HESM, AMGP• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • AlerianSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil TraderScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•18 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Yesterday, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Yesterday, 7:06 AM • The Hedged EconomistProcter & Gamble: The Ultimate GamblePG• Yesterday, 6:58 AM • Activist Stocks•6 Comments123456...2525Next Page





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•4 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•1 CommentSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•3 CommentsA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William KellerVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP IdeasIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•10 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•2 CommentsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•95 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•2 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•4 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•22 CommentsTeekay Offshore Dodges A BulletTK, TOO• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Long Player•105 CommentsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•3 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•1 CommentCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•2 CommentsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•94 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•9 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•43 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•11 CommentsChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•1 CommentActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonMamaMancini's: 40% Organic Growth Selling...MeatballsMMMB• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Michael Liu•4 CommentsWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•2 CommentsAdomani: Electric Buses Are The Way To GoADOM• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Marcus Mincey•1 CommentTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•8 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•4 CommentsDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•13 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: Apple's Second Revolutionary OfferingAAPL• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • J. M. Manness•24 CommentsIs It Too Late To Buy Facebook?FB• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•39 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•11 CommentsAMD: We Have Lift OffAMD• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Kumquat Research•76 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•4 CommentsBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsTurquoise Hill Resources: Catalysts Align In Its FavorTRQ• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • Gary Bourgeault•3 CommentsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•31 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•6 CommentsApple: DCF ValuationAAPL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Oleh Kombaiev•24 CommentsVipshop Holdings Is Fairly PricedVIPS• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Sven Carlin•1 CommentVersabank: Insiders Buying A Conservative Bank Trading At Half BookVRRKF• Yesterday, 9:07 AM • Coastal Investing•4 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•29 CommentsAnalog Devices Has High Margin Of SafetyADI• Yesterday, 8:57 AM • Kush Patel•1 CommentBP's Market Outlook As OPEC Compliance FaltersBP• Yesterday, 8:36 AM • Gary Bourgeault•9 CommentsViña Concha Y Toro: A Strong Ship Facing Sharp HeadwindsVCO• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • William Daniel•4 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsBMW: Sales Growth And Electric CarsBMWYY• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil TraderScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•18 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Yesterday, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Yesterday, 7:06 AM • The Hedged EconomistInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•10 CommentsHow Intel Is Becoming A Diversified AI PlayerINTC• Yesterday, 6:34 AM • Right Angle•10 CommentsBarrick Gold Comes To Acacia's Rescue: High-Level Talks Start Next WeekABX• Yesterday, 6:14 AM • The Investment Doctor•14 CommentsNewmont Mining: How Would You Spend $378M?NEM• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • The Investment Doctor•1 CommentWho Will Benefit From Shale Spending Cuts?ESV• Yesterday, 5:09 AM • ValueAnalyst•20 CommentsNevsun: Timok Is Worth More Than Its Market CapNSU• Yesterday, 5:02 AM • Gold Mining Bull•16 CommentsSeaboard: Under-Followed Long-Term Compounder With Near-Term CatalystsSEB• Yesterday, 5:00 AM • Donald Marchiony•8 CommentsSanchez Energy Will Succeed With A Lower Capital BudgetSN• Yesterday, 2:27 AM • Long Player•23 CommentsThe Home Depot Is A Strong BuyHD• Yesterday, 2:13 AM • Kush Patel•8 CommentsAlphabet's Q2: Of Cash Flow And YouTubeGOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:46 PM • Steven Mallas•9 CommentsAlphabet: This Stock Will Help You Reach Your Retirement GoalsGOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•17 CommentsAbraxas Petroleum Needs Some DisciplineAXAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:55 PM • Long Player•10 CommentsKindred Bio Pounces On Feline Weight ManagementKIN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:51 PM • Strong Bio•6 Comments123456...1577Next Page





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksWorld Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWWE• Today, 12:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNavios Maritime Partners L.P. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNMM• Yesterday, 9:19 PM • SA TranscriptsGNC: Strong Earnings Or BustGNC• Yesterday, 7:22 PM • Chandler Clinkingbeard•11 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•3 CommentsPenske Automotive Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPAG• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • SA TranscriptsBusinesses Risk Lawsuits For False Brand Supply Chain Claims, EU RulesAHODF• Yesterday, 3:58 PM • Gabriel Thoumi, CFABarnes & Noble Might Actually Be Worth $1 Billion Or MoreBKS• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Daniel Jones•4 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•1 CommentUPS: Put Option Idea For IncomeUPS• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • Pat Stout•6 CommentsLa Quinta Holdings (LQ) Investor Presentation - SlideshowLQ• Yesterday, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMichael Kors Holdings (KORS) Acquires Jimmy Choo (JYMHF) - SlideshowKORS• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • SA TranscriptsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•2 CommentsReport: Expedia Invests $350 Million In TravelokaEXPE• Yesterday, 2:29 PM • Donovan JonesDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsChipotle - Gauging The Potential Effects Of The Norovirus OutbreakCMG• Yesterday, 12:35 PM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsComcast's Q2: Solid Numbers, Stock A Buy Even At Low YieldCMCSA• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Steven MallasDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•13 CommentsAre Wal-Mart's Top Management Able To Estimate EPS Accurately? Let's Find OutWMT• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Ville Peltonen•1 CommentUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•11 CommentsSirius XM Moves Higher On Q2 Earnings ReportSIRI• Yesterday, 10:55 AM • Spencer Osborne•25 CommentsLandstar System, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLSTR• Yesterday, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsLKQ Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLKQ• Yesterday, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsA Misunderstood And Overvalued Growth StockCSGP• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentSirius XM Posts Strong Results - Raises GuidanceSIRI• Yesterday, 10:00 AM • Crunching Numbers•57 CommentsCimpress N.V. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMPR• Yesterday, 9:54 AM • SA TranscriptsComcast Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMCSA• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsCharter Communications, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHTR• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsNew Media 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNEWM• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAllegion plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALLE• Yesterday, 9:49 AM • SA TranscriptsWhat Was Found Inside McDonald's Might Surprise YouMCD• Yesterday, 9:46 AM • David Zanoni•7 CommentsChipotle: Getting The Right PriceCMG• Yesterday, 9:31 AM • Stone Fox Capital•4 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•6 CommentsCostco Wholesale Corp.: Strong Financials, Fairly Valued StockCOST• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • Exclusive Capital•6 CommentsScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•18 CommentsDiana Containerships Adopts DryShips Model (Kalani); Reverse Split AgainDCIX• Yesterday, 7:13 AM • Research & Investment•9 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Yesterday, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Yesterday, 7:06 AM • The Hedged EconomistRoss Stores - Be Careful With This DipROST• Yesterday, 6:59 AM • Kenra Investors•9 CommentsTrinity Industries: The Market's Showing Signs Of RecoveryTRN• Yesterday, 4:43 AM • Daniel Jones•6 CommentsThe Home Depot Is A Strong BuyHD• Yesterday, 2:13 AM • Kush Patel•8 CommentsDiscovery And Scripps: An Odd Couple In A MergerSNI, DISCA• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:40 PM • Jay Wei•8 CommentsGenuine Parts: A Dividend King Trading At An 18-Month LowGPC• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:03 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•17 CommentsDryShips: Acquisitions Fully Funded. What Now?DRYS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:29 PM • Morningsidepark•15 CommentsLas Vegas Sands Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLVS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:07 PM • SA Transcripts•5 CommentsKnight Transportation, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKNX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsA True Contrarian Pick: The BuckleBKE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:07 PM • Ty Huggins•6 CommentsLivePerson, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLPSN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:56 PM • SA TranscriptsCAI International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCAI• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:44 PM • SA TranscriptsDryShips: Penguins At The Water's EdgeDRYS• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:20 PM • Kurt B. Feierabend•74 CommentsLowe's: A Stock That Will Continue To Improve Your PortfolioLOW• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:33 PM • Peter JaworowskiMcDonald's: I Should Have Bought ItMCD• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:19 PM • David Butler•23 CommentsGenuine Parts: The Dividend Is All That's LeftGPC• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:18 PM • Josh Arnold•12 CommentsChipotle Mexican Grill: Risk-Reward Is ImprovingCMG• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:09 PM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsShould You Invest In Ross Stores Shares?ROST• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:34 PM • Canadian Dividend Growth Investor•15 CommentsWill Turbulence In Mexico Mean A Bumpy Ride For OMA?Editors' Pick • OMAB• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:19 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentWhen Will Netflix Start Producing Cash Flow?NFLX• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:05 PM • Galileo Russell•37 CommentsChipotle: Next Circle?CMG• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:29 PM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsMichael Kors - Jimmy Choo Deal Is Aimed At The Long HaulKORS• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:07 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAmerisourceBergen: Safe And Steady GrowthABC• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:41 PM • John DiCecco•1 CommentDick's Sporting Goods Changing CourseDKS• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:51 AM • Eric Busher•2 CommentsSysco Update: Idea For Additional IncomeSYY• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 AM • Pat StoutTAL Education Group: Upside RemainsTAL• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:23 AM • DX2 Capital•4 CommentsNew Starbucks Locations And Unique Experiences: Time To Buy?SBUX• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:13 AM • Miles White•21 CommentsMcDonald's Second Quarter: I'm Lovin' ItMCD• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:20 AM • Sure Dividend•5 CommentsEuronet Worldwide, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEEFT• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:20 AM • SA TranscriptsDigging Into Starbucks' Sub-2% Dividend Yield Reveals A WinnerSBUX• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:07 AM • Beulah Meriam K•5 CommentsBuyer's Remorse Part III: PCM's Minority ReportPCMI• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:00 AM • Rota Fortunae•4 CommentsK12 Inc.: A Misunderstood Education Company Running Out Of GasLRN• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:24 AM • Quinn FoleyNorfolk Southern Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNSC• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Brink's Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBCO• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:17 AM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsOllie's Bargain: A Good DealOLLI• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:14 AM • Stock Hitter•3 CommentsCostamare Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCMRE• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:56 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentCanadian National Railway Company: A Dividend Growth King Reported Solid Q2 EarningsCNI• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:53 AM • Ploutos Investing•5 Comments123456...801Next Page













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. - PANL - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
2.70


Day Low
2.70


Day High
2.85


52 Wk Low
2.25


52 Wk High
4.44


Avg. Volume
8,142


Market Cap
111.23 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
0.38





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
NA


Current Qtr Est
NA


Current Yr Est
NA


Exp Earnings Date
8/21/17


Prior Year EPS
0.21


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA













Transportation » Transportation - Shipping





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings







Premium Research for PANL





Zacks Rank


                             NA
                            


Zacks Industry Rank
 Bottom 22%(208 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 13% (2  out of 16) 



Style Scores

NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for PANL

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.
PANL
NA


Kirby Corporation
KEX



Teekay Offshore Partners L.P.
TOO



Danaos Corporation
DAC



Orient Overseas International Ltd.
OROVY



A P MOLLAR-MRSK
AMKBY



Ardmore Shipping Corporation
ASC




See all Transportation - Shipping Peers


 




Zacks News for PANL
                    No Record found.
                    


Company Summary
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. operates as a global logistics company. It provides seaborne drybulk transportation services. The Company provides logistics services to a broad base of industrial customers who require the transportation of a wide variety of dry bulk cargoes, including grains, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, bauxite, alumina, cement clinker, dolomite, and limestone. It provides dry bulk cargo transportation services for steel, aluminum, energy, agricultural, and other sectors. Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. is headquartered in Newport, Rhode Island.   





 




  QTETU Stock Quote - Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd   QTETU:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.29    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   12.683    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.54%     Industry Transportation   % Price Change -3.08%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. is a global logistics company. The Company provides seaborne dry bulk transportation services through operating a fleet of vessels. Pangaea Logistics' operating subsidiaries operate bulk carriers.    Address  109 Long Wharf2nd FloorNewport, RI 02840United States   Phone  1-401-846-7790   Website   www.bulkcommercialservices.com     Executives Board Members    Edward Coll "Ed"  Chairman/CEO/Founder    Gianni Del Signore  Chief Financial Officer    Mark L Filanowski  Chief Operating Officer    Carl Claus Boggild  President:Brazil/Founder     Show More         PANL : Summary for Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 9 minsS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (PANL)NasdaqCM - NasdaqCM Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist2.700.00 (0.00%)At close:  4:00PM EDTPeople also watchTINYVECONVECFEICUTEKSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalysts1d5d1m6mYTD1y5yMaxFull screenPrevious Close2.70Open2.70Bid0.00 x Ask0.00 x Day's Range2.70 - 2.8552 Week Range2.25 - 4.44Volume6,168Avg. Volume15,139Market Cap111.23MBeta0.21PE Ratio (TTM)12.50EPS (TTM)0.22Earnings DateN/ADividend & YieldN/A (N/A)Ex-Dividend DateN/A1y Target Est7.00Trade prices are not sourced from all marketsAllNewsPress ReleasesPR Newswire•last monthPangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. CEO Ed Coll Discusses Common Share Issuance and Other Business DevelopmentsNEWPORT, R.I., June 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. ("PANL" or "Pangaea") previously announced it had completed a private placement of its common shares with various institutional and other accredited investors.  Fearnley Securities acted as the sole manager in the private placement.   Today, Pangaea's Chief Executive Officer, Ed Coll, commented on the private placement and other business developments.  Mr. Coll said, "We are pleased to have successfully returned to the capital markets for the first time since our merger in 2014.SponsoredBanyan HillIt's Easily the No. 1 Stock to OwnPaul reveals his No. 1 investment for 2017 ... an investment that he says will "hand you a rare once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to become ...PR Newswire•last monthPangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Announces Unregistered Common Share OfferingNEWPORT, R.I. , June 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (NASDAQ: PANL) (the "Company" or "our") today announced that it has priced a private placement to various ...Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Executives

 director 
Mark Filanowski
 director, 10 percent owner, officer: Chief Executive Officer 
Edward Coll
 director, 10 percent owner, officer: President 
Carl Boggild






Related Companies

Alma Maritime Ltd
Ardmore Shipping Corp
Arlington Tankers, LTD.
Baltic Trading Limited
Box Ships Inc.
Britannia Bulk plc
Brittannia Bulk Hld
Cambridge Holdco, Inc.
Capital Maritime & Trading Corp.
Capital Product Partners Lp
Cavan Maritime LTD
Costamare Inc.
Costamare Partners LP
Crude Carriers Corp.
Danaos Corp.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
Quartet Holdco Ltd. (until 2014-10-02)Standard IndustryClassification
Deep sea foreign transportation of freightAddress

109 Long Wharf, Newport, RI 02840
Phone
401 846 7790





Executives

 director 
Mark Filanowski
 director, 10 percent owner, officer: Chief Executive Officer 
Edward Coll
 director, 10 percent owner, officer: President 
Carl Boggild



Sample Contracts



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and Among PANGAEA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LTD. And THE
PARTIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE 1 HERETO Dated as of June 15, 2017
(June 22nd, 2017)
This Stock Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of June 15, 2017, by and among Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (the "Company"), and the Investors listed on Schedule 1 (each, an "Investor," and collectively, the "Investors").



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT by and Among PANGAEA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LTD. And THE
PARTIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE 1 HERETO Dated as of June 15, 2017
(June 22nd, 2017)
This Stock Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of June 15, 2017, by and among Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (the "Company"), and the Investors listed on Schedule 1 (each, an "Investor," and collectively, the "Investors").



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Dated as of April 14, 2017 BULK PANGAEA LIMITED, BULK PATRIOT LTD., BULK
JULIANA LTD., BULK TRIDENT LTD. And BULK PHOENIX LTD. As Borrowers BULK
PARTNERS (BERMUDA) LTD., BULK PARTNERS HOLDING COMPANY BERMUDA LTD. BULK FLEET
BERMUDA HOLDING COMPANY LTD. And PANGAEA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LTD. As Joint and
Several Guarantors DVB BANK SE as Lender -And- DVB BANK SE as Agent and
Security Trustee FOURTH AMENDATORY AGREEMENT Amending and Supplementing the
Loan Agreement Dated as of April 15, 2013, as Amended by a First Amendatory
Agreement Dated as of May 16, 2013, a Second Amendatory Agreement Dated A
(May 10th, 2017)
BULK PANGAEA LIMITED, BULK PATRIOT LTD., BULK JULIANA LTD., BULK TRIDENT LTD. and BULK PHOENIX LTD., each a company duly organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda, as borrowers (the "Borrowers");



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Stock Purchase Agreement Nordic Bulk Ventures Holding Company Ltd.
(March 23rd, 2017)
This Stock Purchase Agreement is made and entered into as a deed as of the 23rd day of January, 2017 (hereinafter the "Agreement"), by and between Bulk Fleet Bermuda Holding Company Ltd., a Bermuda company with its registered address located at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08 Bermuda ( "BFB" or "Buyer"); ST Shipping and Transport Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company with its registered address located at 1 Temasek Avenue, #34-01 Millenia Tower, Singapore 039192 ("STST" or "Seller"), and; Nordic Bulk Ventures Holding Company Ltd., a Bermuda company with its registered address located at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08 Bermuda (the "Company", and together with the Buyer and Seller, the "Parties").



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Norton Rose Fulbright
(March 23rd, 2017)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
BULK NORDIC FIVE LTD. (As Seller) AND NICOLE NAVIGATION S.A. (As Buyer)
PURCHASE AGREEMENT Relating to One 59,000 DWT Ice Class Ultramax Bulk Carrier
Named BULK DESTINY
(March 23rd, 2017)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Nordic Bulk Ventures Holding Company Ltd. Stock Purchase Agreement Dtd. January
23, 2017 Addendum
(March 23rd, 2017)
This Addendum to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated the 23rd day of January, 2017 (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as a deed this 10th day of February, 2017 (the "Addendum"), by and between Bulk Fleet Bermuda Holding Company Ltd., a Bermuda company with its registered address located at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08 Bermuda ( "BFB" or "Buyer"); ST Shipping and Transport Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company with its registered address located at 1 Temasek Avenue, #34-01 Millenia Tower, Singapore 039192 ("STST" or "Seller"), and; Nordic Bulk Ventures Holding Company Ltd., a Bermuda company with its registered address located at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08 Bermuda (the "Company", and together with the Buyer and Seller, the "Parties").



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Loan Agreement
(March 23rd, 2017)
BULK NORDIC SIX LTD. ("Bulk Nordic"), a company organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda whose registered office is at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, 14 Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08, Bermuda, as borrower (the "Borrower", which expression includes its respective successors, transferees and assigns);



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Dated as of July 14, 2016 BULK PANGAEA LIMITED, BULK PATRIOT LTD., BULK JULIANA
LTD., BULK TRIDENT LTD. And BULK PHOENIX LTD. As Borrowers BULK PARTNERS
(BERMUDA) LTD., BULK PARTNERS HOLDING COMPANY BERMUDA LTD., BULK FLEET BERMUDA
HOLDING COMPANY LTD. And PANGAEA LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LTD. As Joint and Several
Guarantors DVB BANK SE as Lender -And- DVB BANK SE as Agent and Security
Trustee THIRD AMENDATORY AGREEMENT Amending and Supplementing the Loan
Agreement Dated as of April 15, 2013, as Amended by a First Amendatory
Agreement Dated as of May 16, 2013 and by a Second Amendatory Agreement Da
(August 15th, 2016)
BULK PANGAEA LIMITED, BULK PATRIOT LTD., BULK JULIANA LTD., BULK TRIDENT LTD. and BULK PHOENIX LTD., each a company duly organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda, as borrowers (the "Borrowers");



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2014 Share Incentive Plan
(June 28th, 2016)
The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain key employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for shareholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such shareholders. The Plan authorizes the award of Share-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of shareholder value.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Loan Agreement
(March 23rd, 2016)
BULK NORDIC OASIS LTD. ("Bulk Oasis"), a company organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda whose registered office is at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, 14 Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08, Bermuda, as borrower (the "Borrower", which expression includes its respective successors, transferees and assigns);



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
(November 12th, 2015)
BULK NORDIC ODIN LTD. ("Bulk Odin"), BULK NORDIC OLYMPIC LTD. ("Bulk Olympic"), BULK NORDIC ODYSSEY LTD. ("Bulk Odyssey"), BULK NORDIC ORION LTD. ("Bulk Orion") and BULK NORDIC OSHIMA LTD. ("Bulk Oshima"), each a company organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda whose registered office is at 3rd Floor, Par la Ville Place, 14 Par la Ville Road, Hamilton HM08, Bermuda, as joint and several borrowers (the "Borrowers", and each separately a "Borrower", which expressions include their respective successors, transferees and assigns);



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2014 Share Incentive Plan
(October 1st, 2015)
The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain key employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for shareholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such shareholders. The Plan authorizes the award of Share-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of shareholder value.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2014 Share Incentive Plan
(September 16th, 2015)
The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain key employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for shareholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such shareholders. The Plan authorizes the award of Share-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of shareholder value.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2014 Share Incentive Plan
(August 21st, 2015)
The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain key employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for shareholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such shareholders. The Plan authorizes the award of Share-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of shareholder value.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2014 Share Incentive Plan
(August 13th, 2015)
The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain key employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for shareholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such shareholders. The Plan authorizes the award of Share-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of shareholder value.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2014 Share Incentive Plan
(August 10th, 2015)
The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain key employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for shareholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such shareholders. The Plan authorizes the award of Share-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of shareholder value.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Securities and Exchange Commission Washington, D.C. 20549
(July 2nd, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Contract
(June 9th, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Contract
(May 15th, 2015)
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (the "Company"), pursuant to its 2014 Share Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the "Plan"), hereby grants to Holder the number of Restricted Shares set forth below. The Restricted Shares are subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein, as well as the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. Except where otherwise indicated in this Grant Notice, in the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Restricted Share Grant Notice and Agreement (this "Grant Notice"), the Plan shall govern and control.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Restricted Share Grant Notice and Agreement
(May 15th, 2015)
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (the "Company"), pursuant to its 2014 Share Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the "Plan"), hereby grants to Holder the number of Restricted Shares set forth below. The Restricted Shares are subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein, as well as the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Restricted Share Grant Notice and Agreement (this "Grant Notice"), the Plan shall govern and control.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Contract
(May 15th, 2015)
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. (the "Company"), pursuant to its 2014 Share Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the "Plan"), hereby grants to Holder the number of Restricted Shares set forth below. The Restricted Shares are subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein, as well as the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. Except where otherwise indicated in this Grant Notice, in the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Restricted Share Grant Notice and Agreement (this "Grant Notice"), the Plan shall govern and control.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Index
(May 15th, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Index
(May 15th, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Loan No. 310629100 CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT
(February 4th, 2015)
AGREEMENT made this 24th day of January, 2011, by and between Rockland Trust Company, a Massachusetts trust company with a place of business located at 288 Union Street, Rockland, Massachusetts 02370 (the "Lender") and 109 LONG WHARF LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a mailing address c/o Phoenix Bulk Carriers, 88 Valley Road, Middletown, Rhode Island 02842 (the "Borrower").



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
LOAN AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT Dated as of February 18, 2013 Among GATX
CORPORATION, as Lender, BULK ATLANTIC LTD., as Borrower, BULK PARTNERS
(BERMUDA) LTD., as Holding Company, and AMERICAS BULK TRANSPORT (BVI) LIMITED,
as Charterer
(February 4th, 2015)
Page                   ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION     1      1.1     Defined Terms     1      1.2     Currency     10      1.3     Accounting Terminology     10      1.4     Computation of Interest and Time Periods     10      1.5     Construction     11      ARTICLE II LOAN     11      2.1     Loan Advance.     11      2.2     Payments; Late Payments; Business Days     12      2.3     Application of Payments     12      2.4     Prepayment.     13      2.5     Taxes; Yield Protection; Illegality.     14      2.6     Wire Transfers     15      2.7     Renewal of Credit Facilities     15      2.8     Conditions     15      ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT     16      3.1     Conditions Precedent to the Advance     16      3.2     Compliance with Loan Documents     24      3.3     Unfulfilled Conditions Precedent Become Ongoing Covenants     24      ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES     24      4.1     Company Matters     24      4.2     Legal Matters     25      4.3  



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
LOAN AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT Dated as of August 6, 2013 Among GATX CORPORATION,
as Lender, BULK LIBERTY LTD., as Borrower, BULK PARTNERS (BERMUDA) LTD., as
Holding Company, and AMERICAS BULK TRANSPORT (BVI) LIMITED, as Charterer
(February 4th, 2015)
Page                   ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION     1      1.1     Defined Terms     1      1.2     Currency     10      1.3     Accounting Terminology     10      1.4     Computation of Interest and Time Periods     11      1.5     Construction     11      ARTICLE II LOAN     12      2.1     Loan Advance.     12      2.2     Payments; Late Payments; Business Days     12      2.3     Application of Payments     13      2.4     Prepayment.     13      2.5     Taxes; Yield Protection; Illegality.     15      2.6     Wire Transfers     15      2.7     Renewal of Credit Facilities     16      2.8     Conditions     16      ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT     16      3.1     Conditions Precedent to the Advance     16      3.2     Compliance with Loan Documents     25      3.3     Unfulfilled Conditions Precedent Become Ongoing Covenants     25      ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES     25      4.1     Company Matters     26      4.2     Legal Matters     26      4.3  



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
FACILITy AGREEMENT
(February 4th, 2015)
between     Nordic Bulk Bothnia Ltd. as Borrower and Guarantor                   And     Nordic Bulk Barents Ltd. as Borrower and Guarantor                   And     Bulk Partners (Bermuda) Ltd. as Guarantor                   And     Nordea Bank Danmark A/S as Lender                   and     Nordea Bank Danmark A/S as Agent



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Loan Agreement
(February 4th, 2015)
WHEREAS the Lender has agreed to make available to the Borrower a loan of $ 12,683,333.33 upon and subject to the terms of this Agreement, as well as, a certain subscription agreement concluded as of the date hereof between the Borrower, ST Shipping and Transport Pte. Ltd and Bulk Fleet Bermuda Holding Company Limited (the "Subscription Agreement");



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Lock-Up Agreement
(February 4th, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Loan and Guaranty Agreement
(February 4th, 2015)
THIS LOAN AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of the 25th day of February, 2011, between GATX CORPORATION, a New York corporation ("Lender"), and BULK DISCOVERY (BERMUDA) LTD., a Bermuda company ("Borrower"), BULK PARTNERS (BERMUDA) LTD., a Bermuda company ("Holding Company"), and AMERICAS BULK TRANSPORT (BVI) LIMITED, a British Virgin Islands business company ("Charterer"), with respect to the following facts:



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Registration Rights Agreement
(February 4th, 2015)
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the 1st day of October, 2014, by and among Quartet Holdco Ltd., a Bermuda company (the "Company"), and each of the persons or entities listed under the caption "Stockholders" on the signature page hereof (each a "Stockholder" and collectively the "Stockholders"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Section 1.



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Index
(February 4th, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Index
(February 4th, 2015)




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. –
Loan Agreement
(February 4th, 2015)
WHEREAS the Lender has made available to the Borrower a loan of $ 12,500,000 upon and subject to the terms of this Agreement, a Subscription Agreement, concluded as of the date hereof between the Lender, ASO Maritime S.A., and Bulk Fleet Bermuda Holding Company Limited ("BFB") (the "Subscription Agreement"), as well as, a certain transfer restructuring agreement concluded as of the date hereof between (the "Restructuring Agreement");













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.

















Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd - NASDAQ:PANL - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd (PANL)
Follow




                                    2.70
                                

0.16
5.59




                        NASDAQ : Services
                    

Jul 25, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  2.86


Open
2.70


Day Low/High

                                    2.70 /
                                    2.85


52 Wk Low/High

                                    1.89 /
                                    3.74
                                


Volume
6.17K


Avg Volume 
15.70K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
41.20M


Market Cap
111.23M


EPS
0.20


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            270.00
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. CEO Ed Coll Discusses Common Share Issuance And Other Business Developments






Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Announces Unregistered Common Share Offering













Pangaea Logistics Solutions To Report First Quarter 2017 Results


May 4, 2017 4:05 PM EDT









Pangaea Logistics Solutions To Report Fourth Quarter 2016 Results


Mar 17, 2017 4:05 PM EDT









Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Announces Delivery Of Two Ultramax Newbuildings And Other Business Developments


Jan 31, 2017 4:05 PM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:   ACY, ALLE, AMPH, EDE, EMR, NYT, QSII, RDCM, SBFG
    
Downgrades:   AWH, BDCV, CFNB, DGICB, EQS, MHH, PLCE, SPTN, WMAR, WMB
    
Initiations:   BOOT, ENVA, GRBK, PANL, SHLX, SIEN
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Dec 1, 2015 11:00 AM EST













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Reports Financial Results For The Three Months Ended September 30, 2015
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, announced today its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.

Nov 12, 2015 4:37 PM EST













Pangaea Logistics Solutions To Report Third Quarter 2015 Results
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, today announced that it will host a teleconference to discuss the Company's third...

Nov 5, 2015 9:07 AM EST













Pangaea Logistics Solutions' MV Nordic Odin Completes Pioneering Voyage From Baffin Island To Europe
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL) announced today that the MV Nordic Odin, which is operated by its subsidiary Nordic Bulk Carriers A/S, completed the first Panamax shipment of...

Aug 31, 2015 8:57 AM EDT













3 Stocks Pushing The Transportation Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Transportation industry lower today.

Aug 21, 2015 4:34 PM EDT













3 Stocks Pushing The Computer Hardware Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Computer Hardware industry lower today.

Aug 21, 2015 4:34 PM EDT













3 Stocks Pushing The Conglomerates Sector Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Conglomerates sector lower today.

Aug 21, 2015 4:34 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Announces Ten-Year Contract Extension
Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL) announced today that it has extended a Contract of Affreightment ("COA") with a major aluminum producer through 2026, which has the potential to...

Aug 19, 2015 4:03 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Reports Financial Results For The Three Months Ended June 30, 2015
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, announced today its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2015.

Aug 13, 2015 5:31 PM EDT













3 Stocks Moving The Transportation Industry Upward
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Transportation industry

Aug 12, 2015 4:33 PM EDT













3 Stocks Pushing The Computer Hardware Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Computer Hardware industry lower today.

Aug 11, 2015 4:34 PM EDT













3 Stocks Pushing The Conglomerates Sector Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Conglomerates sector lower today.

Aug 7, 2015 4:34 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions To Report Second Quarter 2015 Results
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, today announced that it will host a teleconference to discuss the Company's...

Aug 7, 2015 8:57 AM EDT













3 Transportation Stocks Pushing The Industry Higher
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Transportation industry

Jul 29, 2015 4:52 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Secures Strategic Contract Extensions
Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, today announced extensions to two of its Contracts of Affreightment ("COA") with...

Jun 1, 2015 8:57 AM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Announces Long-Term Contract Of Affreightment Utilizing Ice-Class Vessels
Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: PANL) announced today that it has entered into a three to five-year Contract of Affreightment ("COA") with a major international steel producer that...

May 20, 2015 8:53 AM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Reports Financial Results For The Three Months Ended March 31, 2015
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, announced today its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2015.

May 14, 2015 5:54 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions To Report First Quarter 2015 Results
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, today announced that it will host a teleconference to discuss the Company's first...

May 7, 2015 4:05 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. Reports Financial Results For The Year Ended December 31, 2014
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, announced today its results for the year ended December 31, 2014.

Mar 31, 2015 4:39 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions To Report Year End 2014 Results
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL), a global provider of comprehensive maritime logistics solutions, today announced that it will host a teleconference to discuss the Company's year...

Mar 26, 2015 4:50 PM EDT













Pangaea Logistics Solutions Announces Five-Year Contract Of Affreightment In Gulf Of Mexico
Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL) announced today that it has entered into a five-year Contract of Affreightment ("COA") for the transportation of two million tons of steel-related...

Mar 4, 2015 9:30 AM EST













(Photo: Business Wire)
Pangaea Logistics Solutions, Ltd. ("Pangaea" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:PANL) announced today the delivery of the Nordic Olympic and the Nordic Odin, both 76,180 dwt 1A ice-class panamax dry bulk carriers.

Feb 23, 2015 8:30 AM EST













3 Stocks Pushing The Transportation Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Transportation industry lower today.

Jan 9, 2015 4:32 PM EST













3 Stocks Advancing The Transportation Industry
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Transportation industry

Nov 20, 2014 3:32 PM EST













3 Stocks Pushing The Transportation Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Transportation industry lower today.

Nov 17, 2014 3:33 PM EST



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 7/25/2017


D-
(Sell)






Get the (PANL) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.: A Unique And Misunderstood Business

SeekingAlpha



Seeking Alpha's coverage of the Maritime Investment Forum

SeekingAlpha



Pangaea Logistics reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



Cramer's lightning round: This telecom's quarter was less than impressive

CNBC



Pangaea Logistics Solutions announces retirement of CFO Tony Laura

SeekingAlpha



Shipping rates continue to improve

SeekingAlpha



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2016 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Pangaea Logistics reports Q4 results

SeekingAlpha



Cramer's lightning round: Signs that Bristol-Myers has bottomed

CNBC



Cramer's lightning round: Stocks down so low with a flashing buy signal

CNBC



It's groundhog day for shipping stocks

SeekingAlpha



Premarket Gainers / Losers as of 9:15 am

SeekingAlpha



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2016 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. 2016 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Pangaea Logistics reports Q3 results

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

D- (Sell)



Get the (PANL) Report Here 













 











Trending


This Explains Amazon's Big Second-Quarter Profit Slump


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Reversal of Fortunes: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/27/17)


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth -- ICYMI Thursday


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Pangea Money Transfer — Send $30 Extra!















































Please choose a sending amount between $20 and $999



We give you $30 extra on your first transfer!
Send up to $2,999 for a fixed fee of $4.95.

Get $30 Extra








SEND





                  USD
            





RECEIVE






MXN
GTQ

USD
DOP
COP


MXN

MXN
GTQ


HNL
USD
DOP
COP






1.00 USD =  MXN



Send Money Now





Save up to 75% in fees when you send money home.
Try the Pangea Money Transfer app, where your dollars go further thanks to our locked-in exchange rates and no hidden fees! 

        See How it Works
      












Receiving a money transfer is now stress‑free.
Your recipients can get the money in cash at thousands of pickup locations, or directly into their bank accounts. We’ll also send them a text message with their unique transfer code.
Get Started










We protect your personal information.
With our advanced technology, your money transfers are 100% protected from start to finish, and you never have to expose sensitive information to a clerk.
Learn More












Get $30 extra on your first transfer!
Simply enter promo code BONO to get $30 extra.
Sign Up Free
Have an account already? Login.








Trusted by thousands as the best way to send money.





“It takes me less than a minute to send money from my phone!”
Javier, Atlanta




“Finally, a money transfer service with no hidden fees! It’s the cheapest way to send money home that I’ve found."
Lizbeth, Chicago




“It's so easy to register and send money with the Pangea app.”
Martha, Albuquerque









“It takes me less than a minute to send money from my phone!”
Javier, Atlanta






“Finally, a money transfer service with no hidden fees! It’s the cheapest way to send money home that I’ve found."
Lizbeth, Chicago






“It's so easy to register and send money with the Pangea app.”
Martha, Albuquerque






Send money to Mexico today!
We offer more than 12,000 cash pickup locations, including Elektra, BanCoppel, Telecomm, and more! You can also send money instantly to any debit card or bank account in Mexico.
Send Money Now




Get the Pangea Money Transfer App
Our free mobile app simplifies the way you send money across borders. Just a few taps, and you're done!











Explore

Refer a Friend
How it Works
Fee and Exchange Rates
Pickup Locations
Money Transfer Security
Blog



Connect

About Us & News
Meet the Team
Careers
User Agreements
Help & Contact
Complaints
Site Map





















© Pangea USA, LLC 2016
P.O. Box 3436, Chicago, IL 60654
+1 866-858-9928





Explore

Refer a Friend
How it Works
Fee and Exchange Rates
Pickup Locations
Money Transfer Security
Blog



Connect

About Us & News
Meet the Team
Careers
User Agreements
Help & Contact
Become a Pangea Partner
Complaints
Site Map




Send Money

Colombia
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Honduras
Guatemala
Mexico








Download the app




































© Pangea USA, LLC 2017 | P.O. Box 3436, Chicago, IL 60654 | +1 866-858-9928
















HOME













































































photos © John Guider



© Copyright 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd.  All Rights Reserved



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fully Integrate Your Operations



























Fully Integrate Operations With Ryder Logistics


 
Learn how we can help your business


































 
As a leading provider of integrated logistics, our supply chain solutions take a differentiated approach based on deep industry knowledge to give your business a competitive edge. By combining our warehouse, distribution, and transportation capabilities, you will have end-to-end visibility into your logistics operation while reducing costs.

Companies who have partnered with Ryder for logistics solutions have achieved:







Accurate business intelligence and analytics for end-to-end visibility







Optimized shipments and transit times, lowering cost and inventory touches







Full network efficiency through continuous improvement



 













© Ryder and Ryder Logo are registered trademarks of Ryder System, Inc. Ever better is a trademark of Ryder System, Inc. Copyright © 2015 Ryder System, Inc.   
        		Privacy Policy 
            	  |   
            	Terms of Use














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































