



Parallax Health Sciences | Home










































Parallax Health Sciences | Home








































10-K: PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,797
+85.54
+0.39%






Nasdaq

6,382
-40.56
-0.63%






S&P 500

2,475
-2.41
-0.10%









5:42 P.M. ET


Updated
      All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
                                





 
5:40 P.M. ET


                                  Scaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
                                





 
5:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      Bitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
                                





 
5:32 P.M. ET


                                  Baidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
                                





 
5:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Senators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
                                





 
5:27 P.M. ET


                                  Jonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
                                





 
5:23 P.M. ET


                                  Amazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
                                





 
5:22 P.M. ET


                                  A quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
                                





 
5:09 P.M. ET


                                  NuVasive shares drop after announced COO, CFO departures
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


                                  Boston Beer jumps on stellar second-quarter earnings 
                                





 
5:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq
                                





 
5:00 P.M. ET


                                  Amazon earnings fall 77%, shares drop
                                





 
4:45 P.M. ET


                                  Electronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
                                





 
4:44 P.M. ET


                                  Revolution Investing and the half-trillion-dollar club
                                





 
4:44 P.M. ET


                                  First Solar shares jump 14% on big earnings beat, strong outlook
                                





 
4:38 P.M. ET


Updated
      Treasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
                                





 
4:34 P.M. ET


                                  Why millions are locked out of the American Dream and you may not have to take your antibiotics 
                                





 
4:31 P.M. ET


                                  Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas
                                





 
4:31 P.M. ET


                                  Starbucks adj. earnings above expectations; Teavana stores to close
                                





 
4:30 P.M. ET


                                  Trump Today: President cites ‘big progress’ on gangs as Sessions says he’ll stay in job    
                                





 








































Log In















    New York Markets After Hours
  


Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES, INC.
    








    By

Published: July 27, 2017 6:07 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  Forward-Looking Statements  This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or the Company's future financial performance. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may", "should", "expects", "plans", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", "predicts", "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's or the Company's industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results..  The Company's consolidated audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.  Corporate History  The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 6, 2005. On November 1, 2012, the Company, formerly Endeavor Power Corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiary Endeavor Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Parallax Diagnostics, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Parallax Diagnostics"), whereby Parallax Diagnostics became a wholly owned subsidiary. On January 9, 2014, the Company changed its name to Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. ("Parallax"). (OTC.PRLX).  Parallax Diagnostics was founded in 2010, and holds the right, title, and interest in perpetuity to certain Target System Immunoassay point-of-care diagnostic testing system and related FDA-cleared tests in the area of infectious disease. Its primary focus was to commercialize the proprietary testing system and test in a worldwide domain.  Parallax Diagnostics is currently pre-revenue, and continues to pursue viable opportunities for the commercialization of its product. The Company has sought to identify strategies that would make its proposition more valuable and competitive. To this end, the Company has pursued the creation of patents around its foundational technology, and developed a novel immune status test targeting the HIV/AIDS and TB markets. Since the inception of Parallax Diagnostics, the novel CD4-CD8 immune status test has been developed, and the Company has been issued patents on elements of its core technology and testing system.  In 2013, Parallax identified an opportunity to acquire RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc. ("RoxSan"), a California corporation, and began the due diligence process. The Company's initial interest centered on utilizing the acquisition as a means of accelerating the commercialization of the Parallax Target System and diagnostic platform, as RoxSan had access to a nationwide network of doctors and sales representatives. During the due diligence process, the Company became aware of the numerous opportunities that RoxSan and its markets represented.  On March 21, 2013, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent with Shahla Melamed, RoxSan's sole Shareholder, to acquire RoxSan. Between 2013 and 2015, four (4) amendments were also executed.  As part of the acquisition, the Company was required to obtain licensure from the State of California, and on July 31, 2015, the Company received notice that its pharmacy and sterile compounding licenses were issued by the California State Board of Pharmacy.  On August 13, 2015 (the "Closing Date"), pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors (the "Board"), the Company entered into an Agreement to Purchase and Sell One Hundred Percent of the Issued and Outstanding Shares of RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc. ("RoxSan" or the "Pharmacy"), and its Assets and Inventory (the "Purchase Agreement"). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement between the Company, RoxSan and its sole shareholder, Shahla Melamed (the "Seller" or "Melamed"), in exchange for 100% of RoxSan's common stock, and its assets and inventory, the Company, among other things, issued the Seller a Secured Promissory Note (the "Note") dated August 13, 2015 in the amount of $20.5 million (the "Acquisition"). The Note bears interest at a rate of 6% per annum, and matures in three (3) years, or August 13, 2018 ("Maturity"). Principal and interest payments on the Note will be made to the Seller on a quarterly basis beginning with the three-month period ending November 30, 2015, in an amount equal to 1) 75% during the first two (2) years; and 2) 60% during year three (3); of certain of the Pharmacy's earnings defined within the Purchase Agreement as EBITDA. All remaining principal and/or accrued interest, if any, still owing after three (3) years shall be paid in full to the Seller at Maturity. The Company is seeking a reduction in the Purchase Price and related promissory note (See Legal Proceedings).  Table of Contents  As a result of the Acquisition, effective August 13, 2015, RoxSan became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. No change in control of the Company occurred as a result of the Acquisition.  In connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the "Employment Agreement") with the Seller. Under the Employment Agreement, Melamed agreed to provide exclusive consulting services to the Company in the areas of public relations and marketing for a term of four (4) years. On March 4, 2016, the Company terminated the Employment Agreement in accordance with paragraph 3.2 Termination for Cause (see "Dispute with Former Owner" below). The termination was the result of, among other things, Melamed's breaches in the Agreement, which were substantiated by an investigation conducted by an employment law firm retained by RoxSan. Under the terms of the Agreement, no financial obligation resulted in the termination.  Dispute with Former Owner  Shortly after the Closing, the Company's management and Melamed clashed over control of the RoxSan Pharmacy business operations and bank accounts. Faced with Melamed continuing to materially interfere with the Pharmacy's operations to the detriment of its business, the Company retained the services of an employment law firm to investigate Melamed's actions, and provide a report to the Company's Board (the "Report"). The Company also placed Melamed on a paid leave of absence because of her actions. The Board, after reviewing the findings in the Report, found substantive cause for Melamed's termination, and immediately sent Melamed written notification of the Company's intent to dismiss her for cause. Under the Employment Agreement, Melamed was provided with a thirty (30) day cure period. However, the Company received no response of intent to cure from Melamed or her counsel, and no evidence of a cure was provided to the Company. As a result, the Board authorized Melamed's termination for cause on March 3, 2016, and on March 6, 2016, Melamed was formally terminated in writing.  In the course of management's operation of the RoxSan Pharmacy, and adherence to Financial Accounting Standards Board revenue recognition policies, management became concerned with the absence of the claim processing for over $16 million of pre-Close Workers Compensation prescription revenues, which Melamed represented to the Company prior to Closing as being the vast majority of the high margin compound revenue. In addition to the $16 million in pre-Close claims, the Pharmacy generated over $8 million after the change in ownership, until the CFO alerted management of a serious and dramatic change in the receivables collection timetable, the underpinning cash flow processes, and the potential illegitimacy of the Workers Compensation revenues. Further, the CFO was uncomfortable with recognizing the revenue as it was presented by Melamed's financial records, and, in the absence of any reasonable assurance of collectability of the Workers Compensation revenues, the Company established an allowance for doubtful receivables for the $8 million in post-Close claims for which collectability was highly unlikely.  The Company retained the services of a forensic Workers Compensation fraud specialist to determine the legitimacy of the pre-Close Workers Compensation revenues and related insurance claims. As a result of this forensic review, it was determined that these claims were essentially valueless. As a result of these findings and undisclosed changes to the cash flow and quality of earnings that represented a majority of the revenue of the Pharmacy, the Company's Board deemed it necessary to demand a reduction in the terms of the Sale and Purchase Agreement to more accurately reflect the true valuation of the Company. This was met with resistance on the part of the Seller.  Shortly thereafter, in October 2015, Melamed, initiated two (2) legal actions against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, West District, Shahla Melamed v. Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., action numbers SC 124873 and SC 125705 (the "Matter"). In the Matter, action No. SC124873, Melamed sought rescission of the August 13, 2015 Purchase Agreement. Rescission was sought on the basis that, allegedly, in order to acquire the Pharmacy, the Company and its principals had allegedly defrauded Melamed, there had allegedly been a complete failure of consideration, and a unilateral mistake was allegedly made on the part of Melamed.  On March 17, 2017, the Court ruled in favor of the Company, and issued that Melamed is not entitled to rescission of the Purchase Agreement. The ruling of the Court stated that no fraud on the part of the Company or its principals had been demonstrated. The Court further ruled that there had been no failure of consideration, and that Melamed's entry into the Agreement was not a result of a unilateral mistake on the part of Melamed. The Minutes of the Ruling were entered by the County Clerk on March 17, 2017.  The Company has likewise initiated legal action against Melamed and filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, West District, Parallax Health Sciences, et al. v. Shahla Melamed, et al., case number SC 124898. The Complaint in that action alleges that Melamed has breached several obligations under the Purchase Agreement, and the Company is seeking to reduce the Secured Note due to undisclosed material changes in the business.  Subsequently filed pleadings by the Company and RoxSan in case number SC 124873 allege, among other things, that Melamed misrepresented the true earnings and source of income for the pharmacy business and had engaged in a fraudulent and illegal scheme to ship medications to states where her pharmacy was not licensed prior to the sale of the Pharmacy.  In the Matter, action No. SC125702, Melamed alleges that the Company is in default under the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Secured Note and the Company's termination of Melamed's employment agreement. The Company firmly believes that it had adequate grounds to justify the termination of the employment, that it acted within its rights, and shall prevail in these proceedings.  All three (3) legal matters are currently pending.  Purchase Price Dispute  Included in the Acquisition Agreement, and as part of the negotiated purchase price, were representations and warranties made by the former owner involving certain primary revenue streams and related contracts. Shortly after the closing, however, management discovered that these representations were substantially inaccurate and/or completely false. These inaccuracies, and the improper disclosures and/or omissions made by the former owner during negotiations, would have significantly affected the purchase price and related note payable. As a result, among other things, management has initiated legal action against the former owner to seek a reduction in the purchase price.  In addition, management engaged a third-party to perform a valuation of the Pharmacy, utilizing revised inputs that more accurately reflected the Pharmacy's revenue streams as of the date of Acquisition. The valuation performed resulted in a fair market value of $4.7 to $5.2 million. After careful consideration, and based upon these significant differences, management has determined that the purchase price and related promissory note of $20.5 million does not fairly represent the fair market value at the date of purchase. The Company has, therefore, applied a discount to the note of $15.3 million, to reduce the purchase price and related note to its estimated fair market value of $5.2 million, utilizing the higher value on the range of as a conservative measure.  The valuation performed does not include the effects of any liabilities the former owner omitted or damages caused to the Company as a result of the former owner and her immediate family members connected to the Pharmacy.  Control of Funds Dispute  For a period of time immediately after the closing of the Acquisition, the former owner would not relinquish control of the Pharmacy's bank accounts, and collected the Pharmacy's incoming cash revenues, refusing to transfer the funds to the new ownership. Furthermore, when the Company attempted to change the corporate records and signatories on the existing bank accounts, the former owner disputed the changes, resulting in approximately $180,000 in corporate funds being frozen and held for adjudication. During this period, the Company was forced to request that the former owner pay the Pharmacy's operating expenses. At no time after the Company opened new accounts did the former owner cooperate with the transference or willingly relinquish control of the Pharmacy's operating cash flow or incoming cash revenues. As a result, an extensive reconciliation was performed to determine what amounts were collected and paid by the former owner, and what amounts were due to the Company. The reconciliation resulted in over $412,000 owed to the Company from the former owner. The reconciliation and underlying documentation went under judicial review, and on July 24, 2017, the Company was notified that the results of the review were in favor of the Company in the amount of $412,948. A judgment is pending for the order of $412,948 owed to the Company from the former owner.  US Postal Service Interference  The former owner continued to interfere in the transference of control of the Pharmacy by submitting change of address forms to the US Postal Service, wherein the former owner diverted the Pharmacy mail to her home address. Once this was discovered and rectified with the post office, the former owner filed another change of address to divert mail to a post office box. During these periods of time, the former owner received check payments and negotiated the checks by opening up a bank account utilizing a DBA, "Roxsan Pharmacy." The Company was able to identify some of the checks the former owner negotiated by directly contacting the payer and receiving copies of the cancelled checks, with the former owner's signature endorsement and account number on the check.  Description of Business  The Company's principal focus is on personalized patient care through the use of the Company's pharmacy, RoxSan, and eventually through the Parallax Diagnostics' medical diagnostic testing platform capable of diagnosing and monitoring several health issues. The Company has the following two business segments: Retail Pharmacy Services (RPS) and Corporate.  Retail Pharmacy Services (RPS)  The RPS provides a full range of pharmacy services including retail, compounding and fertility medications.  The RPS generates net revenues primarily by dispensing prescription drugs, both through local channels by direct delivery as well as mail order. The RPS also sells a wide assortment of general merchandise, including over-the-counter drugs, beauty and cosmetics products, seasonal merchandise and convenience foods, through the Company's pharmacy.  The pharmacy is fully licensed and qualified to conduct business in over 40 US States.  Corporate  The Corporate Segment provides management and administrative services to support the Company, and consists of certain aspects of the Company's executive management, corporate relations, legal, compliance, human resources, and corporate information technology and finance departments. In addition, the Corporate Segment supports the costs and operating expenses related to the continued development and exploitation of the Company's proprietary medical diagnostic and monitoring platform and processes, which remains the Company's primary focus.  Table of Contents  Management  Parallax is led by experienced veterans from the healthcare, technology, finance and management fields. The Company's disciplined and organized approach is balanced by its optimism for the future, and the opportunities present in the current healthcare market. The Parallax team is grounded in a belief that success in business is built on a combination of research, planning and execution.  The Parallax Business Model  In 60 years, healthcare has transitioned from a direct relationship between doctor and patient, to one that has patients separated from their doctors by the introduction of a huge number of stakeholders, ranging from health insurers, employers, pharmacy benefit managers, imaging, diagnostic testing, lawyers, specialist and a plethora of others. The patient and healthcare provider both want the same thing: information, quality of service, transparency, value for their hard-earned dollars, and more time in their day.  Parallax believes that its products and services can provide solutions that mitigate rising costs, reduce waste in spending through transparency, reduce the amount of unnecessary services, and increase the health and wellness of patients before they are sick.  Parallax has developed, acquired and licensed multiple platforms, proprietary and exclusive, that provide services and products, across the healthcare continuum. These platforms are designed to allow for multiple points of reciprocal consideration, through innovative business models, that provide patients with increased quality of services and products, at reduced cost of time and money. They also provide healthcare providers with increased access to their patients, the ability to deliver better and more efficient service and increase their income from the services they supply.  Though Parallax's multiple operations are focused in separate vertical markets, Parallax has designed its business model to allow for cross-pollination and reciprocal transfer of value at multiple points in their respective economic food chains.  The Company's business operations generate revenue, currently, from its compounding, retail and fertility business, and through multiple economic models ranging from cash payment to insurance reimbursement to rebates from pharmaceutical companies.  Operational Structure and New Business Units Management developed a system of operations that focused on differentiating unique business markets for RoxSan services and developed additional areas of focus: Currently, RoxSan operates four distinct business units comprised of: � � RoxSan Compound Pharmacy ("Compounding") RoxSan Anti-Aging ("RoxSan Anti-Aging") � �  Shortly after RoxSan's acquisition in August 2015, management determined that there were several areas that required immediate attention.  Pharmacy Compliance  Management created the position of Director of Compliance at RoxSan and put a senior pharmacist as the Director. Management developed a strategic plan covering its Regulatory Compliance goals. The first goal was to create foundational standard operating procedures in the filling, processing, and shipping of prescriptions.  Under this program an audit report (Audit report) was discovered that was previously discarded by the prior ownership as having "no relevance" as to the results of the findings in that audit. This audit was part of a due diligence requirement imposed by the Company upon the prior owner before the acquisition, which was to have a third-party organization verify that the pharmacy was operating within compliance of state regulatory demands. The Audit Report dated prior to the acquisition, which was discovered in abandoned files, indicated that several areas of operation of the pharmacy were in violation of the most fundamental compliance rules, and strict warnings as to the consequences of what would happen to the pharmacy's licenses if these areas were not immediately corrected. No corrections to the most serious violations had been performed by the prior owner, and the Seller did not provide this "material" information while in due diligence prior to the acquisition. All areas recommended in the Report to be corrected, were in fact implemented by the current ownership.  State Pharmacy Licenses  The former owner had developed a well-documented contentious relationship with the California Board of Pharmacy as well as a number of other states in which the previous owner was accused of regulatory violations. There were states that had suspended RoxSan's Licenses under the prior ownership to operate in their state. The new management began an aggressive program in each state, to appeal to the State Pharmacy Boards to reinstate the licenses. It became apparent that many individual members on several state Boards of Pharmacy, including the California Board of Pharmacy, the Nevada Board of Pharmacy and the Arizona Board of Pharmacy, had an extremely negative perception of Ms. Melamed. With the new management entering into the picture, the negative perception became extremely positive toward RoxSan's new ownership, and its new Compliance Program. Thus far, RoxSan has obtained pharmacy licenses in over 40 US states, and is seeking to obtain licensing in the remaining states.  As a result of the efforts of new management, all of these issues were corrected and the pharmacy is currently operating in an entirely new status of having great relations with each of the previously strained relationships with individual state Boards of Pharmacy.  Pharmacy Benefit Management Business  The former owner had created a negative and challenging relationship with Payers and Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM's) as well as the cancellation of some pharmacy network contracts with PBM contracts that control the approvals for reimbursements for several health insurers. The new management established a plan of action and SOP's to follow as well as address the criteria for contract re-approvals with the PBM's.  RoxSan Pharmacy has become qualified and fully accredited member of FocusScript's Compounding Pharmacy Network enabling RoxSan to participate in the Pharmacy Benefit Management Program for one of the largest health insurers in the United States. As of this update approximately 5% of the Compound Pharmacy's in the US have been able to achieve this accreditation.  A market development has occurred that has produced a payer reaction to the exorbitantly high pricing trends for compound pain medications. That development has affected the viability of the compound pain medication management industry due to rejections and many of the ingredients becoming "non-covered". RoxSan has developed a program to restructure the Pharmacy's approach to creating a more "ethically" based pricing structure with extraordinarily high efficacy formularies, and is working with several of the industry's leading PBM's in pursuit of partnership arrangements.  National Accreditation  In addition, under the new management, RoxSan Pharmacy passed the inspection from the Verified Pharmacy Program (VPP) as part of the National Association of the Board of Pharmacy. This was a significant accomplishment, considering that the prior ownership had failed in passing the VPP inspection in the past. Passing the VPP inspection is an exhaustive process requiring high levels of regulatory systems and compliance. This extraordinary accomplishment was achieved in less than one year under the newly restructured operating compliance program under the new ownership, which included strict adherence to documentation retention and categorization.  Human Resources  In addition to the issues outlined above, it was determined that there were also personnel issues that RoxSan's pharmacists, technicians and general operations employees had with the prior ownership. These issues involved compensation, benefits and management style of leadership, which lacked the opportunity for the employees to be empowered to effectively perform their duties. Management also addressed these issues with clarification of job responsibilities, compensation/benefit adjustments including stock option incentives and an overall more inclusive and open communication style of management.  NOTE: The following sections of this annual report and any further reference made to "the Company", "we", "us", "our" and "Parallax " shall mean Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Parallax Diagnostics, Inc. (formerly, Endeavor Sciences, Inc.) and RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., unless otherwise indicated.  Results of Operations  The following summary of the Company's results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, which are included herein. The financial information provided includes the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Parallax Diagnostics, Inc. (formerly Endeavor Sciences, Inc.) and RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., on a consolidated basis. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.   For the year ended December 31, 2015 December 31, 2014 Revenue $ 11,579,720 $ -- Cost of sales $ 9,874,244 $ -- Gross profit (loss) $ 1.705,476 $ -- Sales, marketing, and pharmacy expenses $ 1,061,069 $ -- General and administrative expenses $ 1,906,488 $ 866,646 Operating (loss) $ (1,262,081 ) $ (866,646 ) Loss on disposal of assets $ (10,155 ) $ -- Discount amortization $ (2,233,741 ) $ (194,753 ) Interest expense $ (213,921 ) $ (51,798 ) Net loss $ (3,419,898 ) $ (1,113,197 )  Revenue  Revenue in the amount of $11,579,720 consists primarily of pharmaceutical sales related to the Company's pharmacy operations for the period August 13, 2015 through December 31, 2015. The Company has not yet launched its major business activity, which is medical diagnostics and testing.  Table of Contents  Cost of sales  Costs of sales in the amount of $9,874,244 consists primarily of pharmaceutical drug purchases, direct labor, and indirect pharmacy costs related to the Company's pharmacy operations for the period August 13, 2015 through December 31, 2015. The Company has not yet launched its major business activity, which . . .  Jul 27, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks


Jeff Bezos was the richest person in the world, for half a day


Hillary Clinton’s new book ‘What Happened’ makes for hilarious R-rated internet















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




5:44 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:41pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
5:09pNuVasive shares drop after announced COO, CFO departures
5:07pBoston Beer jumps on stellar second-quarter earnings 
5:06pDow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq
5:00pAmazon earnings fall 77%, shares drop
4:45pElectronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
4:45pRevolution Investing and the half-trillion-dollar club
4:44pFirst Solar shares jump 14% on big earnings beat, strong outlook
4:38pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
4:35pWhy millions are locked out of the American Dream and you may not have to take your antibiotics 
4:32pStarbucks adj. earnings above expectations; Teavana stores to close
4:32pDan Neil Drives VW's Atlas
4:30pTrump Today: President cites ‘big progress’ on gangs as Sessions says he’ll stay in job    
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 5:44 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. focuses on personalized patient healthcare with its pharmacy and infertility business in the United States. It focuses on providing drugs and services for the treatment of infertility, as well as other medications, including pain management, anti-anxiety, anti-aging, and wellness treatments. The company also provides retail medications primarily fertility treatments, and sterile and non-sterile compounded preparations. In addition, it owns a line of proprietary, FDA approved, point of care single platform diagnostic tests that focus on the detection and monitoring of infectious diseases. Further, the company offers QOLPOM Hub, a personal medication dispensing a...
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. focuses on personalized patient healthcare with its pharmacy and infertility business in the United States. It focuses on providing drugs and services for the treatment of infertility, as well as other medications, including pain management, anti-anxiety, anti-aging, and wellness treatments. The company also provides retail medications primarily fertility treatments, and sterile and non-sterile compounded preparations. In addition, it owns a line of proprietary, FDA approved, point of care single platform diagnostic tests that focus on the detection and monitoring of infectious diseases. Further, the company offers QOLPOM Hub, a personal medication dispensing and remote monitoring solution, which ensures seniors and chronic care patients at home and take the correct medications on time, as well as notifies caregivers if they miss a dose. The company was formerly known as Endeavor Power Corporation and changed its name to Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. in January 2014. Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Santa Monica, California.
Detailed Description


1327 Ocean AvenueSuite MSanta Monica, CA 90401United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 310-899-4442

www.parallaxhealthsciences.com







Key Executives for Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.


Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Key Developments

Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. and Roxsan Pharmacy, Inc. Announce Management Changes
Jul 12 17
On July 11, 2017, Parallax Health Sciences Inc. has announced that Mr. Joseph M. Redmond as left the company as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors . The company also announced Mr. Paul Arena as the Company's newly appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and Board member. Effective July 7, 2017, the Board of the Company has caused the departure of Mr. Redmond from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, RoxSan Pharmacy Inc. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2015, Mr. Redmond resigned from the Board of the company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, RoxSan Pharmacy Inc. Effective July 7, 2017, pursuant to a unanimous Board resolution, Mr. Paul Arena was appointed as the company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board caused Mr. Arena's election to the company's Board and the Board of its wholly-owned subsidiary, RoxSan Pharmacy Inc. In connection with Mr. Arena's appointment, the company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Arena dated July 7, 2017, wherein Mr. Arena's will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer for a period of 3 years.


Parallax Health Sciences Inc. - Special Call
May 5 17
To address various financial matters, with an emphasis on the status of the Company's SEC filings, and the actions being taken to remedy the delinquencies of the Company's Annual 10-K filings, and related quarterly interim filings


Parallax Health Sciences Announces Courts Ruling in Favor of the Company
Mar 20 17
On March 17, 2017, in Melamed v. Parallax Health Sciences Inc., action No. SC124873, before the Los Angeles Superior Court, a Ruling was issued in favor of Defendant, Parallax Health Sciences Inc. In the Matter, Plaintiff, Shahla Melamed, sought rescission of the August 13, 2015, Agreement for the Defendant to Acquire 100% of the Issued and Outstanding Shares of RoxSan Pharmacy Inc. and Its Assets and Inventory. Rescission was sought on the basis that, allegedly, in order to acquire RoxSan Pharmacy Inc., the Defendant and its principals had allegedly defrauded Plaintiff, there had allegedly been a complete failure of consideration, and a unilateral mistake was allegedly made on the part of Plaintiff. The Court ruled that no fraud on the part of Defendant or its principals had been demonstrated. The Court further ruled that there had been no failure of consideration, and that Plaintiff's entry into the Agreement was not a result of a unilateral mistake on her part. Therefore, the Court ruled that the Plaintiff is not entitled to rescission of the Purchase Agreement.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      September 14, 2016
			    
QOLPOM, INC.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., please visit www.parallaxhealthsciences.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Appoints Paul Arena As Chief Executive Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Appoints Paul Arena As Chief Executive Officer









PR Newswire




Jul 13, 2017 9:00 AM EDT













 




























































        SANTA MONICA, Calif. , July 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. ("Parallax" or the "Company") (OTC: PRLX), an innovative digital healthcare company that delivers patient-centric solutions, and the owner of RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., is pleased to announce that it has appointed Mr. Paul Arena as Chief Executive Officer and a member of its Board of Directors.  "We are excited that Paul has joined the Company as Chief Executive Officer," stated Bill Withrow, Director of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.  "Paul's extensive operating experience will not only help the Company grow its underlying business units, but should also accelerate the Company's ability to capitalize on the value of its core intellectual property assets.   He has a demonstrated track record of success and is well-respected in the technology and consumer products industries.  Paul's abilities to identify strategic opportunities, enhance shareholder value, and manage intellectual property portfolios are consistent with our corporate objectives.  As a senior executive at a number of publicly-traded technology companies, his management skills and strategic initiatives were instrumental in building hundreds of millions of dollars in shareholder value during the majority of the past 26 years."   "We are gratified that Paul has elected to spend all of his time helping to grow Parallax Health Sciences," added Mr. Withrow.  "His enthusiasm is shared by other members of our Board of Directors and senior management team.  We have established aggressive goals for future growth and profitability and look forward to Paul's contributions towards the achievement of these objectives."  "I believe that Parallax is one of those rare companies that is at the right place at the right time and is uniquely positioned to participate in the digital health revolution," stated Mr. Arena.  "I am confident that Parallax can play a key role as a provider of innovative solutions that can address challenges within America's bloated healthcare system, which is built on antiquated and unsustainable business models.  Focused on patient-centric solutions, remote patient monitoring and telehealth business opportunities, the Company is founded on the belief that systems interoperability and ubiquity are paramount to success in the multi-trillion-dollar healthcare industry.  The value proposition provided by Parallax's innovative and agnostic systems integration platform is poised to succeed in a world where new technology and concepts are changing at accelerating rates."     Mr. Arena further commented, "I am personally driven by companies with management teams that not only have the vision necessary for future success, but which are well-grounded in the realities of their current business environments.  I am confident that Parallax has the management and other corporate resources necessary to succeed as a disciplined, culture-driven provider of products and services in a variety of health-related market sectors."   "Parallax has created a valuable intellectual property (IP) portfolio centered upon remote diagnostics and behavioral health offerings, while developing a powerful platform that can deliver comprehensive end-to-end solutions and applications to the marketplace.  I believe that the value of this IP is not currently reflected in the Company's current stock price.  Unlike many of its competitors, some of which are just beginning to develop and introduce their products and services, Parallax has already developed and is marketing proprietary, superior solutions and applications that address a growing global healthcare sector.  Building upon its competitive advantages in the hyper-growth point-of-care ("POC") marketplace, I am confident that Parallax can develop effective strategies to leverage its intellectual property assets in a number of ways, including strategic partnerships and third-party licensing opportunities."  "I was also attracted to the Company's unique positioning as a provider of novel and innovative technologies through business units that operate at various maturity levels," continued Mr. Arena.  "Parallax's 63-year-old compound pharmacy, RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., generated annual gross revenue of $53 million and $14 million in EBITDA as recently at 2013.   Parallax Health Management, Inc., a systems integration company that was acquired in 2016, is poised to leverage its patent-pending technology via an expanding portfolio of robust and scalable Remote Patient Monitoring (RPM) solutions.  Parallax Diagnostics, Inc. is a point-of-care diagnostic technology company that has been incorporated into an FDA-cleared Quantitative and Qualitative Desk-top Analyzer and 24 FDA-cleared proprietary tests in the cardiac, drug abuse, infectious disease, medical conditions, and other specialty markets.  And finally, Parallax Behavioral Health, Inc. is our outcomes-driven technology business unit."  The Company views the past twelve months as a period of "evolution and consolidation", during which management focused upon the integration of its RoxSan Pharmacy operations; its behavioral heath acquisition QOLPOM, Inc.; its recently acquired provider of health management solutions, ProEventa, Inc.; and its reliable evidenced-based outcomes optimization technology, ("R.E.B.O.O.T.") under a single corporate umbrella.  Looking forward, the Company will also focus on the impressive growth opportunities built into its digital remote diagnostics service revenue models and intellectual property monetization.  This transition, coupled with increased investment in the Company's diagnostics and monitoring platform, has enhanced product functionality, customer service, and sales and marketing initiatives, with progress in each of these areas validated by growth in Parallax's client base.  "We are  negotiating with several companies regarding initiatives that should expand the market for, and revenues from, our products and services," added Arena.  "We believe that certain new product offerings are ahead of the market curve and have the potential to drive powerful new business relationships.  These new products have core and innovative market advantages and, when coupled with our patented and patent-pending intellectual property portfolio, they should attract accretive investment capital from sophisticated investors, while allowing the Company to implement strategic programs designed to achieve positive cash flow within the next twelve months ."  Mr. Arena further commented, "I intend to provide a Report to Shareholders within the next few weeks that reflects the current status of the Company, along with an analysis of the business and strategic opportunities available to Parallax, its shareholders, and potential investors."  During the past 30+ years, Mr. Paul Arena (age 59) has served in executive management positions for a number of private and publicly-traded companies and provided corporate finance, syndication and distribution services within the investment banking industry.  Over the past 15 months, Mr. Arena founded, and currently serves as Managing Director of ArenaLife, LLC, a privately-held company that develops and markets innovative health and beauty products for the consumer marketplace.   Previously, he served as Executive Chairman of AudioEye, Inc. (from January 2014 through February 2015). From June 2010 through September 2012, Mr. Arena was Chief Executive Officer and subsequently Chairman of the Board of Augme Technologies, Inc. From February 2002 to March 2010, he held various executive management positions, including Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Principal Financial Officer, at Geos Communications (formerly i2 Telecom International).  From May 2000 to present, he served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and owner of AIM Group, Inc., an investment holding company.  Before founding i2 Telecom International in 2002, Mr. Arena served in various executive positions, including Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, at Cereus Technology Partners, Inc. ( May 1991 to April 2000).  Cereus, which secured a listing on the NASDAQ National Market, achieved a market capitalization in excess of $350 million prior to Mr. Arena's departure in 2001.  During 1994, Mr. Arena was a financial advisor to, and became a minority equity owner in, Great Lakes Pulp & Fiber, Inc., a $224 million project financing and one of the world's largest paper recycling facilities.  From June 1990 to August 1991, Mr. Arena was a financial consultant, and from February 1988 to January 1990, he served as Senior Vice President and Partner of Gulfstream Financial Associates, Inc., an investment banking and brokerage subsidiary of the Kemper Group.  During the period 1982 through 1988, Mr. Arena held Vice President positions with three New York Stock Exchange member investment firms, including Cralin & Co.; Drexel, Burnham, Lambert, Inc.; and Interstate Securities Corporation.    SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS     Chairman, CEO and shareholder of a publicly-traded technology company focused on mobile marketing and advertising that grew annualized revenues from < $1 million to over than $30 million within nine quarters. Market capitalization increased from < $50 million to > $350 million within two years. Supervised the completion of > $100 million in financing and acquisition transactions, along with the expansion of customer base from 5 to over 700, including 150+ Fortune 500 customers.     Founder, Chairman, CEO and shareholder of publicly-traded technology company with extensive intellectual property.  Sold patent to strategic buyer in 2008 for $6.5 million.    Founder, Chairman, CEO and shareholder of publicly-traded B2B eCommerce and information technology solutions company that attained a market capitalization in excess of $350 million within two years.    Founder, Chairman, CEO and owner of a specialty materials/industrial minerals company serving large customer base in the industrial / chemical industries.    Financial advisor to, and minority equity owner in, one of the world's largest paper recycling facilities, which completed $228 million combined debt/equity financing in January 1995 and commenced start-up operations in July 1996.    Co-founding partner of a start-up investment banking firm that, within two years, was generating annual revenue in excess of $25 million, employed over 150 associates, and had completed combined financing transactions valued at more than $250 million.    Performed various corporate finance, syndication and distribution functions that resulted in the successful completion of over $3 billion of financings during his career.     Mr. Arena assisted in the structuring and financing of transactions involving the conversion of black and white motion picture films into color, mercury detection devices for drilling rigs, ATM debit cards, color video telephones, color FAX transmissions, Internet services, Internet content access for persons with disabilities, enterprise application services, pharmacy roll-up, Internet telephony, various types of manufacturing, and commercial real estate ventures for hotel, shopping center, and multi-family housing projects.   "With extensive research and the development of intellectual property investments having been completed, it is now time for Parallax and its management team to focus on monetization of the Company's assets as a growth-driven digital healthcare company delivering patient-centric solutions," observed Mr. Withrow.  "We believe Parallax is well-positioned to target world-class growth opportunities through the successful execution of its aggressive business plan."  ABOUT PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES, INC.  Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. ( PRLX), headquartered in Santa Monica, CA, is a fully reporting Nevada corporation. The Company is focused on personalized patient healthcare through its established Pharmacy and Infertility businesses, and through Parallax Health Management, Parallax Behavioral Health and Parallax Diagnostics. For additional information, please visit  www.parallaxhealthsciences.com .   ABOUT ROXSAN PHARMACY, INC.  RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., is a 63-year-old California-based Pharmacy that specializes in the compounding and fulfillment of prescriptions and infertility treatments. RoxSan Pharmacy is licensed in 42 States in the US. Please visit  www.roxsan.com   For Additional Information, Please Contact:   Paul Arena, Chief Executive Officer at 404.915.8449    



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like






Friend or Foe?
As with Deutsche Telekom, secondary offerings can turn against you at the last minute, so be on your guard. 



Ben Holmes

Jun 20, 2000 2:51 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know


Apple Isn't the Only Hot Deal That Will Send PayPal Shares Soaring -- Jim Cramer Reveals


Southwest Shares Just Dropped 50,000 Feet, Thanks Mostly to One Number


Verizon Is a Powerhouse -- Jim Cramer Reveals Why


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Appoints Paul Arena as Chief Executive Officer 
         










    










 













 











 



















Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Appoints Paul Arena as Chief Executive Officer
        																																												
              

          Veteran executive with decades of public company experience accepts role of senior executive and looks forward to building value for clients and shareholders
        











 News provided by
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.  
Jul 13, 2017, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































    
SANTA MONICA, Calif., July 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. ("Parallax" or the "Company") (OTC: PRLX), an innovative digital healthcare company that delivers patient-centric solutions, and the owner of RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., is pleased to announce that it has appointed Mr. Paul Arena as Chief Executive Officer and a member of its Board of Directors. 








"We are excited that Paul has joined the Company as Chief Executive Officer," stated Bill Withrow, Director of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.  "Paul's extensive operating experience will not only help the Company grow its underlying business units, but should also accelerate the Company's ability to capitalize on the value of its core intellectual property assets.  He has a demonstrated track record of success and is well-respected in the technology and consumer products industries.  Paul's abilities to identify strategic opportunities, enhance shareholder value, and manage intellectual property portfolios are consistent with our corporate objectives.  As a senior executive at a number of publicly-traded technology companies, his management skills and strategic initiatives were instrumental in building hundreds of millions of dollars in shareholder value during the majority of the past 26 years." 
"We are gratified that Paul has elected to spend all of his time helping to grow Parallax Health Sciences," added Mr. Withrow.  "His enthusiasm is shared by other members of our Board of Directors and senior management team.  We have established aggressive goals for future growth and profitability and look forward to Paul's contributions towards the achievement of these objectives."
"I believe that Parallax is one of those rare companies that is at the right place at the right time and is uniquely positioned to participate in the digital health revolution," stated Mr. Arena.  "I am confident that Parallax can play a key role as a provider of innovative solutions that can address challenges within America's bloated healthcare system, which is built on antiquated and unsustainable business models.  Focused on patient-centric solutions, remote patient monitoring and telehealth business opportunities, the Company is founded on the belief that systems interoperability and ubiquity are paramount to success in the multi-trillion-dollar healthcare industry.  The value proposition provided by Parallax's innovative and agnostic systems integration platform is poised to succeed in a world where new technology and concepts are changing at accelerating rates."   
Mr. Arena further commented, "I am personally driven by companies with management teams that not only have the vision necessary for future success, but which are well-grounded in the realities of their current business environments.  I am confident that Parallax has the management and other corporate resources necessary to succeed as a disciplined, culture-driven provider of products and services in a variety of health-related market sectors." 
"Parallax has created a valuable intellectual property (IP) portfolio centered upon remote diagnostics and behavioral health offerings, while developing a powerful platform that can deliver comprehensive end-to-end solutions and applications to the marketplace.  I believe that the value of this IP is not currently reflected in the Company's current stock price.  Unlike many of its competitors, some of which are just beginning to develop and introduce their products and services, Parallax has already developed and is marketing proprietary, superior solutions and applications that address a growing global healthcare sector.  Building upon its competitive advantages in the hyper-growth point-of-care ("POC") marketplace, I am confident that Parallax can develop effective strategies to leverage its intellectual property assets in a number of ways, including strategic partnerships and third-party licensing opportunities."
"I was also attracted to the Company's unique positioning as a provider of novel and innovative technologies through business units that operate at various maturity levels," continued Mr. Arena.  "Parallax's 63-year-old compound pharmacy, RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., generated annual gross revenue of $53 million and $14 million in EBITDA as recently at 2013.   Parallax Health Management, Inc., a systems integration company that was acquired in 2016, is poised to leverage its patent-pending technology via an expanding portfolio of robust and scalable Remote Patient Monitoring (RPM) solutions.  Parallax Diagnostics, Inc. is a point–of-care diagnostic technology company that has been incorporated into an FDA-cleared Quantitative and Qualitative Desk-top Analyzer and 24 FDA-cleared proprietary tests in the cardiac, drug abuse, infectious disease, medical conditions, and other specialty markets.  And finally, Parallax Behavioral Health, Inc. is our outcomes-driven technology business unit."
The Company views the past twelve months as a period of "evolution and consolidation", during which management focused upon the integration of its RoxSan Pharmacy operations; its behavioral heath acquisition QOLPOM, Inc.; its recently acquired provider of health management solutions, ProEventa, Inc.; and its reliable evidenced-based outcomes optimization technology, ("R.E.B.O.O.T.") under a single corporate umbrella.  Looking forward, the Company will also focus on the impressive growth opportunities built into its digital remote diagnostics service revenue models and intellectual property monetization.  This transition, coupled with increased investment in the Company's diagnostics and monitoring platform, has enhanced product functionality, customer service, and sales and marketing initiatives, with progress in each of these areas validated by growth in Parallax's client base.
"We are negotiating with several companies regarding initiatives that should expand the market for, and revenues from, our products and services," added Arena.  "We believe that certain new product offerings are ahead of the market curve and have the potential to drive powerful new business relationships.  These new products have core and innovative market advantages and, when coupled with our patented and patent-pending intellectual property portfolio, they should attract accretive investment capital from sophisticated investors, while allowing the Company to implement strategic programs designed to achieve positive cash flow within the next twelve months."
Mr. Arena further commented, "I intend to provide a Report to Shareholders within the next few weeks that reflects the current status of the Company, along with an analysis of the business and strategic opportunities available to Parallax, its shareholders, and potential investors."
During the past 30+ years, Mr. Paul Arena (age 59) has served in executive management positions for a number of private and publicly-traded companies and provided corporate finance, syndication and distribution services within the investment banking industry.  Over the past 15 months, Mr. Arena founded, and currently serves as Managing Director of ArenaLife, LLC, a privately-held company that develops and markets innovative health and beauty products for the consumer marketplace.   Previously, he served as Executive Chairman of AudioEye, Inc. (from January 2014 through February 2015). From June 2010 through September 2012, Mr. Arena was Chief Executive Officer and subsequently Chairman of the Board of Augme Technologies, Inc. From February 2002 to March 2010, he held various executive management positions, including Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Principal Financial Officer, at Geos Communications (formerly i2 Telecom International).  From May 2000 to present, he served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and owner of AIM Group, Inc., an investment holding company.  Before founding i2 Telecom International in 2002, Mr. Arena served in various executive positions, including Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, at Cereus Technology Partners, Inc. (May 1991 to April 2000).  Cereus, which secured a listing on the NASDAQ National Market, achieved a market capitalization in excess of $350 million prior to Mr. Arena's departure in 2001.
During 1994, Mr. Arena was a financial advisor to, and became a minority equity owner in, Great Lakes Pulp & Fiber, Inc., a $224 million project financing and one of the world's largest paper recycling facilities.  From June 1990 to August 1991, Mr. Arena was a financial consultant, and from February 1988 to January 1990, he served as Senior Vice President and Partner of Gulfstream Financial Associates, Inc., an investment banking and brokerage subsidiary of the Kemper Group.  During the period 1982 through 1988, Mr. Arena held Vice President positions with three New York Stock Exchange member investment firms, including Cralin & Co.; Drexel, Burnham, Lambert, Inc.; and Interstate Securities Corporation. 
SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS 

Chairman, CEO and shareholder of a publicly-traded technology company focused on mobile marketing and advertising that grew annualized revenues from <$1 million to over than $30 million within nine quarters. Market capitalization increased from <$50 million to >$350 million within two years. Supervised the completion of >$100 million in financing and acquisition transactions, along with the expansion of customer base from 5 to over 700, including 150+ Fortune 500 customers.  
Founder, Chairman, CEO and shareholder of publicly-traded technology company with extensive intellectual property.  Sold patent to strategic buyer in 2008 for $6.5 million.  
Founder, Chairman, CEO and shareholder of publicly-traded B2B eCommerce and information technology solutions company that attained a market capitalization in excess of $350 million within two years.  
Founder, Chairman, CEO and owner of a specialty materials/industrial minerals company serving large customer base in the industrial / chemical industries.  
Financial advisor to, and minority equity owner in, one of the world's largest paper recycling facilities, which completed $228 million combined debt/equity financing in January 1995 and commenced start-up operations in July 1996.  
Co-founding partner of a start-up investment banking firm that, within two years, was generating annual revenue in excess of $25 million, employed over 150 associates, and had completed combined financing transactions valued at more than $250 million.  
Performed various corporate finance, syndication and distribution functions that resulted in the successful completion of over $3 billion of financings during his career. 

Mr. Arena assisted in the structuring and financing of transactions involving the conversion of black and white motion picture films into color, mercury detection devices for drilling rigs, ATM debit cards, color video telephones, color FAX transmissions, Internet services, Internet content access for persons with disabilities, enterprise application services, pharmacy roll-up, Internet telephony, various types of manufacturing, and commercial real estate ventures for hotel, shopping center, and multi-family housing projects. 
"With extensive research and the development of intellectual property investments having been completed, it is now time for Parallax and its management team to focus on monetization of the Company's assets as a growth-driven digital healthcare company delivering patient-centric solutions," observed Mr. Withrow.  "We believe Parallax is well-positioned to target world-class growth opportunities through the successful execution of its aggressive business plan."
ABOUT PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES, INC.
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. (PRLX), headquartered in Santa Monica, CA, is a fully reporting Nevada corporation. The Company is focused on personalized patient healthcare through its established Pharmacy and Infertility businesses, and through Parallax Health Management, Parallax Behavioral Health and Parallax Diagnostics. For additional information, please visit www.parallaxhealthsciences.com.
ABOUT ROXSAN PHARMACY, INC.
RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., is a 63-year-old California-based Pharmacy that specializes in the compounding and fulfillment of prescriptions and infertility treatments. RoxSan Pharmacy is licensed in 42 States in the US. Please visit www.roxsan.com
For Additional Information, Please Contact:
Paul Arena, Chief Executive Officerat404.915.8449
 
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/parallax-health-sciences-inc-appoints-paul-arena-as-chief-executive-officer-300487759.html
SOURCE Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.parallaxhealthsciences.com



 













May 05, 2017, 15:06 ET
Preview: Parallax Health Sciences Announces Conference Call To Discuss The Status Of Its 10-K And 10-Q Filings And Other Financial Matters






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

May 05, 2017, 15:06 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Parallax Health Sciences Announces Conference Call To Discuss The...








 

Mar 22, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Receives Favorable Judgment in...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  OTC, SmallCap
  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals








 You just read:
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Appoints Paul Arena as Chief Executive Officer


 News provided by
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.  
Jul 13, 2017, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Acquires QOLPOM, Inc.HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Acquires QOLPOM, Inc.AccesswireSeptember 22, 2016ReblogShareTweetSharePatent Pending QOLPOM Technology Enables Next Generation Remote Monitoring ServicesSANTA MONICA, CA / ACCESSWIRE / September 22, 2016 / Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. ("Parallax" or the "Company") (PRLX), is pleased to announce that it has acquired QOLPOM, Inc. (QOLPOM), an Arizona based Remote Patient Monitoring and Telehealth Technology and Services company that has developed proprietary and patent pending Remote Patient Monitoring Telehealth technologies and systems along with medication dispensing technology.QOLPOM is currently serving clients in Arizona, California, New York, Oregon and New Jersey. The QOLPOM technologies have been developed to merge behavioral management best practices with remote healthcare management hardware, software and services. QOLPOM, which stands for Quality of Life; Peace of Mind, is an end-to-end provider of Remote Patient Monitoring, Telehealth and Behavioral Modification products and services that are making it easier for individuals to "age in place" avoiding more costly and inconvenient services.Parallax CEO J. Michael Redmond stated, "The QOLPOM business of Remote Patient Monitoring and Telehealth is structurally synergistic and enhances Parallax's overall business thesis." Mr. Redmond further added, "Parallax is excited to enter this growing market with such an innovative company utilizing leading edge technology. Healthcare represents the next frontier for the Internet, and the QOLPOM Remote Patient Monitoring, Telehealth services, and automated interactive drug dispensing solution will provide for better patient care, and address the critical need for increased patient adherence to their medication regimens. Over twenty percent of patients discharged from hospitals are readmitted due to non-compliance with their medications. Through Parallax's Pharmaceutical unit, Roxsan Pharmacy, Inc., our Beverly Hills, CA based Compound and Fertility Specialty Pharmacy, currently licensed in 41 States, Parallax can provide a complete solution for better patient care in the home."The Remote Patient Monitoring and Telehealth total addressable market is estimated to be $32 Billion. Parallax will be a leader with technology that allows for best practices. The QOLPOM system is already being used in several hundred homes with proven success. The synergies Parallax brings through its Pharmacy and Diagnostics will differentiate from all other Remote Patient Monitoring and Telehealth companies."The connectivity between Parallax's assets, operations and technology with our QOLPOM resources makes for a robust and flexible array of services that consumers will be able to tailor to their personal and loved one's needs," said Nathaniel T. Bradley, President of QOLPOM. He added, “Quality of life is enhanced when patient information can be collected and disseminated rapidly and peace of mind is provided to the patient and their loved one when they feel assured that assistance is available in a timely and professional manner. Our Parallax partnership solidifies and improves our service delivery model. This is a very exciting time to be part of the Parallax team."The acquisition is an all-stock transaction with an earn-out component based on gross profit generated by QOLPOM.ABOUT QOLPOMWrapping Technology around Health and Human ServicesQOLPOM's services are predicated on delivering the most state of the art, up to date tele-monitoring programs, devices and applications. The key is to tailor services to meet the unique needs of individual clients and their families, that is, to wade through the confusing maize of services and find or create what works best. We are building software, technology and support infrastructure for the coming home healthcare revolution. We have access to the highest quality products and customizable monitoring operations that deliver quality of life for our users and peace of mind for those who care for and about them. QOLPOM operates out of Tucson, Arizona and its monitoring center is located in Tempe, Arizona. www.qolpom.com for more information.ABOUT PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES, INC.Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., with offices in Santa Monica, CA, is a fully reporting Nevada corporation (PRLX). Parallax is focused on personalized patient healthcare with its Pharmacy and Infertility business through its Beverly Hills, California based RoxSan Pharmacy and RoxSan Fertility Group operations and Parallax Diagnostics. Parallax Diagnostics has rights to a line of point of care diagnostic tests on a single proprietary platform and plans to develop a novel, handheld diagnostic testing system that is simple, rapid and elegant, offering the potential to transform the diagnostic landscape by transitioning critical tests from the centralized lab directly to the hands of the physician, care givers or home use. www.parallaxhealthsciences.com and www.roxsan.com and www.roxsanfertility.com.Read MoreFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, including statements that include words such as "anticipate," "if," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "could," "should," "will," and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include those set forth in the Company's reports filed with the SEC. The Company is under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Media Contact:Yinuo Jiang  Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.  info@parallaxhealthsciences.com  310.899.4442Investor Contact:Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.  investorrelations@parallaxhealthsciences.com  310.899.4442SOURCE: Parallax Health Sciences, Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAmazon profit slumps 77 percent as costs surge, shares fallReutersEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsBusiness InsiderUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderPay No Interest Until May 2018 With This CardNextAdvisorSponsoredMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks give back gains as tech rolls over; Amazon, Intel, and Starbucks earnings loomYahoo FinanceWhy the Internet is Going Crazy Over this MattressCasperSponsoredJP Morgan's top market guru just identified a chilling pattern in the stock marketYahoo FinanceKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 51k









  PRLX:OTC US Stock Quote - Parallax Health Sciences Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Parallax Health Sciences Inc   PRLX:US   OTC US        0.24USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Volume   7,455    Previous Close   0.24    52Wk Range   0.03 - 0.43    1 Yr Return   788.89%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   7,455    Previous Close   0.24    52Wk Range   0.03 - 0.43    1 Yr Return   788.89%    YTD Return   69.61%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.03    Market Cap (m USD)   26.768    Shares Outstanding  (m)   111.533    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.73    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.68%     Industry Health Care Equipment & Services   % Price Change -1.07%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/13/2017   Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Appoints Paul Arena as Chief Executive Officer     5/5/2017   Parallax Health Sciences Announces Conference Call To Discuss The Status Of Its 10-K And 10-Q Filings And Other Financial     3/22/2017   Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Receives Favorable Judgment in Legal Case with Previous owner of RoxSan Pharmacy     2/17/2017   Parallax Health Management Announces Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Exclusive Partnership with TeliVita®     2/9/2017   Parallax's Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Bob Arnot, to Demonstrate Next Generation TeleHealth Technology at 2017 HIMSS Annual     2/6/2017   Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. Subsidiary QOLPOM, Inc. has been Renamed as Parallax Health Management, Inc.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Parallax Health Sciences, Inc. produces medical diagnostics equipment. The Company offers diagnostic testing technology in the areas of infertility application, pain management, infectious diseases, and pregnancy. Parrallax Health Sciences serves medical and health care industries in the State of California.    Address  1327 Ocean AvenueSuite BSanta Monica, CA 90401United States   Phone  1-310-899-4442   Website   www.parallaxhealthsciences.com     Executives Board Members    Paul R Arena  President/CEO    Calli R Bucci  CFO/Secretary    Nathaniel T Bradley  Chief Technology Officer    Bob Arnot  Chief Medical Officer     Show More         







































Parallax Health Management Announces Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Exclusive Partnership with TeliVita® - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Parallax Health Management Announces Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Exclusive Partnership with TeliVita®

Drive Medical and Domtar Attends Product Lines to be Cross Marketed and Sold along with PHM Remote Patient Monitoring Systems




Feb 17, 2017, 5:00am EST














SANTA MONICA, Calif., Feb. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Parallax Health Management, Inc. ("PHM"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Parallax Health Sciences "Parallax" (OTCQB:PRLX), has entered into a distribution and sales agreement with TeliVita®, a leading Durable Medical Equipment (DME) supplier and technology provider to cross market and sell TeliVita® and PHM products and services.  Through the agreement, PHM will receive 14% of TeliVita®'s gross aggregate sales on DME and incontinence products. We believe that TeliVita® provides PHM with the highest quality products and through its purchasing power, will provide PHM significant pricing and margin advantages.  Further, it is anticipated that TeliVita®'s cross marketing will enhance the ability for selling PHM's remote patient monitoring technology and services.
"TeliVita® understands our business and how our remote patient monitoring systems generate the highest quality communication channels directly to patients in their homes," said PHM President, Nathan Bradley. "PHM has a powerful partner in TeliVita® in that we can meet more of our end-users' needs and our partnership has already yielded significant wins and forward momentum for both companies."
PHM brings the key components of systems integration to the telehealth market together by utilizing best in class hardware and software components combined with its own proprietary technologies. PHM systems are hosted on the Microsoft Azure Cloud offering the best in security and scalability and have been integrated with TeliVita®'s Compliance 1st Technology. The technology enables manufacturers and healthcare organizations to control, manage, track, sell and invoice consigned DME products directly to patients at hospitals and other healthcare facilities. TeliVita®'s offering now includes PHM's remote patient monitoring offering known as the QOLPOM® Hub.
"Our partnership with TeliVita® opens up a follow-on sales model to our remote patient monitoring business through the use of the Domtar and Drive Product lines. We anticipate that this partnership will dramatically enhance what we can do for patients in their home," said Michael Redmond, CEO of Parallax Health Sciences. "In the next phase of our build out of Parallax Health Management, we intend to connect our Pharmacy through TeliVita® which represents a natural progression of our complete in-home healthcare products and services."
"We are thrilled to have partnered with Parallax. The combined offerings further exhibit the collective desires to revolutionize the Home Healthcare space. The integration of services verifies our commitment to reduce Home Healthcare costs and provide improved patient outcomes," stated Joe McGovern, CEO TeliVita®
ABOUT PARALLAX HEALTH MANAGEMENT
Parallax Health Management's (PHM) services are predicated on delivering the most state of the art, up to date tele-monitoring programs, devices and systems integration services. The key is to customize services to meet the unique needs of individual clients and their families.  PHM is building software, technology and support infrastructure for the coming home healthcare revolution, and has access to the highest quality products and customizable monitoring operations that deliver quality of life for its users and peace of mind for those who care for and about them. PHM operates out of Tucson, Arizona and its monitoring center is located in Tempe, Arizona. Please visit www.parallaxhealth.net . 
ABOUT PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES, INC.
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., with offices in Santa Monica, CA, is a fully reporting Nevada corporation (PRLX ). Parallax is focused on personalized patient healthcare with its Pharmacy and Infertility business through its Beverly Hills, CA based RoxSan Pharmacy and RoxSan Fertility Group operations, and through Parallax Diagnostics, which has rights to a line of point of care diagnostic tests on a single proprietary platform. Please visit www.parallaxhealthsciences.com, www.roxsan.com and www.roxsanfertility.com
ABOUT TELIVITA®
Telivita® will be your "BRIDGE TO HOME".  We incorporate smart technologies including our Compliance 1st Consignment Closet and Remote Patient Monitoring combined with traditional DME products and supplies.  We will be there for your patients to purchase very competitively priced, non-reimbursed DME products and receive the critical delivery service, including how to properly set up the right equipment and learn how to use it in their home setting. Please visit www.telivita.com.
ABOUT DOMTAR
Domtar is a leading provider of a wide variety of fiber-based products including communication, specialty and packaging papers, market pulp and absorbent hygiene products. With approximately 10,000 employees serving more than 50 countries around the world, Domtar is driven by a commitment to turn sustainable wood fiber into useful products that people rely on every day. Domtar's annual sales are approximately $5.3 billion and its common stock is traded on the New York and Toronto Stock Exchanges. Domtar's principal executive office is in Fort Mill, South Carolina. Please visit www.domtar.com.
ABOUT DRIVE MEDICAL
Drive Medical is one of the largest fastest growing global manufacturers of durable medical equipment carrying a complete line of DME including mobility products, beds, bariatric products, wheelchairs, sleep surfaces, and pressure prevention products, respiratory equipment, CPAP products, self-assist products, power wheel chairs and rehabilitation products.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
ALL STATEMENTS, TRENDS ANALYSIS, AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE INCLUDING WORDS SUCH AS "ANTICIPATE," "BELIEVE," "PLAN," ESTIMATE," "EXPECT," AND "INTEND" AND OTHER SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS OF OPINION, CONSTITUTE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.  THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC RISKS, AND PHM'S ACTUAL RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/parallax-health-management-announces-durable-medical-equipment-dme-exclusive-partnership-with-telivita-300409412.html
SOURCE  Parallax Health Management, Inc.




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


