




















 



 Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro Strategy 
         










    










 













 











 



















Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro Strategy
        																																
              











 News provided by
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC  
Dec 05, 2016, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































SEATTLE and NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC (Parametric) and Research Affiliates, LLC (Research Affiliates) announced today a partnership to provide a Systematic Global Macro strategy to institutional separate accounts.








"Our clients desire liquid alternative solutions that provide attractive, diversifying returns in a cost-effective manner. Parametric is leveraging its partnership experience with Research Affiliates to launch what is expected to be an empirically robust and theoretically sound strategy aiming to deliver these attributes," said Brian Langstraat, Chief Executive Officer, Parametric.
"As a natural evolution of our research in asset allocation and smart beta, we developed a long/short strategy harvesting alternative return premia of carry, momentum and value across asset classes and geographies," said Chris Brightman, Chief Investment Officer, Research Affiliates. "Our rules-based, transparent and diversified approach is intended to deliver uncorrelated returns to stocks and bonds." 
"Many institutional investors have expressed to me their increasing dissatisfaction with hedge funds. Today, I am thrilled to say that we have partnered with Parametric to introduce a new approach to global macro investing that we are confident will disrupt an industry long characterized by poor outcomes and extraordinarily high fees," explained Rob Arnott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Research Affiliates.
About ParametricParametric focuses on the delivery of engineered portfolio solutions, including rules-based alpha-seeking equity, alternative and options strategies, as well as implementation services including custom core equity, futures overlay and centralized portfolio management. As of October 31, 2016, Parametric managed $174.1 billion in assets on behalf of institutions, high-net-worth individuals and fund investors in the U.S. and internationally. Parametric operates from investment centers in Seattle, WA, Minneapolis, MN and Westport, CT.
About Research AffiliatesResearch Affiliates is a global leader in smart beta and asset allocation. Founded in 2002 and based in Newport Beach, California, Research Affiliates is dedicated to creating value for investors. We seek to have a profound impact on the global investment community through our insights and products. Our investment strategies are built on a strong research base and are led by Rob Arnott and Chris Brightman. We deliver solutions in partnership with some of the world's leading financial institutions, through their offerings of mutual funds, ETFs, separately managed accounts and/or commingled accounts. As of September 30, 2016 about $165 billion in assets were managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates. Web: www.researchaffiliates.com
The Research Affiliates® trademark and corporate name and all related logos are the exclusive intellectual property of Research Affiliates and in some cases are registered trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. Neither Research Affiliates nor its related entities provide investment advice outside of the United States, Ireland and Canada, nor do they offer or sell any securities, commodities or derivative instruments or products. Any such business may only be conducted through registered or licensed entities and individuals permitted to do so within the respective jurisdiction and only in conjunction with the legally required disclosure documents and subject to all legally required regulatory filings and/or exemptions.
This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any security or a recommendation to adopt any investment strategy. The views and strategies described may not be suitable for all investors. Investing entails risks and there can be no assurance that a strategy will achieve profits or avoid incurring losses. Parametric does not provide legal, tax and/or accounting advice or services. Investors should consult with their own tax or legal advisor prior to entering into any transaction or strategy described herein. For more information regarding Parametric and its investment strategies, or to request a copy of Parametric's Form ADV, please contact us at 206.694.5575 or visit our website, www.parametricportfolio.com. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/parametric-and-research-affiliates-announce-partnership-to-provide-systematic-global-macro-strategy-300372520.html
SOURCE Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
 Related Links

http://www.parametricportfolio.com



 













May 23, 2016, 09:00 ET
Preview: Parametric Appoints Marc Fiore to Newly Created Global Head of Marketing Position






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro Strategy


 News provided by
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC  
Dec 05, 2016, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro StrategyHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 7 hrs 45 minsS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro StrategyPR NewswireDecember 5, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareSEATTLE and NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC (Parametric) and Research Affiliates, LLC (Research Affiliates) announced today a partnership to provide a Systematic Global Macro strategy to institutional separate accounts."Our clients desire liquid alternative solutions that provide attractive, diversifying returns in a cost-effective manner. Parametric is leveraging its partnership experience with Research Affiliates to launch what is expected to be an empirically robust and theoretically sound strategy aiming to deliver these attributes," said Brian Langstraat, Chief Executive Officer, Parametric."As a natural evolution of our research in asset allocation and smart beta, we developed a long/short strategy harvesting alternative return premia of carry, momentum and value across asset classes and geographies," said Chris Brightman, Chief Investment Officer, Research Affiliates. "Our rules-based, transparent and diversified approach is intended to deliver uncorrelated returns to stocks and bonds.""Many institutional investors have expressed to me their increasing dissatisfaction with hedge funds. Today, I am thrilled to say that we have partnered with Parametric to introduce a new approach to global macro investing that we are confident will disrupt an industry long characterized by poor outcomes and extraordinarily high fees," explained Rob Arnott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Research Affiliates.About ParametricParametric focuses on the delivery of engineered portfolio solutions, including rules-based alpha-seeking equity, alternative and options strategies, as well as implementation services including custom core equity, futures overlay and centralized portfolio management. As of October 31, 2016, Parametric managed $174.1 billion in assets on behalf of institutions, high-net-worth individuals and fund investors in the U.S. and internationally. Parametric operates from investment centers in Seattle, WA, Minneapolis, MN and Westport, CT.About Research AffiliatesResearch Affiliates is a global leader in smart beta and asset allocation. Founded in 2002 and based in Newport Beach, California, Research Affiliates is dedicated to creating value for investors. We seek to have a profound impact on the global investment community through our insights and products. Our investment strategies are built on a strong research base and are led by Rob Arnott and Chris Brightman. We deliver solutions in partnership with some of the world's leading financial institutions, through their offerings of mutual funds, ETFs, separately managed accounts and/or commingled accounts. As of September 30, 2016 about $165 billion in assets were managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates. Web: www.researchaffiliates.comThe Research Affiliates® trademark and corporate name and all related logos are the exclusive intellectual property of Research Affiliates and in some cases are registered trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. Neither Research Affiliates nor its related entities provide investment advice outside of the United States, Ireland and Canada, nor do they offer or sell any securities, commodities or derivative instruments or products. Any such business may only be conducted through registered or licensed entities and individuals permitted to do so within the respective jurisdiction and only in conjunction with the legally required disclosure documents and subject to all legally required regulatory filings and/or exemptions.This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any security or a recommendation to adopt any investment strategy. The views and strategies described may not be suitable for all investors. Investing entails risks and there can be no assurance that a strategy will achieve profits or avoid incurring losses. Parametric does not provide legal, tax and/or accounting advice or services. Investors should consult with their own tax or legal advisor prior to entering into any transaction or strategy described herein. For more information regarding Parametric and its investment strategies, or to request a copy of Parametric's Form ADV, please contact us at 206.694.5575 or visit our website, www.parametricportfolio.com.Read More To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/parametric-and-research-affiliates-announce-partnership-to-provide-systematic-global-macro-strategy-300372520.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaOil demand could peak in about 10 years, says Shell CEO, sooner than others forecastCNBCWeWork raised $500 million to expand in ChinaBusiness Insider UKZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredUber's Kalanick hires former U.S. prosecutor ahead of Waymo depositionReutersSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceShop July Specials at Macy's - Extra 25-60% OffMacys.comSponsoredHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated Press‘What Happened’: Hillary’s new book isn’t out yet, but Twitter is already making fun of the titlee-nuf-z-nuf: What happened? I will tell you what happened she was a terrible candidate a liar a hater of America a Socialist Progressive who wanted to destroy America from within and our great Constitution. America truly dodged a bullet when she didn't get elected to the Presidency of the United States.She was responsible for the deaths of 4 brave Americans in Libya she did nothing but set by and watch them be brutally murdered. She leaked classified information to our enemies she knowingly used a private server doing all she could to destroy America from within.Her along with her husband Bill Clinton are pure evil I can go on but I thank you understand and get my point.Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k
















 
















Parametric and Research Affiliates offer systematic global macro strategy | Institutional Asset Manager










































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 
 


Login
Register
 
 










Sign up for free newsletter 





Market Trends




 





news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs




 





HomeNewsFundsLaunches & Fundraising

  


Tweet  

Tweet  




 


Parametric and Research Affiliates offer systematic global macro strategy

Tue, 06/12/2016 - 09:02 
Tags
						: 
Launches & Fundraising











Parametric Portfolio Associates and Research Affiliates have partnered to provide a systematic global macro strategy to institutional separate accounts.
"Our clients desire liquid alternative solutions that provide attractive, diversifying returns in a cost-effective manner. Parametric is leveraging its partnership experience with Research Affiliates to launch what is expected to be an empirically robust and theoretically sound strategy aiming to deliver these attributes," says Brian Langstraat (pictured), chief executive officer, Parametric.
 
"As a natural evolution of our research in asset allocation and smart beta, we developed a long/short strategy harvesting alternative return premia of carry, momentum and value across asset classes and geographies," says Chris Brightman, chief investment officer, Research Affiliates. "Our rules-based, transparent and diversified approach is intended to deliver uncorrelated returns to stocks and bonds."
 
"Many institutional investors have expressed to me their increasing dissatisfaction with hedge funds. Today, I am thrilled to say that we have partnered with Parametric to introduce a new approach to global macro investing that we are confident will disrupt an industry long characterised by poor outcomes and extraordinarily high fees," says Rob Arnott, chairman and chief executive officer, Research Affiliates.







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 


 







Furtherreading
	

from Institutional Asset Manager  
Livingbridge launches UK Multi Cap Income Fund
Thu 27/07/2017 - 15:29


Vanguard to expand balanced fund family with two new global portfolios
Thu 27/07/2017 - 09:00


GuideStone Funds launches Strategic Alternatives Fund
Fri 21/07/2017 - 08:25


Gabelli Merger Plus+ Trust now trading on LSE
Wed 19/07/2017 - 18:14


MegaTrust Investments launches Yangtze Fund IV 
Wed 19/07/2017 - 10:01



from our other sites 

Euronext launches two Morningstar European indices
Thu 27/07/2017 - 16:37


ProShares launches first US equity ETF specifically designed to outperform in a rising rate environment
Thu 27/07/2017 - 15:02


New diversified commodity ETF from BlackRock
Thu 27/07/2017 - 13:57


Turnkey ETF data and software solution from new partnership
Wed 26/07/2017 - 14:47


Private Advisors seventh small company PE fund hits hard cap
Wed 26/07/2017 - 10:20



 
 







 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 
 
Guide to Relocation 2017
Mon, 2017-02-20 14:43

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
SEI: Blockchain & building ecosystems in financial services  
Fri, 2017-07-14 10:06

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Investment opportunities in infrastructure debt
Thu, 2017-05-18 12:11

 
 
Cayman Alternative Investment Summit 2017
Wed, 2017-05-03 12:57

 
 
Bermuda Fund Services 2017
Fri, 2017-03-24 10:55

 
 
Switzerland Hedge Funds 2017
Mon, 2017-03-27 13:53

 
 
Ireland Alternative Investment Fund Services
Mon, 2017-02-06 10:29

 

Awards 
 
Hedgeweek Global Awards 2017
Thu, 2017-04-06 14:14


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: Credit | Fixed Income Alternative Investing 
 Monday, October 16, 2017 - 12:30  

 The African Real Estate and Infrastructure Summit 
 Wednesday, October 25, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs

Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved










































Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro Strategy - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Parametric and Research Affiliates Announce Partnership To Provide Systematic Global Macro Strategy






Dec 5, 2016, 9:00am EST














SEATTLE and NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC (Parametric) and Research Affiliates, LLC (Research Affiliates) announced today a partnership to provide a Systematic Global Macro strategy to institutional separate accounts.
"Our clients desire liquid alternative solutions that provide attractive, diversifying returns in a cost-effective manner. Parametric is leveraging its partnership experience with Research Affiliates to launch what is expected to be an empirically robust and theoretically sound strategy aiming to deliver these attributes," said Brian Langstraat, Chief Executive Officer, Parametric.
"As a natural evolution of our research in asset allocation and smart beta, we developed a long/short strategy harvesting alternative return premia of carry, momentum and value across asset classes and geographies," said Chris Brightman, Chief Investment Officer, Research Affiliates. "Our rules-based, transparent and diversified approach is intended to deliver uncorrelated returns to stocks and bonds." 
"Many institutional investors have expressed to me their increasing dissatisfaction with hedge funds. Today, I am thrilled to say that we have partnered with Parametric to introduce a new approach to global macro investing that we are confident will disrupt an industry long characterized by poor outcomes and extraordinarily high fees," explained Rob Arnott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Research Affiliates.
About ParametricParametric focuses on the delivery of engineered portfolio solutions, including rules-based alpha-seeking equity, alternative and options strategies, as well as implementation services including custom core equity, futures overlay and centralized portfolio management. As of October 31, 2016, Parametric managed $174.1 billion in assets on behalf of institutions, high-net-worth individuals and fund investors in the U.S. and internationally. Parametric operates from investment centers in Seattle, WA, Minneapolis, MN and Westport, CT.
About Research AffiliatesResearch Affiliates is a global leader in smart beta and asset allocation. Founded in 2002 and based in Newport Beach, California, Research Affiliates is dedicated to creating value for investors. We seek to have a profound impact on the global investment community through our insights and products. Our investment strategies are built on a strong research base and are led by Rob Arnott and Chris Brightman. We deliver solutions in partnership with some of the world's leading financial institutions, through their offerings of mutual funds, ETFs, separately managed accounts and/or commingled accounts. As of September 30, 2016 about $165 billion in assets were managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates. Web: www.researchaffiliates.com
The Research Affiliates® trademark and corporate name and all related logos are the exclusive intellectual property of Research Affiliates and in some cases are registered trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. Neither Research Affiliates nor its related entities provide investment advice outside of the United States, Ireland and Canada, nor do they offer or sell any securities, commodities or derivative instruments or products. Any such business may only be conducted through registered or licensed entities and individuals permitted to do so within the respective jurisdiction and only in conjunction with the legally required disclosure documents and subject to all legally required regulatory filings and/or exemptions.
This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any security or a recommendation to adopt any investment strategy. The views and strategies described may not be suitable for all investors. Investing entails risks and there can be no assurance that a strategy will achieve profits or avoid incurring losses. Parametric does not provide legal, tax and/or accounting advice or services. Investors should consult with their own tax or legal advisor prior to entering into any transaction or strategy described herein. For more information regarding Parametric and its investment strategies, or to request a copy of Parametric's Form ADV, please contact us at 206.694.5575 or visit our website, www.parametricportfolio.com. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/parametric-and-research-affiliates-announce-partnership-to-provide-systematic-global-macro-strategy-300372520.html
SOURCE  Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  





Systematic Global Macro
















































							Insights
							
								





Publications


Journal Papers


Explore Smart Beta


Videos & Webinars


Advisory Panel


Demographics







							Interactive Tools
							
								





Smart Beta 


Asset Allocation







							Strategies
							
								





RAFI


RAE


All Asset


Global Macro


Performance







							How to Invest
							
								
							
						





							About Us
							
								





Overview


Our Team


Press


Contact Us


Careers







My Profile



Search






My Profile



Search










Page Not Found
The requested page you are looking for has either moved or is no longer available. We’ve directed you back to our homepage so you can continue to browse the site.

CONTINUE BROWSING

















 Articles 
Systematic Global Macro
 By
			
			
			Chris Brightman
Shane Shepherd


DECEMBER 2016
Read Time: 20 min



Download












Key Points

Ample high-quality research has identified three key factors operating in the global macro context—carry, momentum, and value—that can be employed in systematic global investment strategies as a diversifying alternative source of investment returns. 
A portfolio of 12 individual strategies using stocks, bonds, currencies, and commodities delivers a package of carry, momentum, and value that generates strong absolute returns at moderate levels of risk and leverage. 
Global macro offers the average investor an opportunity—once enjoyed by only the most sophisticated hedge funds—to benefit from alternative sources of return.


A quarter-century before Brexit came “Black Wednesday.” On Wednesday evening, September 16, 1992, the British government announced its exit from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism, prompting a dramatic devaluation of the British pound. Renowned hedge fund manager George Soros’ legendary bet against the pound in 1992 and his $1 billion profit on Black Wednesday defines for many the swashbuckling style of a global macro trader. Global macro has since become a well-established discipline, and for good reason. Handsome returns can be generated from strategies that profit from the predictable relationships between macroeconomics, politics, and monetary policy.
While forecasting market reactions to idiosyncratic macro events may seem a black art or a fool’s errand, our study of capital markets reveals recognizable patterns and the possibility of consistently profitable trading strategies. Ample high-quality research has identified three key factors operating within the global macro context: carry, momentum, and value. Today we may choose from a growing category of strategies that employ these factors to deliver alternative return premiums. These systematic global investment strategies may provide an attractive and diversifying alternative source of investment returns to the low yields and low returns offered by mainstream stocks and bonds. 
From Asset Classes to Factors
The investment industry has evolved since the early 1990s, when Soros infamously battled central bankers. Global macro managers still rely on economic and political events to generate the conditions that present attractive trades across the capital markets—equities, fixed income, currencies, and commodities—but in today’s world, the strategies we use to spot attractive investment opportunities have become more systematic. The rise of machines has improved our ability to process information and identify from large datasets the patterns that can turn opportunity into profit.
Systematic strategies employ quantitative models to determine trading decisions. Models are specified upfront and (ideally) change infrequently. Indeed, if managers frequently manipulate their model parameters to generate the trades indicated by their gut, then the process remains qualitative. Beyond relying on objective evidence, systematic approaches isolate trades from the psychological biases, internal politics, and other personal and organizational stresses that too often interfere with executing sound investment strategy.
As a result, an increasing number of funds have migrated from discretionary human pattern recognition to systematic models. These quantitative strategies using modern financial technology may allow investors access to profit from global macro opportunities with much greater transparency and lower cost than the typical global macro hedge fund. At the core of systematic macro strategies lie few, if any, secret ingredients: the strategies invest across markets by relying on signals that measure well-documented return factors.1  
Factors exploit patterns in capital markets to generate return premiums from long–short positions, which provide an alternative to the traditional returns offered by long-only positions in stock and bond markets. An exhaustive examination of these patterns and their resulting trading strategies is beyond the scope of this article. We will discuss, however, the most robust and well-understood factors that may produce alternative return premiums: carry, momentum, and value. These factors behave uniformly across assets and can be harvested in a consistent fashion using liquid exchange-traded instruments. 
Readers interested in scholarly articles explaining the theory and evidence in support of the carry, momentum, and value factors can find what they seek on Social Science Research Network or Google Scholar.2 We explain here in layman’s terms why each provides consistent profits, and then review our results, verifying and extending earlier research on systematic global macro investing.
The Carry Trade
Carry is the staple of many global macro strategies. The carry trade refers to a long position in a relatively higher-yielding security financed by a short position in a lower-yielding security. The spread between the yields is the carry on the position. Like all profitable investment strategies, carry is not risk free. The returns from the carry trade are, however, too large and consistent relative to traditional stock and bond market return premiums to be fully explained by their risk. Supply and demand imbalances created by structural rigidities likely explain the excess returns of carry trades.
Mrs. Watanabe, the proverbial Japanese housewife, is the world’s most famous carry trader. For decades, she has been astutely exploiting official policy in Japan to boost the returns on her savings as she sells yen to buy higher-yielding securities denominated in foreign currencies. Why is this persistently profitable carry trade available to Mrs. Watanabe?
Mrs. Watanabe understands that interest and exchange rates are not set by a free market for capital assets. The Japanese Ministry of Finance, in cahoots with the Bank of Japan, has for many decades regulated local financial markets to depress the cost of capital to benefit Japan’s exporters by restricting local investment choices for Japanese savers. This intentionally depressed cost of capital has resulted in persistently low and even negative interest rates for local Japanese savers. The policy to manipulate prices to pursue policy goals creates the opportunity for Mrs. Watanabe to sell persistently low-yielding yen to purchase securities denominated in other higher-yielding currencies.3
Trend Following
“Trend following” is the common term for investing using price momentum. Going long securities whose prices have been rising over recent months and going short securities whose prices have been falling has provided consistent profits. This strategy is so popular that an entire investment style called “managed futures” is dedicated to nothing more than straightforward trend following. 
The persistent profits from long–short trend following may create a conundrum for believers in efficient markets, but few actual participants in financial markets can fail to notice the reality of price trends. New information immediately moves the price of a security or group of related securities. While the direction of the move may be obvious, the correct magnitude of price change consistent with the news is much less certain. Press attention to both the news and the following price reactions in the market creates feedback that reinforces the initial price moves, thereby creating trends.
Trends may begin with moving the prices of securities toward a changed perception of value resulting from fundamental news, but often persist far beyond any reasonable estimate of fair value. Investors often seem to jump on a trend without much regard for the connection of prices to fundamentals. History is replete with such self-reinforcing trends divorced from valuations: the tulip craze in 1630s Holland, the South Sea Bubble of 1720, railway manias of the mid-1800s, the roaring bull market of the 1920s, Nifty Fifty stocks in the 1960s, Japan’s asset price bubble of the 1980s, and the late 1990s tech bubble, to name just a few. Momentum has proven to be robust across the financial markets, including currencies, commodities, equities, and fixed income. 
Value Investing
The trouble with trend following is getting off the train before it changes direction, often after a violent crash. The mirror image of trend following is value investing. The basic tenets of value investing have been known at least since Graham and Dodd wrote Security Analysis in the 1930s. To understand why value investing does not prevent trends from proceeding beyond fair value, but remains a persistently profitable discipline, we need only consider the profound discomfort required to hold the contrarian positions revealed by valuation information.
The recent tale of Michael Burry, the eccentric physician and value investor portrayed by Christian Bale in the movie based on Michael Lewis’ book The Big Short, provides a particularly poignant example. Spotting the housing bubble and mispricing of mortgage-backed securities was not sufficient to correct prices in the US housing market. Michael Burry had to negotiate for the creation of credit default swaps on subprime mortgages, battle disgruntled fund investors demanding the liquidation of his positions and the return of their capital, and generally display conviction and strength of character few of us could match—all while waiting to see if his solvency could outlast the markets’ irrationality. Uncomfortable indeed.
The Evidence
To explore the potential for systematic global macro investing, we empirically investigate the performance of carry, momentum, and value factors across equity, bond, currency, and commodity markets. We have examined many different definitions for the three factors in these markets. Our discussion of empirical results centers on the following factor definitions:






























We choose these definitions for their robustness and implementation characteristics, rather than following the tempting practice of cherry-picking the best-performing factors over our sample period from January 1989 to June 2016.4
We begin our analysis in 1989, the earliest date for which all required data are available across all asset classes. Our strategies invest in futures and forward contracts associated with eight developed-market 10-year government bonds, 10 developed-market currencies, 12 developed-market equity indices, and 24 commodities. 
The carry and value portfolios use cross-sectional strategies. These portfolios take equally weighted long positions in the top third of derivatives contracts ranked by our signals and equally weighted short positions in the bottom third of contracts. This cross-sectional process hedges out the market exposure. The momentum portfolios use a time-series formation in which each contract is compared with its own history. The strategy goes long contracts with positive momentum and shorts contracts with negative momentum. The time-series process can lead to net long or net short positions at any point in time, although those exposures mostly average out over time. 
At 100% gross exposure to each strategy, we compute the excess returns, volatilities, and Sharpe ratios of the three factors:






























The historical return opportunities have been quite compelling, with Sharpe ratios as high as 0.70 and an average Sharpe ratio of 0.43. For comparison, the S&P 500 Index achieved a 0.41 Sharpe ratio over the same period. The returns themselves (an average of 2.7%) suggest the need for higher degrees of portfolio leverage to reach satisfactory returns, and the volatilities (an average of 6.4%) allow room for judicious use of leverage. 
Of course, evaluating these strategies on a stand-alone basis ignores the powerful benefits of diversification. Carry, momentum, and value have naturally low or negative correlation to one another. We believe carry strategies provide a return primarily to compensate for exposure to risk. Investors earn the carry as their return if spot prices do not change, and risk manifests through changing spot prices.5  Momentum and value, in contrast, aim to take advantage of those changes in spot prices—momentum over the short run, and value over longer horizons. Thus, these three strategies complement each other well, and value in particular helps insulate carry portfolios against crash risk. 
The average pairwise correlation of 0.03, as shown in the following correlation matrix, confirms the strong diversification potential of combining these three strategies:






























We see pockets of significant correlation. For example, the momentum portfolios exhibit positive correlation across asset classes, suggesting that strategies focused on momentum alone (a path followed by many managed futures funds) forgo the opportunity to significantly improve results through allocating to complementary strategies. Value, especially, provides strong diversification, exhibiting negative correlation to momentum and carry within asset classes, while momentum and carry are positively correlated within asset classes. The importance of even marginal return strategies, such as value in commodities, is clear; although the Sharpe ratio for the stand-alone strategy is not significantly different from zero, the powerful diversification properties it brings to the portfolio greatly reduce drawdowns and improve the risk–return trade-off for a combined commodities portfolio. 
Putting the 12 individual strategies together in a single portfolio6  delivers a package of carry, momentum, and value that provides the potential for strong absolute returns at moderate levels of risk and leverage. The historical annual excess return over the 25½-year period of our analysis averages 14.7% at 10.1% volatility, an impressive 1.5 Sharpe ratio—double even the best Sharpe ratio of the individual strategies.7
Additionally, these impressive Sharpe ratios come with low risk when measured by other means than standard deviation of returns. In the last 25½ years, the portfolio was not subject to the extreme crash risk faced by many carry and momentum strategies. The portfolio’s largest drawdown occurred in 2010–2011, peaking at −17.5%, and fully recovering within 12 months. In fact, the portfolio exhibits positive skew, rather than the negative skew associated with crash risk.






























Neither does the portfolio require dangerously high use of leverage. We examine the gross leverage in the portfolio, adding together the total long exposure across all strategies to the absolute value of total short exposure. Since January 1989, the degree of portfolio leverage required peaked at 479% and averaged 357%. Given the high liquidity of the derivatives contracts and offsetting asset class positions in the portfolio, this degree of leverage is associated with very conservative levels of posted collateral (estimated at less than 20%), and greatly reduces the potential danger of forced selling during times of stress due to insufficient collateral. 
Not only do these combined systematic global macro absolute returns show excellent stand-alone characteristics, they are also very useful diversifiers in portfolios. Because of their hedged construction, the carry, momentum, and value factors have very little correlation with most exposures to asset classes and traditional risk factors. The long-only benchmark indices—the S&P 500, Barclays Aggregate, long USD index, and Bloomberg Commodities index—all show near-zero correlation to the systematic global macro (SGM) portfolio.






























Even the HFRI Global Macro index, a collection of self-reported global macro hedge funds, shows a relatively low 0.28 correlation to the systematic global macro portfolio. The carry, momentum, and value exposures appear to provide the potential for truly diversifying return streams that cannot be easily captured through traditional means. 
Even a relatively small exposure to the uncorrelated returns can dramatically impact a portfolio. We compare the return and higher-moment characteristics for the traditional 60% S&P 500/40% Barclays Aggregate portfolio to portfolios that allocate 10%, 20%, or 30% to the systematic global macro strategy:






























Placing 10% of the portfolio in the systematic global macro strategy would have improved the Sharpe ratio from 1.0 to 1.2. Moving to a sizable 30% allocation would have improved the total portfolio Sharpe ratio to 1.5, identical to the historical global macro Sharpe ratio. The advantage comes from both higher return and lower volatility—exactly what the “free lunch” of diversification promises. 
Importantly, tail risk—measured by negative skewness and excess kurtosis, statistical representations of the “fat tail” events equity investors know experientially—also trends toward zero with larger allocations to the global macro portfolio. Standard allocations to bonds have traditionally helped to lower crash risk, but incorporating the systematic global macro strategy would have gone even further; for example, when the S&P 500 was down 16.8% in October 2008, a 60/40 portfolio would have reduced total portfolio loss to 11.0%, but a portfolio holding 30% in systematic global macro would have experienced only a 5.8% loss in that month. Uncorrelated returns can indeed offer strong protection in turbulent times.
Future Expectations
While these historical results appear quite impressive, we should be cautious when applying them to expectations of future performance. Backtested returns are rife with caveats for good reason. We have been judicious to avoid errors that would lead to magnified upward biases between historical returns and future results.8  Even so, common sense dictates a sensible reduction for forward-looking returns. Harvey and Liu (2015) discuss a general rule to haircut backtested Sharpe ratios by 50%, and recommend that weaker Sharpe ratios receive more aggressive haircuts and higher Sharpe ratios be cut by less, in order to form realistic forward-looking expectations. Factors impacting real-world returns include transaction costs, signal banding to reduce turnover, applying a fund management fee, and adjusting for tail winds provided by secular decline in global interest rates. Taking these factors into account also argues for a significantly lower forward-looking Sharpe ratio. 
Fortunately, given the exceedingly strong historical data, this systematic global macro strategy remains quite compelling even with aggressive discounting of expected returns. Run at a 10% volatility, a 0.8 Sharpe ratio generates excess returns of 8% annualized—far above our expectations for any traditional asset class or risk premia. And given the excellent diversification provided by the uncorrelated returns, this combination of carry, momentum, and value premia could be one of the most compelling investment opportunities available in today’s markets.
Conclusion
A fair-minded consideration of today’s markets shows muted potential from investing in traditional assets. Low yields, high valuations, and anemic global growth have pushed down expected returns. Given these starting conditions, the likelihood of achieving anything close to a 5% real return seems quite slim,9  creating a considerable need for alternative solutions. We see the alternative factor premia of carry, momentum, and value as powerful additions to suitable investors’ portfolios. These systematic global investment strategies provide an attractive and diversifying alternative source of investment returns. They are empirically robust, theoretically sound, and we believe positioned to continue to drive strong absolute returns in today’s macro environment. As we stated earlier, global macro has become a well-established discipline for good reason, offering the average investor an opportunity—once enjoyed by only the most sophisticated hedge funds—to benefit from these alternative sources of return.










More information on Global Macro.












 

 










How to Invest


















 Parametric

















Disclaimer: By providing or not providing through our website the names of or links to organizations that may offer investors access to our strategies, Research Affiliates in no way markets, offers, recommends, endorses or prefers any providers or any of their related investment products and disclaims any responsibility for other’s uses of any such providers or products. The existence of an entity’s name or hyperlink on this site does not mean that such entities are the only entities through which an investor can access Research Affiliates’ strategies since Research Affiliates may have other relationships with additional entities not listed on this website.










 










Featured Tags




					Chris Brightman
				



					Global Macro
				



					Shane Shepherd
				


















Articles














        Take the 5% Challenge! (or The “Lloyd Christmas” Lesson)
      
















Articles














        Will Your Factor Deliver? An Examination of Factor Robustness and Implementation Costs
      
















Articles














        Death of the Risk-Free Rate
      





















Learn More About the Authors
































Shane Shepherd
PhD

Director, Head of Research





Profile
































Chris Brightman
CFA

Chief Investment Officer





Profile








Follow


















Endnotes
1. Much research has documented the carry, momentum, and value factors in individual asset classes as well as across the global landscape. The fact that these strategies are robust, and that their returns have persisted even after discovery, gives us confidence they should continue to provide positive return premiums going forward. The literature also documents theoretically sound bases for their persistence, including risk-based premia, behavioral biases, and persistent institutional frictions.
2. Asness, Moskowitz, and Pedersen (2013) provides an overview.
3. Low or negative interest rates are typically associated with appreciating currencies. These currencies on average, however, do not appreciate by enough to offset their yield disadvantage, thus creating the forward premium puzzle reviewed by Fama (1984). This premium appears to be time varying, and recent research such as by Lustig Roussanov, and Verdelhan (2014) ties the returns to sources of macroeconomic risk.
4. Examining multiple definitions of each factor leads us to conclude these factors are robust drivers of returns. By selecting factors based on implementation characteristics rather than historical returns, we believe these definitions should mitigate (although not eliminate) the backtesting bias discussed by Harvey, Liu, and Zhu (2016) and McLean and Pontiff (forthcoming), as well as result in portfolios with greater liquidity and lower trading costs, leading to higher net returns flowing through to investors.
5. A sizable body of literature discusses the risks associated with carry strategies and the failure of spot prices to converge, such as the failure of uncovered interest rate parity in currency markets beginning with Fama (1984) and Hodrick (1987); the failure of the expectations hypothesis in bond markets (Fama and Bliss, 1987); and the persistence of contango and backwardation in commodity markets, as far back as Keynes (1930).
6. Many possible methods exist to formulate a combined portfolio. Overly complex methods are not necessary to achieve impressive results; here we simply weight each strategy by the inverse of its inception-to-date volatility.
7. These returns are excess (without collateral) and do not include expenses or fees. Readers could reasonably deduct 1% for management fees (via a systematic implementation rather than expensive hedge fund) and another 1% for conservatively estimated transaction costs.
8. For example, we use our analysis of multiple signals to help establish robustness rather than search for “optimal” results. We do not simply select the highest Sharpe ratios from those signals, but rather select based upon low costs of implementation and consistency. We also focus on signals that hold up well to commonsense rules such as turnover banding.
9. West and Masturzo (2016) encourage readers to take the 5% challenge!
References
Asness, Clifford S., Tobias J. Moskowitz, and Lasse H. Pedersen. 2013. “Value and Momentum Everywhere.” Journal of Finance, vol. 68, no. 3 (June):929–985. 
Fama, Eugene F. 1984. “Forward and Spot Exchange Rates.” Journal of Monetary Economics, vol. 14, no. 3 (November):319–338.
Fama, Eugene F., and Robert R. Bliss. 1987. “The Information in Long-Maturity Forward Rates.” American Economic Review, vol. 77, no. 4 (September):680–692.
Graham, Benjamin, and David L. Dodd. 1934. Security Analysis. New York, NY: The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
Harvey, Campbell R., and Yan Liu. 2015. “Backtesting.” Journal of Portfolio Management, vol. 42, no. 1 (Fall):13–28.
Harvey, Campbell R., Yan Liu, and Heqing Zhu. 2016. “… and the Cross-Section of Expected Stock Returns.” Review of Financial Studies, vol. 29, no. 1 (January):5–68. 
Hodrick, Robert J. 1987. The Empirical Evidence on the Efficiency of Forward and Futures Foreign Exchange Markets. New York, NY: Harwood Academic Publishers.
Lustig, Hanno, Nikolai Roussanov, and Adrien Verdelhan. 2014. “Countercyclical Currency Risk Premia.” Journal of Financial Economics, vol. 111, no. 3 (March):527–553. 
Keynes, John M. 1930. A Treatise on Money: The Pure Theory of Money.
McLean, David R., and Jeffrey Pontiff. “Does Academic Research Destroy Stock Return Predictability?” Journal of Finance, forthcoming. 
West, John, and Jim Masturzo. 2016. “Take the 5% Challenge! (or The 'Lloyd Christmas' Lesson).” Research Affiliates (October).



















previous





next







































Close
 Cookies Disclaimer
The content provided on this website is only informational and is not investment advice or any offer or sale of any investments. Any use of this content is subject to and evidence of the user’s acceptance of all important legal disclosures, disclaimers, terms of use and provisions found at www.researchaffiliates.com/en_us/about-us/legal.html, including the user’s complete release of liability for any use of the content, which may contain inaccuracies.
This site uses cookies to improve its performance, track usage, and improve a user’s experience. Your continued use of this site acts as your consent to the use of these cookies pursuant to the Research Affiliates Cookie Policy. To learn more about cookies or to use the site without cookies visit our Cookie Policy statement found at https://www.researchaffiliates.com/en_us/about-us/cookies-policy.html.



Disclaimer
You are now leaving the Research Affiliates, LLC website. The following link may contain information concerning investments, products or other information. Research Affiliates, LLC is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information on non-affiliated websites. The material available on non-affiliated websites has been produced by entities that are not affiliated with Research Affiliates, LLC. Descriptions of, references to, or links to products or publications within any non-affiliated linked website does not imply endorsement of that product or publication by Research Affiliates, LLC. Any opinions or recommendations from non-affiliated websites are solely those of the independent providers and are not the opinions or recommendations of Research Affiliates, LLC, which is not responsible for any inaccuracies or errors. THIS INFORMATION IS NOT AN OFFER TO BUY OR A SOLICITATION TO SELL ANY SECURITY OR INVESTMENT PRODUCT. SUCH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS MADE ONLY BY THE SECURITIES' OR INVESTMENT PRODUCTS' ISSUER OR SPONSOR THROUGH A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER OFFERING DOCUMENTATION.
Cancel
Proceed
































 







Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund, Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Chaffee  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund, Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    3600 Minnesota Drive Suite 325 
    Minneapolis, MN, 55435Phone: 952-767-7700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-27


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Orison Chaffee 
 Promoter 


 Thomas Lee 
 Promoter 


 Frederick Marius 
 Executive 


 Parametric Parametric Portfolio Associates Llc 
 Promoter 


 Christine Smith 
 Executive 


















Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd. - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd. alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd. alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd. alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd. alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd. trustees and associates »
															


 







Orison Chaffee
Managing Director of the Manager of Issuer @ Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.


View Full Profile









Thomas Lee
VP/Managing Principal of Manager of Issuer @ Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.


View Full Profile









Frederick Marius
Employee @ Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.


View Full Profile









Christine Smith
Employee @ Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.


View Full Profile









Parametric Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Manager of Issuer @ Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC  Financing
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  This is a new filing. Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC was able to sell $20,010,000. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 3 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $3,000,000. The financing document was filed on 2017-05-05. Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC is based in  3600 MINNESOTA DRIVE SUITE 325 MINNEAPOLIS 55435. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Parametric Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001705353




X
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2017


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


3600 MINNESOTA DRIVE
SUITE 325


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MINNEAPOLIS
MINNESOTA
55435
952-767-7700


1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

  
None

Entity Type


0001692736
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund



X
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund, Ltd.
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund, Ltd.

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


3600 MINNESOTA DRIVE
SUITE 325


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MINNEAPOLIS
MINNESOTA
55435
952-767-7700


1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001705669




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2017


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


3600 MINNESOTA DRIVE
SUITE 325


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MINNEAPOLIS
MINNESOTA
55435
952-767-7700


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Parametric


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


3600 Minnesota Drive
Suite 325


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Minneapolis
MINNESOTA
55435



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of Issuer


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Chaffee
Orison


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


3600 Minnesota Drive
Suite 325


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Minneapolis
MINNESOTA
55435



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Director of the Manager of Issuer


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Lee
Thomas


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


3600 Minnesota Drive
Suite 325


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Minneapolis
MINNESOTA
55435



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
VP/Managing Principal of Manager of Issuer


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Marius
Frederick


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

Two International Place

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Boston
MASSACHUSETTS
02110



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Smith
Christine


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1918 8th Avenue
Suite 3100


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Seattle
WASHINGTON
98101



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


X
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2017-05-01

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$3,000,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$20,010,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
3


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date



Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd.
/s/ Frederick Marius
Frederick Marius
Director
2017-05-05


Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund, Ltd.
/s/ Frederick Marius
Frederick Marius
Director
2017-05-05


Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC
/s/ Orison Chaffee
Orison Chaffee
VP/Managing Principal of Manager of Issuer
2017-05-05



Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-05-05New Form DIndefinite$20,010,000Indefinite$3,000,000306b 3C 3C.7[view]
Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC List of ExecutivesChristine Smith, Frederick Marius, Orison Chaffee, Parametric Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC, Thomas Lee











Last visited: Pantheon Resources plc, Pantheon Global Infrastructure Holdings - Holte, L.P., Panther Dividend Covered Call Growth Fund, LP, ParLevel Systems, Inc., Paradigm Credit Corp

								© 
							















Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC  Funding details


Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001650167Address: 3600 MINNESOTA DRIVE SUITE 325 MINNEAPOLIS 55435Phone number: (952) 767-7700



Latest news
Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC raised $118,872,115 from 14 investors on 2016-08-17.



Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-08-17Amended Form DIndefinite$118,872,115Indefinite$3,000,0001406b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-08-18New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$5,000,000006b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC raised $118,872,115 in total.



Directors and Executives of Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC
Key People in Parametric Global Defensive Equity Fund LLC:

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLCOrison ChaffeeThomas Lee
Similar companiesPARAMETRIC DEFENSIVE EQUITY FUND LLC, Parametric Dining LLC, PARAMETRICA ASIA FUND, LTD., PARAMETRICA ASIA INVESTMENTS, LTD, Parametric Liquid Alternative Fund LLC, Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Fund, Ltd., Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro Master Fund, Ltd., Parametric, Research Affiliates Systematic Global Macro U.S. Fund, LLC








Last visited companies: Feihe International Inc, Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc., Anakam, Inc., BALATON POWER INC, BALATON POWER INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














