


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 
























Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 





































 



 Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd  




















Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400




Paradice Investment Management




















AWARDED FOR ALL THE RIGHT REASONS
Since its beginning in 2000, Paradice Investment Management has developed a solid track record of producing outstanding returns across its products.
Our aim has always been to add value for our investors and, since inception, all our funds have exceeded their benchmarks. We believe that excessive funds under management can hinder performance, so we closely monitor and constrain capacity as funds grow to their optimal size.







Kevin Beck Featured on Informed Investor
Paradice Global Small Mid Cap Fund Manager Kevin Beck was featured on the Informed Investor website, in this video Kevin provides some insight into his background as well as expanding on the Global Small Cap investment universe and what benefits investors to gain through allocating to the asset class. Please click here to view the video. CPD points can be attained by completing a short quiz at the end of the video. 



LATEST NEWS




VIDEOS



View Our Video Updates

+ Visit our Video archives


EMAIL ALERTS



Keep up to date with our news and announcements
+ Sign up







OUR FUNDS
In addition to managing money for institutional clients, Paradice also caters for high net worth individuals using wholesale schemes. Please contact us to enquire about the schemes available.
Our three Australian funds have a solid track record of consistently outperforming their respective benchmarks.
More
























 



 Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd | 




















Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400




Paradice Investment Management




































Print Page
Font Smaller
Font larger



Search






In this section you can search for information contained within the Investor Relations
             area. In order to search, type your keyword/s into the box provided below and click
             the Search button.
                            

Enter the text for your search below:





































 



Contact Us Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd | 




















Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400




Paradice Investment Management


















Contact  Us 
Subscribe to our Monthly Updates





















 Home >
 Contact Us > Subscribe to our Monthly Updates  >





Print Page
Font Smaller
Font larger




Email Alerts









	Stay up to date with our latest information and announcements as and when it is released by subscribing to our newsletter.






Please choose at least one subscription




First Name:


*
            First Name is required




Last Name:


*
            Last Name is required




Email:


*
            Email is required
Email is invalid



 



Email Alerts





                    Company Announcements
                







                    Media Releases and other news
                






 



            Which of the following groups do you best fit?
        


select
Analyst
Broker
Financial Adviser
Fund Manager
Institutional Investor
Sophisticated Investor
Private Investor
Media Representative
General Interest

            *
            Please choose Which of the following groups do you best fit?



 








If you wish to unsubscribe, click here.





























 



Privacy Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd | 




















Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400




Paradice Investment Management
































  >
 Privacy  >




Print Page
Font Smaller
Font larger


Privacy



	Privacy Policy

	Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd (ABN 64 090 148 619, AFS Licence No. 224158) (referred to below as Paradice, we, us, our) maintains a policy of strict confidence concerning any Personal Information you provide to us (Privacy Policy). The meaning of Personal Information is discussed in 1 below. This Privacy Policy has been developed in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (together the Privacy Act). Our Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. We have formulated our Privacy Policy on an "FAQ" - style basis to assist in your understanding of our Privacy Policy.


What Personal Information do we collect and hold?


	"Personal Information" means information or an opinion about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion. We may obtain Personal Information to provide you with our services and products, to manage our relationship with you or for such other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. The types of Personal Information we may collect include your full name, contact details (such as your residential address, telephone number and email address), date of birth, tax file number, Australian business number, your financial details (including bank account details) and interests and the products and services we have provided to you.

	We collect Personal Information when you:




		visit our website (Website) to read or download information;

		contact one of our directors or employees by telephone or email;

		make an enquiry about our products or services; or

		become one of our clients.


	Sometimes, we may need to collect Personal Information about individuals who are not our clients (for example, business contact details of a company representative with whom we deal or your representative or agent, such as your accountant).

	Generally, we will not collect sensitive information about you (such as your race, political or religious beliefs or your health) unless for some reason we need to do so in order to provide you with our products or services. If we do need sensitive information, we will seek your consent when we collect the information (unless an exemption applies).

	Where you do not provide us with Personal Information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the full scope of our services and products.


How is Personal Information collected and stored?


	This depends on how you deal with us and the products and services you might request from us.

	We may collect Personal Information about you from an application form or verbally if you call us or speak directly with our staff. We hold the Personal Information in both physical and electronic storage facilities including paper-based files and computer and cloud databases.In addition, if you access the Website, this will mean that we will collect Personal Information electronically.

	Some of our pages on the Website use "cookies", which are small files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies helps us remember who you are and may collect and store your server address, top level domain name (e.g. .com, .gov, .net etc), the date and time of your visit, country your service address is located in, the type of browser you used, the pages viewed and any downloads made, the previous site you visited and the site you visited next.

	Cookies can make your subsequent visits to the Website simpler and more efficient. We may also use the information to assist in improving the Website, marketing and product development.

	You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (However, by not accepting cookies, some pages on the Website may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information.) A server cannot find out a name or email address, or anything about you by using cookies.

	Cookie information is not stored or collected by us. Once we receive information from you, via email or any other means, the information is stored in a secure environment.

	Paradice takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information it holds from loss, unauthorised access, interference, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure using both physical and electronic security measures.

	By providing us with your Personal Information over the internet you accept that such information will be transmitted at your own risk as the security of such information cannot be guaranteed.


How do we use Personal Information collected by us?


	We use Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected. These purposes are:




		providing you with the relevant products or services requested (including verifying your identity);

		managing our relationship with you;

		managing and administering your investments;

		communicating with you about your investments;

		if you have requested it, sending you information about us and our products and services;

		the development of our products and services;

		marketing and research;

		statistical purposes;

		improving the content of the Website;

		general internal purposes;

		general product development; and

		complying with laws, regulations, rules, directions or requests from regulatory or government agencies.


	If you would like to stop receiving communications from us, please contact our Privacy Officer (details below) and you will be removed from our mailing list.

	If it is no longer necessary for us to have your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to destroy it in a secure manner or remove identifying features from it. This is subject to any legal obligation we have to keep Personal Information for a specific period of time.


Will Personal Information be disclosed?


	Personal Information collected from you will only be used to send commercial electronic messages if express or inferred consent has been obtained.

	Our Privacy Policy is designed to maintain the confidentiality of all Personal Information held by us and prevent its misuse.

	In some circumstances, however, Personal Information may be disclosed outside Paradice. For example:




		for legal reasons, disclosures may need to be made to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts or external advisors;

		in some circumstances, Personal Information is disclosed to third parties where this is related to the supply of our products or services. If we make disclosures of this kind, you will be advised of these disclosures at the time you request us to supply you with our products or services;

		disclosures to third parties may be necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of a Paradice employee, another Paradice client.

		disclosures to third parties may be required where some or all of the assets and operation of the business are or may be transferred to another party by way of sale or some or all of Paradice's business.


	Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties to whom we contract out specialised functions, such as mailing houses, printing companies and professional advisers. If so, we take steps to ensure that those contractors comply with the Privacy Act, and are authorised only to use Personal Information in order to perform the functions required by us.

	Some of the third parties noted above may be in other countries where laws in relation to the processing of Personal Information are not consistent with the Australian Privacy Act. While we take steps to try and ensure that these third parties do not breach the Australian Privacy Act in relation to your Personal Information, the overseas recipient may breach the Australian Privacy Act. By providing us with your Personal Information you accept that we may make disclosure to overseas recipients on this basis.


How do I access, correct and update my Personal Information?


	Under the Privacy Act, you generally have a right to seek access to information which we hold about you within a reasonable time of your request being made. However, there are some exceptions to this.

	You also have the right to ask us to correct information about you which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Our policy is to consider any requests for access or correction in an appropriate and timely fashion. If we disagree with you about the accuracy, completeness or currency of our records, then you have the right to request that we note your disagreement in our records.

	In order to provide you with access to your Personal Information, we ordinarily require you to contact us by letter, email or telephone and outline the nature of your enquiry. Unless prohibited by law, a response will be made to you in writing either by mail or email as soon as possible. For privacy and security reasons, we generally do not provide you with your Personal Information over the phone. Where we do provide you with your Personal Information we provide you with a hard copy print-out of the relevant Personal Information from our current databases, or with photocopies of records which are held only on current paper files.

	We endeavour to keep and maintain the Personal Information we hold accurate, complete and up to date. You can assist us in our efforts by keeping us informed of any changes to your Personal Information by notifying us in writing as soon as possible. We may also ask you to review, confirm and advise us of changes to your Personal Information.

	If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, if you wish to complain about how we have handled Personal Information about you, or if you wish to access or correct your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Officer. See paragraph 10 below for the Privacy Officer's contact details.


What about Security and Transborder Data Flow?


	As mentioned we will use reasonable steps to maintain a secure system for storing Personal Information. Technological and operational policies and procedures are in place to protect Personal Information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised modification or disclosure. However, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us (e.g. by email) and you do so at your own risk.

	Personal Information will not be transferred overseas unless Paradice has a reasonable belief that it will be collected, used or disclosed by the recipients in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

	As noted previously, we may provide third parties noted in Paragraph 4 above with your Personal Information. Some of these third parties may be in other countries where laws in relation to the processing of Personal Information are not consistent with the Australian Privacy Act. While we take steps to try and ensure that these third parties do not breach the Australian Privacy Act in relation to your Personal Information, the overseas recipient may breach the Australian Privacy Act. By providing us with your Personal Information you accept that we may make disclosure to overseas recipients on this basis.


Do you use Government Identifiers?


	We do not use tax file numbers, Medicare numbers or any other Government identifier for the purposes of identifying clients with products or services. The only circumstances in which we may collect such information is where we are required by law to do so.


What about the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006


	In order to comply with this legislation, in most cases, we must obtain, verify and record Personal Information that verifies clients who wish to invest using our services. The Personal Information collected for this specific purpose includes your full name, date of birth and residential address. We are obliged by law to store this information for a minimum of seven years. The Personal Information collected for the purposes of this legislation will not be disclosed to any third party unless:


		we have obtained your consent and informed you of the recipients of your Personal Information to, or

		if we are obliged to disclose your Personal Information by law.



What about links and references to Third Party Websites?


	The Website may contain links and references to third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on these third party websites as they may differ from ours.


How do I contact your Privacy Officer?


	Please contact our Privacy Officer, Lee Kho, if you:




		have any questions about this Privacy Policy;

		would like us to stop sending you communications;

		wish to make a complaint about how we have handled your Personal Information (including if you think we may have breached the Privacy Act); or

		would like to access or correct your Personal Information held by us.


	Our Privacy Officer, Lee Kho, can be contacted at:
	Paradice investment Management Pty Limited
	Level 27, The Chifley Tower, 2 Chifley Square
	Sydney NSW 2000
	Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400
	Email:investorrelations@paradice.com.au

	When you contact us, please include your email address, name, address and telephone number and clearly describe your complaint. Our Privacy Officer will investigate the complaint and respond to you promptly.


What if you are still not happy?


	If you consider that we have failed to resolve the complaint satisfactorily, and you are an individual located in Australia, you can complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissions by visiting www.oaic.gov.au or by writing to GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001.


Can this Privacy Policy Change?


	Our Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time, as we consider necessary.  Please check our website www.paradice.com.au from time to time for our latest Privacy Policy.
























 



Funds Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd | 




















Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400




Paradice Investment Management


















Funds Overview
Daily Trust Prices
Distribution Statements
Approach
Our  Approach
Investment Process
Corporate Governance


Australian Small Cap Fund
Australian Mid Cap Fund
Australian Large Cap Fund
 Global Small Mid Cap Fund
Video Updates














 Home >
 Funds > Approach > Our  Approach  >






Print Page
Font Smaller
Font larger


Our  Approach


	We adopt a long term “bottom-up” approach to investment. Bottom–up stock picking involves assessing how a particular company will perform over a given period. If its potential performance appears strong, we then assess the outlook for its industry and finally the overall economy.

	We believe that equity markets are inefficient and, therefore, offer excellent investment opportunities over time. The inefficiencies arise due to excesses in investor emotion, short term investment horizons and disproportionate focus on one of the least important aspects of a company’s financial health – its profit and loss statement.

	In our view, objectivity is crucial to sound investing. It is possible to benefit from market inefficiencies by focusing on logical, ordered and objective investment decisions based on known facts.

	We aim to buy shares which we believe are underpriced and expect to grow at rates greater than the market. Our strategy is to favour well-managed, good value companies that have significant growth opportunities through their comparative advantage.

	This comparative advantage can be via a combination of a better product or service, a more efficient organisational model, a favourable niche or a commanding leadership position within their industry. In our view, a good business requires good products, services and execution.

	The key to identifying these investment opportunities lies in our extensive insight and analysis of companies and the industries to which they belong. We achieve this through an intense company visitation program, as well as proven valuation techniques and models used by our experienced investment professionals.


























Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:37 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides services to individuals, typically high net worth individuals. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios. The firm also manages funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity market of Australia. The firm primarily invests in the stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies. For its equity investments it follows bottom-up approach to make its investments. The firm benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against ASX/S&P 200 Accumulation Index. Paradice Investment Management is based in Sydney, New South Wales.


Level 12139 Macquarie StreetSydney, NSW 2000AustraliaFounded in 1999



Phone: 61 2 8227 7400

Fax: 61 2 8227 7444

www.paradice.com.au







Key Executives for Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd.




Mr. Anthony Miles Hammond


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Matthew Riordan


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. John Lake


      	Portfolio Manager and Analyst
      








Mr. Troy Christopher Angus


      	Portfolio Manager and Analyst
      








Mr. Rishi Khilnani


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 333 Capital Pty Ltd. Asia 708 Capital Pty Ltd Asia 708 Group Pty. Ltd. Asia 88 Active Pty. Ltd. Asia A & K Merc Pty. Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      October 3, 2016
			    
Bradken Limited



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 30, 2016
			    
ASG Group Limited



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 26, 2016
			    
SAI Global Limited





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd., please visit www.paradice.com.au.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



About Paradice Investment Management Pty Ltd | 




















Telephone: +61 2 8227 7400




Paradice Investment Management


















Company Overview
Focus
Difference
Our Team
Australian Equities Investment Team
Large Caps Investment Team
Mid Caps Investment Team
Small Caps Investment Team


Global Equities Investment Team
Investment and Business Support Team
















 Home >
 About > Company Overview  >





Print Page
Font Smaller
Font larger


Company Overview

Paradice Investment Management is a privately owned Australian boutique funds management business established in 1999 by David Paradice. The business is solely focused on providing asset management for institutional and wholesale clients.
The Paradice Australian Small Cap fund was our initial product offering in 2000 and the business has subsequently expanded its investment range with 3 additional strategies, the Australian Mid Cap Fund launched in 2006 and the Australian Large Cap Fund launched in 2007. Our latest strategy the Paradice Global Small Mid Cap Fund was launched in 2010.
We currently manage over $12 billion in assets across these 4 distinct strategies with 31 staff and offices located in Sydney, Denver and San Francisco.





























  Evolve Education Group Limited













































S&P/NZX 50 
              7,640 -0.94%


S&P/NZX 20 
              5,177 -1.15%


S&P/NZX 10 
              7,388 -1.10%











securities


 {{item.code}} {{item.name}} 




Price traded securities


 {{item.code}} {{item.name}} 




Yield traded securities


 {{item.code}} {{item.name}} 




companies


 {{item.code}} {{item.name}} 




regulators


 {{item.code}} {{item.name}} 



















Markets

NZX Main Board
NXT Market
NZX Alternative Market
NZX Debt Market
NZX Derivatives
Fonterra Shareholders' Market



Regulation


Products


Services


Investing


Corporate


My NZX









Advertisement






Fri 28 July
17:37:39 NZST






Overview


Announcements





      

       EVO / Announcements
    



SSH Notice - Paradice Investment Managent Pty Ltd
8:30am, 27 May 2015 | SSH

Disclosure of beginning to have substantial holding
Section 276, Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013
To NZ STOCK EXCHANGE
and
To EVOLVE EDUCATION GROUP LIMITED
Date this disclosure made: 26/05/2015
Date on which substantial holding began:12/05/2015
Substantial product holder(s) giving disclosure
Full name(s):PARADICE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT PTY LTD
Summary of substantial holding
Class of quoted voting products: ORDINARY SHARE
Summary for PARADICE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT PTY LTD
For this disclosure,—
(a) total number held in class: 10,505,000
(b) total in class: 177,082,724.00
(c) total percentage held in class: 5.932%
Details of relevant interests
Details for PARADICE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT PTY LTD
Nature of relevant interest(s): BENEFICIAL OWNER OF FINANCIAL PRODUCTS
For that relevant interest,—
(a) number held in class: 10,505,000
(b) percentage held in class: 5.932%
(c) current registered holder(s): NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED
(d) registered holder(s) once transfers are registered: NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED 
100080615/3821102.1 2
Details of transactions and events giving rise to substantial holding
Details of the transactions or other events requiring disclosure: 
(Please see attached)
Additional information
Address(es) of substantial product holder(s): LEVEL 12, 139 MACQUARIE STREET SYDNEY
NSW 2000
Contact details: TONY HAMMOND, COMPANY SECRETARY, PARADICE INVESTMENT
MANGEMENT PTY LTD (+612 8227 7400; INVESTORRELATIONS@PARADICE.COM.AU
Certification
I, TONY HAMMOND, certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the information
contained in this disclosure is correct and that I am duly authorised to make this disclosure
by all persons for whom it is made. 








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 
























Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


