

	ACOUSTIC AMERICA Trademark of Parks, Walter J. IV. Serial Number: 75033792 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
ACOUSTIC AMERICA










 
Get FREE email alerts













ACOUSTIC AMERICA  Trademark Information
 Parks, Walter J. IV
musical sound recordings; sound recordings of spoken word in the nature of poetry; educational sound recordings for teaching and developing skills on musical instruments for music students at all levels




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
musical   sound   recordings   sound   recordings   spoken   word   nature   poetry   educational   sound   recordings   teaching   developing   skills   musical   instruments   music   students   levels    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark by Parks, Walter J. IV 
                                in New York, , 10116.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Parks, Walter J. IV of the ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark.
                           






On Monday, December 18, 1995,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ACOUSTIC AMERICA by 
                        Parks, Walter J. IV, New York 10116.
                        The USPTO has given the ACOUSTIC AMERICA 
                        trademark serial  number of  75033792.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for ACOUSTIC AMERICA is 
                        
                        
                                            Walter J. Parks IV and Stephanie Winters of 
                                            GPO Box 8720,  New York, NY  10116,  
                                .
                            The ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ACOUSTIC AMERICA 
                            is musical sound recordings; sound recordings of spoken word in the nature of poetry; educational sound recordings for teaching and developing skills on musical instruments for music students at all levels. 
                            





Word mark:
 ACOUSTIC AMERICA


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

6/12/2004



  Serial Number:  
75033792


  Filing Date:  
12/18/1995


 Registration Number:  
2094218 


 Registration Date:  
9/9/1997


 Goods and Services: 
musical sound recordings; sound recordings of spoken word in the nature of poetry; educational sound recordings for teaching and developing skills on musical instruments for music students at all levels


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/17/1997


Last Applicant/Owner:

Parks, Walter J. IVNew York 10116
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ACOUSTIC")


 Correspondent:


Walter J. Parks IV and Stephanie Winters
GPO Box 8720
New York, NY  10116







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
5/10/1995


First Use In Commerce: 
5/10/1995





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/12/2004
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Walter J. Parks IV and Stephanie Winters


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ACOUSTIC AMERICA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search acousticamerica on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ACOUSTIC AMERICA 




ACOUSTIC AMERICA is providing musical sound recordings; sound recordings of spoken word in the nature of poetry; educational sound recordings for teaching and developing skills on musical instruments for music students at all levels.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



























Walter J. Parks - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Walter J. Parks
President, Chief Operating Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer at Bebe Stores, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Walter J. Parks? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Walter J. Parks's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Walter J. Parks's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Walter J. Parks's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Walter J. Parks through your network of contacts.
												








Walter J. Parks's Executive Work History


Current


President, Chief Operating Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, 
Bebe Stores, Inc.


Past
To view Walter J. Parks's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Walter J. Parks's Biography



Walter Parks has served as President, COO, and interim CFO since February 2016. Prior to rejoining bebe in February 2016, Walter served as bebe's Chief Operating Officer from September 2006 and Chief Financial Officer from December 2003 to May 2013. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Parks served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of The Wet Seal, Inc. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Parks served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Restoration Hardware, Inc. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Parks served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for Ann Taylor Stores Corporation, and in various other positions since j ...
(Read More)

			Walter Parks has served as President, COO, and interim CFO since February 2016. Prior to rejoining bebe in February 2016, Walter served as bebe's Chief Operating Officer from September 2006 and Chief Financial Officer from December 2003 to May 2013. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Parks served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of The Wet Seal, Inc. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Parks served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Restoration Hardware, Inc. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Parks served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for Ann Taylor Stores Corporation, and in various other positions since joining that company in 1988.
		
Source: Bebe Stores, Inc. on 09/28/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Walter J. Parks's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Walter J. Parks. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Walter J. Parks's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Walter J. Parks's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Walter J. Parks through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Walter J. Parks


















Walter J. Parks's Connections (78)





Sign up now to view Walter J. Parks's 78 connections »









John E. Kyees
Lead Independent Director, Vera Bradley, Inc.









Gary G. Friedman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Restoration Hardware Holdings









Stephen Gross
Former Board Member, Seal123









Daniel L. Wardlow
Former Board Member, Bebe Stores, Inc.









Steve Birkhold
Former Chief Executive Officer, Bebe Stores, Inc.









Edmond S. Thomas
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Tilly's, Inc.









Caden C. Wang
Former Board Member, LeapFrog Enterprises Inc.









Brett C. Brewer
Board Member, Bebe Stores, Inc.









Jennifer L. Pritchard
Former President, Skagen, Fossil Group, Inc.









Susan Powers
Former Senior Vice President, Stores, Bebe Stores, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















 






bebe stores, inc. Promotes Liyuan Woo to Chief Financial Officer | bebe













Login







  FREE SHIPPING OVER $100 DETAILS 




 Menu

  
 Search 
 Stores
 









SEARCH











 












Investor Relations

Investor Center Home
About Us
Stock Information
Press ReleasesAll Press Releases
Earnings Releases
Sales Releases
Other Releases

SEC Filings
Corporate Governance
Corporate LeadershipExecutives
Board Members

EventsAll Upcoming Events
Conference Calls
Webcasts
Presentations

Investor FAQs
Investor ResourcesE-mail Alerts
RSS Feeds
Contact IR

 


Search Investor Center




Search this site: 











Advanced Search 


 



              bebe stores, inc. Promotes Liyuan Woo to Chief Financial Officer            




      Category:          

Other 



    Tuesday, April 30, 2013 4:00 am PDT  



      Dateline:          




                    BRISBANE, Calif.        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NASDAQ:BEBE 







  "We are pleased to be able to recognize Liyuan Woo’s talent,        accomplishments and strategic financial skills by promoting her to the        CFO role" 



BRISBANE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--bebe stores, inc. (NASDAQ: BEBE) today announced that it has promoted        Liyuan Woo to the position of Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Ms. Woo,        who currently serves as the Company’s Principal Accounting Officer and        Vice President-Corporate Controller, has been with bebe stores since        2010. She will also retain the Principal Accounting Officer title and        will be responsible for global finance, accounting, treasury, tax,        compliance, planning and strategic corporate development. Ms. Woo will        report directly to bebe stores’ Chief Executive Officer, Steve Birkhold.             As CFO, Ms. Woo will succeed Walter J. Parks, Chief Operating Officer        (“COO”) and Chief Financial Officer, who is departing the Company        effective May 3, 2013. The Chief Operating Officer position will be        eliminated and CEO Steve Birkhold will assume the COO responsibilities.        The Company said that the change in management responsibilities        reflected the desire for a flatter, more streamlined organizational        structure to quickly advance the vision for the future of the bebe brand.             “We are pleased to be able to recognize Liyuan Woo’s talent,        accomplishments and strategic financial skills by promoting her to the        CFO role,” said Mr. Birkhold. “We are also grateful to Walter Parks for        his many contributions to bebe during the past ten years, and for his        assistance over the four months since I joined the Company in helping to        facilitate the transition and position bebe for a new level of success.”             Prior to joining bebe, Ms. Woo held a Senior Manager position with the        accounting firm Deloitte & Touche, LLP in its Mergers and Acquisitions        Transaction Services Group. In that role, she advised private equity        firms and strategic buyers in a variety of industries on mergers and        acquisitions, capital structure analysis and recapitalizations,        leveraged buyouts, financial due diligence and transaction modeling.             bebe stores, inc. is a global specialty retailer, which designs,        develops and produces a distinctive line of contemporary women’s apparel        and accessories under the bebe, BEBE SPORT, bbsp and 2b bebe brand        names. bebe currently operates 245 stores, of which 192 are bebe stores,        including the on-line store bebe.com, and 53 are 2b bebe stores,        including the on-line store 2bstores.com. These stores are located in        the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Canada. bebe        also distributes and sells bebe branded product through its licensees in        approximately 24 countries.             The statements in this news release, other than the historical financial        information, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and        uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated        results. Wherever used, the words “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,”        “believe” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.        Any such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and        uncertainties and the company's future results of operations could        differ materially from historical results or current expectations. Some        of these risks include, without limitation, miscalculation of the demand        for our products, effective management of our growth, decline in        comparable store sales performance, ongoing competitive pressures in the        apparel industry, changes in the level of consumer spending or        preferences in apparel, loss of key personnel, difficulties in        manufacturing, disruption of supply, adverse economic conditions, and/or        other factors that may be described in the company's annual report on        Form 10-K and/or other filings with the Securities and Exchange        Commission. Future economic and industry trends that could potentially        impact revenues and profitability are difficult to predict.        






      Contact:          





       bebe stores, inc.Steve Birkhold, 213-362-2323Chief Executive        Officer     
 












 

















 




Walter J Parks | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Walter J Parks will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesWalt ParksJames Taylor ParksWalter V ParksWalter S ParksJimmy Parks

Connect With Us











25 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age20 - 2930 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 8990 - 99Has lived in:All CitiesCA - BrisbaneCA - Corte MaderaCA - NovatoCA - Trabuco CanyonCT - BridgeportCT - FairfieldCT - New HavenCT - TrumbullDE - BearDE - DoverDE - SmyrnaFL - Atlantic BeachFL - JacksonvilleFL - Lady LakeFL - SeminoleFL - The VillagesGA - AthensGA - ChulaGA - CochranGA - CrawfordGA - EastmanGA - GriffinGA - HawkinsvilleGA - KennesawGA - SavannahGA - Silver CreekGA - TiftonHI - WaianaeID - BoiseKY - BerryKY - BurlingtonKY - FlorenceKY - LouisvilleNC - CharlotteNC - Elm CityNC - KannapolisNC - PinehurstNC - RaleighNC - Rocky MountNC - SalisburyNC - SpencerNJ - CamdenNJ - ClaytonNJ - ElmerNJ - GlassboroNJ - HackettstownNJ - Jersey CityNJ - MonroevilleNJ - PatersonNY - LevittownNY - New YorkNY - TarrytownOH - AuroraOH - BedfordOH - CincinnatiOH - ClevelandOH - ColumbusOH - LakewoodOH - SolonOH - ToledoOH - WestervilleOK - EnidPA - AlexandriaPA - Allison ParkPA - BrookhavenPA - ButlerPA - HarrisburgPA - PhiladelphiaPA - Roaring SpringPA - Sharon HillPA - Tower CityPA - YorkSC - GreerTN - NashvilleTX - College StationTX - LlanoVA - Amelia Court HouseVA - Cape CharlesVA - CheritonVA - ChesterfieldVA - ExmoreVA - FranktownVA - MacHipongoVA - MarionvilleVA - MidlothianVA - MoseleyVA - NassawadoxVA - NorfolkVA - Powhatan




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Walter Joseph ParksAge 58


Trumbull, CTFairfield, CTNew Haven, CTBrisbane, CACorte Madera, CANovato, CATrabuco Canyon, CA
Karen ParksKatie ParksSara ParksJohn ParksKatherine Parks


 


View Details


Wendy J ParksAge 30

Wendy J HarrisWendy J Simmons
Camden, NJPhiladelphia, PABear, DEDover, DEHackettstown, NJSmyrna, DE
James HarrisonGary ParksTracey ParksNicole ParksTrina Simmons


 


View Details


Walter John ParksAge 58

Walter V Parks
Nashville, TNJacksonville, FLAtlantic Beach, FLTarrytown, NYNew York, NYPaterson, NJJersey City, NJ
Rosaland ParksJames ParksMargo ParksKarin ParksIii Parks


 


View Details


Walter John ParksAge 43

Walt Parks
Athens, GACrawford, GATifton, GAHawkinsville, GACollege Station, TXSilver Creek, GAEastman, GA
Marissa FeithJohn ParksSheryl ParksGail ParksMildred Hodgson


 


View Details


Walter James ParksAge 69

Jim ParksJimmy Parks
Nassawadox, VANorfolk, VACheriton, VAMacHipongo, VAFranktown, VACape Charles, VA
Jennifer ParksPeggy Parks


 


View Details


Walter James ParksAge 50

James Taylor Parks
MacHipongo, VACheriton, VAChesterfield, VAMarionville, VALouisville, KYMidlothian, VAYork, PA
Erika AshmanSusan ParksJennifer ParksPeggy ParksJamie Parks


 


View Details


Walter John ParksAge 68


Glassboro, NJMonroeville, NJClayton, NJElmer, NJLady Lake, FLThe Villages, FL
Pamela ParksMarybeth ParksJr ParksMatthew ParksJohn Parks


 


View Details


Walter James ParksAge 64


Kannapolis, NCSalisbury, NCSpencer, NCCharlotte, NCElm City, NCRocky Mount, NC
Holly ParksBeverly ParksSolomon ParksPhillip ParksJay Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 66


Berry, KYBurlington, KYCincinnati, OHFlorence, KY
Wanda ParksMichael ParksWilliam Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 91

Walter S Parks
Allison Park, PAButler, PASeminole, FL
Jean Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 67


Bedford, OHSolon, OHAurora, OH
Betty BozicJames Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 36


Enid, OKWesterville, OHColumbus, OH
Judith ParksMichael Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 85


Sharon Hill, PABrookhaven, PAHarrisburg, PA
Darlene ParksVivian ParksWendell ParksDon ParksAja Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 88


Alexandria, PATower City, PARoaring Spring, PA
Jonathan ParksVickie ParksDaniel ParksJuanita Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 56


Cleveland, OHToledo, OHLakewood, OH
James ParksCarnell Parks


 


View Details


Walter J Parks

W John Parks
Jacksonville, FLAtlantic Beach, FL
Rosaland ParksMildred ParksJames ParksKarin ParksIii Parks


 


View Details


Walter James ParksAge 29


Kannapolis, NCSalisbury, NC
Beverly ParksSolomon ParksPhillip Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 48


Philadelphia, PABridgeport, CT
Quinn ParksJibreel Parks


 


View Details


Walter J ParksAge 92


Levittown, NYPinehurst, NC
Joan ParksKenneth ParksThomas ParksJosephine Parks


 


View Details


Walter Jackson ParksAge 70


Griffin, GA
Rebecca ParksJames ParksMary ParksAngela Parks




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact















Walter Parks, Bebe Stores Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Walter Parks

President/Interim CFO/COO,
Bebe Stores Inc






Career History




President/Interim CFO/COO
Bebe Stores Inc, 2/2016-PRESENT


CFO/COO
Bebe Stores Inc, 9/2006-5/2013


Chief Financial Officer
Bebe Stores Inc, 12/2003-9/2006


Exec VP/CAO
Wet Seal Inc, 3/2002-10/2003


Exec VP/CFO/CAO
Wet Seal Inc, 7/2001-3/2002


Exec VP/CFO/CAO
Restoration Hardware Inc, 1999-7/2001


Senior VP/CFO
GT Interactive Software Corp, 1999-1999


CFO/Treasurer
Anntaylor Stores Corp, 1997-1999


Senior VP:Finance
Anntaylor Stores Corp, 1995-1997



Anntaylor Stores Corp, 1988-1995


Show More









Website:
www.bebe.com






Corporate Information
Address:

400 Valley Drive
Brisbane, CA 94005
United States


Phone:
1-415-715-3900


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.bebe.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Bridgeport
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Walter Parks – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending February 19, 2016
Posted on February 22, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Booz Allen Hamilton
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation
La Quinta Holdings Inc.


ConocoPhillips
bebe stores, inc.
Quality Systems, Inc.


Alliance HealthCare Services, Inc.
Branch Properties
Chrome River


The Goodman Group
J-Pac Medical
First Sound Bank


Apto
Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc.
hhgregg, Inc.


Remitly
Fiserv, Inc.
DigiCert


Brixmor Property Group Inc.
Atreca, Inc.
CYS Investments


Stonegate Mortgage Corporation
Aver Inc.
FTE Networks, Inc.


Park Sterling Corporation





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Booz Allen Hamilton [MCLEAN, Va.] (NYSE: BAH)  has announced that Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Kevin Cook will retire, and Executive Vice President Lloyd W. Howell, Jr., who currently leads the firm’s Civil Commercial Group, will succeed him. Howell joined Booz Allen in 1988 as a Consultant, and provided systems engineering support to multiple Department of Defense satellite programs. In 1991, he left the firm to obtain his MBA, and subsequently, worked for Goldman Sachs in its Investment Banking Division. In 1995, Howell returned to Booz Allen where he became a member of the Strategy and Organization (S&O) capability team focused on Defense clients. He was named a Partner in 2000 and served as S&O’s Capability Leader from 2005 to 2009. Howell then served as the Client Service Officer of the Financial Services account in the Civil Market. He has been the Civil Commercial Group Lead since 2013.
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation [GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas] (NYSE: SIX) announced that Marshall Barber has been promoted to chief financial officer. Mr. Barber has built a successful career at Six Flags over the last 20 years, serving most recently as the company’s vice president financial planning & analysis.
La Quinta Holdings Inc. [IRVING, Texas] (NYSE: LQ) announced that Jim Forson has been named the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Forson has served as La Quinta’s interim Chief Financial Officer since November 2015. Previously, Mr. Forson served as La Quinta’s Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Forson joined the Company in 2010 as Vice President and Controller and also served as Acting Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2013. Prior to joining La Quinta, Mr. Forson was Senior Audit Manager with Grant Thornton LLP.
ConocoPhillips [HOUSTON] (NYSE: COP) announced the retirement of Jeff Sheets as executive vice president, Finance and chief financial officer after more than 35 years with ConocoPhillips Don Wallette, Jr., currently executive vice president, Commercial, Business Development and Corporate Planning, has been named executive vice president, Finance, Commercial and chief financial officer. Wallette has more than 30 years of experience across many aspects of the business and has served in numerous leadership roles.
Bebe stores, inc. [BRISBANE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: BEBE) announced that Walter Parks has rejoined as President, Chief Operating Officer and Interim-Chief Financial Officer. Former Chief Financial Officer Liyuan Woo is no longer with the Company.
Quality Systems, Inc. [IRVINE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: QSII) announced the appointment of James R. “Jamie” Arnold, Jr. to the post of chief financial officer. He assumes the role from John K. Stumpf, who has been serving as interim chief financial officer since March 2015. Most recently, from June 2010 to May 2015, Arnold served as chief financial officer and executive board member at Kofax Ltd. From 2004 to 2009, Arnold was senior vice president at Nuance Communications, Inc. He also was chief financial officer from 2004 to 2008. Arnold also held other senior-level finance positions at a range of publicly traded technology companies, including vice president, corporate controller at Cadence Design Systems, Inc., chief financial officer at Informix Software, Inc. and, corporate controller at Centura Software Corporation. Arnold served as a board member and chair of the Audit Committee at Selectica, Inc. from 2003 to 2010. In 2010, he served as co-chairman of the board.
Alliance HealthCare Services, Inc. [NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.] (NASDAQ: AIQ) announced that Rhonda Longmore-Grund has accepted the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), replacing Howard Aihara. Most recently, Longmore-Grund served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Printronix. She has held senior management positions at companies including Ingram Micro, Inc., Exult, Inc. and Velocium.
Branch Properties, LLC [ATLANTA] announced that it has appointed Richard H. Ross to the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Ross served as Branch’s Chief Financial Officer from April, 1998 through December 2010. Until September, 2015, Mr. Ross served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Trade Street Residential, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Ross served as Chief Financial Officer of TSRE, having previously served as a financial consultant to TSRE since August 2013. In March 2011, Mr. Ross founded Chiron Consulting, LLC, where he worked until becoming TSRE’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ross also serves as a director of Independence Realty Trust, Inc. 
Chrome River [LOS ANGELES] announced the appointment of Daniel Machock as chief financial officer. Daniel most recently served as CFO at SaaS mobile marketing provider, Outspoken, Inc., and his previous experience includes several other public and private technology companies, such as DexOne, Business.com, uBid.com, Aleri Software, and EY.
The Goodman Group [MINNEAPOLIS] is proud to announce the promotion of Clint Knacke to chief financial officer. Knacke joined The Goodman Group in 1996 as a retail accountant. Over the past five years he has led the accounting department as senior manager, and was named controller in 2014.
J-Pac Medical [SOMERSWORTH, NH] announced that Michael Dolge has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining J-Pac Medical, Dolge served as CFO at GI Supply Inc. Dolge has also held senior level positions at Rohm and Haas and the Industrial Products Division of Goodrich, as well as management positions with Johnson and Johnson in operational finance. Prior to J&J, Dolge was a senior auditor with Deloitte and Touche.
First Sound Bank [SEATTLE] (OTC: FSWA) announced that it has named Doug Stauduhar senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining First Sound Bank, Stauduhar served ten years as vice president and chief financial officer with Community Bank, Inc. of Missoula, Montana.   There he also served as a member of the Senior Management Team, chaired the bank’s Asset-Liability Committee, and managed its investment portfolio.
Apto [DENVER, CO] announced the addition of Jennifer Panning as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Panning was CFO at TrackVia. Prior roles include financial leadership positions at Hewlett-Packard and StrataVia.
Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. [MILPITAS, Calif.] announced the appointment of Thomas P. O’Neil as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. O’Neil was previously the CFO of  Arcadia Biosciences. Prior to joining Arcadia, Mr. O’Neil was the CFO of Sorbent Therapeutics, Inc. He has held executive-level positions with ChemGenex Pharmaceuticals and Nodality and HX Diagnostics, as well as finance roles with Monogram Biosciences, Inc.
hhgregg, Inc. [INDIANAPOLIS] (NYSE: HGG) announced that Robert Riesbeck, the Chief Financial Officer of hhgregg, has been appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Riesbeck will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining hhgregg in 2014, Mr. Riesbeck served as Operations Executive/Group CFO at Sun Capital Partners. Prior to that, Mr. Riesbeck was CFO of Marsh Supermarkets. Prior to this, Mr. Riesbeck was CFO of American Golf Corporation and also previously held business-unit COO and CFO roles at Nike, Inc. Mr. Riesbeck began his career with Grant Thornton LLP.
Remitly [SEATTLE] announced that the company hired Krish Srinivasan to be chief financial officer (CFO), replacing Andy Larson. Srinivasan most recently served as the vice president of finance for Lyft. Prior to that, Srinivasan worked at Amazon for several years. During this time, he served as the first CFO of Amazon India; CFO of Amazon Japan; and finance director of Amazon’s U.S. Hardlines business. Before Amazon, he spent more than 10 years with Microsoft.
Fiserv, Inc. [BROOKFIELD, Wis.] (NASDAQ: FISV) announced that Robert Hau will join the company as chief financial officer. Hau most recently served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of TE Connectivity Ltd. Prior to joining TE Connectivity, Hau served as executive vice president and chief financial officer for Lennox International Inc., and also spent 22 years at Honeywell International Inc. in a variety of progressive leadership roles, including as chief financial officer of its Aerospace Business Group, Specialty Materials Business Group and Aerospace Electronic Systems Unit.
DigiCert [LEHI, Utah] announced the hiring of Michael Olson as its chief financial officer (CFO). Olson most recently was CFO at WorkFront (formerly AtTask). Prior to that, Olson served as CFO at inthinc and started his career in the audit and assurance practice of Arthur Andersen.
Brixmor Property Group Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: BRX) announced that it has named Barry Lefkowitz as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr.  Lefkowitz is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Huntington Road Advisors LLC. Mr. Lefkowitz previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation from 1996 to 2014. Mr. Lefkowitz served as a Vice President at Mack-Cali Realty Corporation from 1994 to 1997.  Prior to joining Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, he served as a Senior Manager at Deloitte LLP, specializing in real estate.
Atreca, Inc. [REDWOOD CITY, Calif.] announced that Susan Berland has been appointed to the newly created position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Atreca, Ms. Berland most recently served as Chief Financial Officer at Mendel Biotechnology, and before this, as CFO at Poniard Pharmaceuticals. Previously, she was CFO of DNA Sciences. Prior to this, Ms. Berland held senior leadership positions at Monsanto Company as Head of Financial Planning and as Director of Mergers & Acquisitions. Previously, Ms. Berland was Senior Manager, Treasury for Holnam Inc. She began her career in corporate finance and strategic planning roles at Ameritech Corporation.
CYS Investments, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: CYS) announced that Jack DeCicco become the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, following the retirement of Frances R. Spark. Mr. DeCicco has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Annaly Commercial Real Estate Group, Inc., previously CreXus Investment Corp, where Mr. DeCicco was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in April 2013. He was most recently appointed to serve as Chief Accounting Officer of Annaly. In addition, Mr. DeCicco served as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Annaly’s wholly-owned captive insurance company since its inception in January 2014. From March 2012 until April 2013, Mr. DeCicco served as the Chief Accounting Officer of CreXus and Chimera Investment Corporation.
Stonegate Mortgage Corporation [INDIANAPOLIS, IN] (NYSE: SGM) announced Carrie Preston, current Chief Accounting Officer, as its Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Preston replaces Robert Eastep, who is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities. Ms. Preston is a CPA and joined Stonegate Mortgage in October 2014 as Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to this, she consulted for Stonegate Mortgage for Sarbanes-Oxley and financial reporting, and served as Chief Financial Officer for Union Mortgage Group, Inc. and Senior Vice President and Controller of Saxon Capital, Inc.
Aver Inc. [COLUMBUS, OH] has appointed Michele Kothe as Chief Financial Officer. Kothe joins Aver from HealthSpot, Inc., where she served as CFO since 2013. Prior to her time at HealthSpot, she held multiple roles at Pinnacle Data Systems, Inc. and Fugent, Inc.
FTE Networks, Inc. [NAPLES, FL] (OTC: FTNW) is pleased to announce the appointment of Luisa Ingargiola to the Company’s Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee. Luisa Ingargiola is the Chief Financial Officer for Magne Gas. Mrs. Ingargiola currently serves as a Board Director for The JBF Foundation Worldwide and CES Synergies, Inc., where she also serves as the Audit Committee Chair. Prior to joining Magne Gas, Mrs. Ingargiola worked as a Budget and Expense Manager for MetLife Insurance Company. Luisa previously served as a Board Director, Audit Committee Chair for CBD Energy Limited in 2014.
Park Sterling Corporation [CHARLOTTE, NC] (NASDAQ: PSTB) announced that David L. Gaines is stepping away from his role as Chief Financial Officer, and that Donald K. Truslow is joining the Company to assume that position. Mr. Truslow’s most recent position was as Chief Risk Officer for M&T Bank Corporation. He joined M&T Bank Corporation after serving as President of the Financial Stability Industry Council of The Financial Services Roundtable in Washington, D.C. Prior to joining The Financial Services Roundtable, he had an extensive 27 year career with Wachovia Corporation, including a tenure as Comptroller and Treasurer. His other roles at Wachovia included serving as Chief Risk Officer, Head of Middle Market Corporate Banking, Chief Credit Officer of Wachovia’s South Carolina Bank, and Manager of Loan Administration in International Banking.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending May 3, 2013
Posted on May 6, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Time Warner Cable 
Comcast Corporation 
Yodlee


BioTime, Inc. 
PDL BioPharma, Inc. 
Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc. 


Clean Power Finance
bebe stores, inc. 
AmeriGas Propane Inc.


GEO Semiconductor Inc. 
Bulova Technologies Group, Inc.
ENSERVCO Corporation 


FacilitySource
Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.
SBT Bancorp, Inc.


UQM Technologies, Inc. 
AdCare Health Systems, Inc. 
Schedulicity, Inc. 


Capital Group Holdings, Inc. 
FreightCar America, Inc. 
K12 Inc. 


Contec Holdings, Ltd.
DICK’s Sporting Goods, Inc. 
Brand USA


SnapLogic
Callidus Software Inc. 
CVS Caremark Corporation


CKX Lands, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Time Warner Cable announced that Arthur T. Minson, Jr. has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The company also announced that Irene M. Esteves will be leaving the company. Mr. Minson rejoins Time Warner Cable from AOL Inc., where he served since 2009 in a number of senior management roles, including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer. Mr. Minson joined Time Warner Cable in 2006 as Senior Vice President of Finance and became Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO in 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Minson was Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and Development at AOL. He’s also held senior finance positions at AMC Networks (formerly Rainbow Media Holdings, Inc.) and Time Warner Inc.
Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA, CMCSK) announced that it has promoted Cathy Avgiris to Chief Financial Officer of Comcast Cable, effective July 1, 2013. Ms. Avgiris is a 21-year Comcast veteran. She succeeds Dave Scott, who is retiring after twenty years with the Company. Prior to joining Comcast in 1992, Ms. Avgiris spent 11 years in finance, serving as Chief Financial Officer of Drexel Industries, Inc., a publicly held company, and as an Audit Manager with Deloitte & Touche.
Yodlee announced that Mike Armsby has been appointed Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Marc Blouin, who has served as interim CFO since October, will transition into his new role as Senior Vice President of Finance. Mike Armsby joins Yodlee after serving as CFO for View, Inc. – formerly Soladigm. Armsby’s professional experience spans 20 years and includes positions at Price Waterhouse, Bain & Company, Synopsys and the position of CFO for PowerLight.
BioTime, Inc. (NYSE: BTX) announced that its Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Robert W. Peabody, will reassume the additional role of Chief Financial Officer. BioTime’s current Chief Financial Officer, Peter S. Garcia, has resigned his position with BioTime and its subsidiaries effective May 10, 2013. Mr. Peabody previously served as BioTime’s Chief Financial Officer in 2010 and 2011. His experience includes public accounting with Ernst & Young, and as a financial executive for a Fortune 500 specialty chemical manufacturer, and as Vice President of a public biotechnology company.
PDL BioPharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: PDLI) announced that the Company has appointed Peter S. Garcia to the position of vice president, chief financial officer (CFO) and acting chief accounting officer. Mr. Garcia joins PDL from BioTime, Inc. (NYSE: BTX) where he served as CFO since 2011. Between the years of 1996 and 2011, Mr. Garcia was CFO of six biotech and high-tech companies, including Marina Biotech, Nanosys, Nuvelo, Novacept, IntraBiotics Pharmaceuticals and Dendreon Corporation. From 1990 to 1996, he was a finance executive with Amgen.
Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc. (OTC: CYLU) announced that it has appointed Michael J. Pellicci as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Pellicci will succeed Michael Bielonko, who will assume the responsibilities of Vice President of Finance. Pellicci most recently held the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Tropical Shipping and Construction Company Limited. He joined Tropical in March 2006 as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Tropical, he was Senior Vice President – Finance and Planning, Treasurer & Chief Accounting Officer at Seabulk International, Inc. Previously, he held several financial positions including Director of Corporate Finance and Corporate Controller at Caraustar Industries, Inc.
Clean Power Finance announced the appointment of Michael Pope as chief financial officer (CFO). Before joining the company, Michael was the COO and CFO of MarketTools.com. Prior to MarketTools.com, Michael served as VP for the office of the CEO of BearingPoint and as president and COO of Network General, which was acquired by NetScout Systems. Before that, he was president and CEO of DigitalThink, EVP and CFO of Dionex, and a bank examiner at the New York Federal Reserve.
bebe stores, inc. (NASDAQ: BEBE) announced that it has promoted Liyuan Woo to the position of Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Ms. Woo, who currently serves as the Company’s Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President-Corporate Controller, has been with bebe stores since 2010. As CFO, Ms. Woo will succeed Walter J. Parks, Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) and Chief Financial Officer, who is departing the Company effective May 3, 2013. Prior to joining bebe, Ms. Woo held a Senior Manager position with the accounting firm Deloitte & Touche, LLP in its Mergers and Acquisitions Transaction Services Group.
AmeriGas Propane Inc., general partner of AmeriGas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:APU) announced that Hugh J. Gallagher has been elected vice president – finance and chief financial officer of AmeriGas Propane, Inc. Mr. Gallagher will also continue to serve as treasurer of UGI Corporation and AmeriGas until a successor is named to that position. Mr. Gallagher will succeed John Iannarelli, who previously announced his intention to leave the company. Mr. Gallagher joined UGI Corporation in 1990 and has served both UGI and AmeriGas in various finance, accounting and operations roles including treasurer, director of treasury services and investor relations, director – business development and director – financial planning and analysis.
GEO Semiconductor Inc. announced that Eric Erdman has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Erdman most recently served as CFO at ViXS Systems Inc., and previously served as CFO and interim CEO at Genesis Microchip as well as CFO at Silicon Optix Messrs.
Bulova Technologies Group, Inc. (OTC: BLVT) announced that C. William Colburn resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. William McMillen was appointed to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
ENSERVCO Corporation (OTCQB: ENSV) announced Robert Devers has been appointed chief financial officer. Devers most recently was an independent consultant to public companies in the mining and beverage distribution industries. From 2007 to 2011 he served as chief financial officer of Silver Bull Resources. Devers also served as senior director of financial analysis and internal audit of The Broe Companies Inc. Devers assumes the CFO role from Rick Kasch, who has been serving dual roles as both president and CFO since July 2011. Kasch will continue in his role as president.
FacilitySource announced the appointments of Amy Bobbitt to the role of Chief Financial Officer. Bobbitt, formerly a manager at Deloitte, has held multiple senior leadership positions over the past 20 years, including that of CFO at Cranial Technologies, Inc., COMSYS IT Partners, Inc., and Pima Capital Development Company, as well as the Corporate Controller position at Amkor Technologies and Rockford Corporation.
Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTBI) announced that Kevin J. Stumbo has been promoted to the position of Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mr. Stumbo serves as Executive Vice President and Treasurer of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc., Executive Vice President of Community Trust Bank, Inc., and Vice President of Community Trust and Investment Company. Mr. Stumbo has been with Community Trust for more than 18 years. During that time, his positions have included General Accounting Manager and Controller. Prior to working for Community Trust, Mr. Stumbo was CFO of Our Lady of the Way Hospital and CFO of First Guaranty Bank.
SBT Bancorp, Inc. (OTC: SBTB), the holding company for The Simsbury Bank & Trust Company, announced today that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Anthony F. Bisceglio has informed the company of his plans to retire in 2014.
UQM Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: UQM) announced that it has appointed David I. Rosenthal as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Rosenthal was a director and served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Cyanotech Corporation. Prior to that Mr. Rosenthal served as Chief Financial Officer for Sanz, Inc. and Hickory Farms, portfolio companies of the private-equity firm Sun Capital Partners. Earlier in his career, Mr. Rosenthal served as the Chief Financial Officer of publicly-traded companies including Spectralink Corporation, Startek, Inc., Celestial Seasonings and Hauser, Inc. Mr. Rosenthal will replace Donald A. French, who is retiring after 25 years as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
AdCare Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE: ADK) announced that Ronald W. Fleming will join AdCare’s senior management team as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently Mr. Fleming held the position of CFO for the largest oncology physician practice in Georgia.  Prior to that, he was CFO of a skilled nursing startup. The bulk of Mr. Fleming’s experience was as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Mariner Health Care, Inc.
Schedulicity, Inc. announced the appointment of Joshua Spitzer as CEO. Spitzer previously served as Schedulicity’s COO and CFO.
Capital Group Holdings, Inc. (OTC: CGHC) announced the appointment of Thomas P. Meola as acting Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. Mr. Meola is a certified public accountant in Arizona and is the managing member of Tailor Made Business Solutions PLLC (TMBS). Prior to his appointment at Capital Group, Mr. Meola was Vice President of Financial Operations for Vulcan, Inc., between 2006 and 2010. From 2000 to 2004 Mr. Meola served as Senior Vice President of Financial Systems and Global Purchasing for MasterCard International. Prior to MasterCard, Mr. Meola was Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller of Bowne & Co.
FreightCar America, Inc. (NASDAQ: RAIL) announced the appointment of current Chief Financial Officer Joseph (Joe) E. McNeely to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. McNeely has extensive railcar industry experience and has held the position of Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since 2010. Mr. McNeely joined FreightCar America in 2010 from Mitsui Rail Capital, LLC., where he was Vice President Sales and Marketing. Previously, Mr. McNeely held positions at GATX Corporation, including Vice President Finance for GATX Rail.
K12 Inc. (NYSE: LRN) announced that James Rhyu become Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in early June. Mr. Rhyu joins K12 from Match.com, where he has served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer since 2011. Prior to his roles at Match.com, Mr. Rhyu was a Senior Vice President of Finance at Dow Jones & Company. Previously, Mr. Rhyu served for three years as the Corporate Controller of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its predecessor company, XM Satellite Radio, as well as serving in the same role for Graftech International.
Contec Holdings, Ltd. announced the appointment of Jochen Vogt as its new Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Contec, Mr. Vogt served as Vice President Operations Finance at Verifone (NYSE:PAY). Prior to that time, Mr. Vogt served in a number of Controller and finance positions at Sanmina-SCI, and Nortel Networks.
DICK’s Sporting Goods, Inc. (NYSE: DKS) announced that Andre J. Hawaux will join the company in June, 2013 as Executive Vice President–Finance, Administration and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hawaux was most recently as President, Consumer Foods at ConAgra Foods, Inc.. Previously, he served as ConAgra Foods’ Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2006 to 2009. Prior to ConAgra Foods, Mr. Hawaux served as general manager of a large U.S. division of PepsiAmericas and previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Pepsi-Cola North America and Pepsi International’s China business unit. Mr. Hawaux succeeds Timothy Kullman, who is retiring as previously announced.
Brand USA announced Donald Richardson has joined the organization as chief financial officer.  A former partner with KPMG, Richardson was responsible for spearheading service delivery to several non-Department of Defense (DoD) U.S. government agencies, including the Executive Office of the President, the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and the Department of Agriculture. Following the spinoff of KPMG to BearingPoint, Richardson served as managing director and partner.  Richardson currently serves on the boards of the DC Public Library Foundation, the YMCA of Metropolitan Washington, the District of Columbia Urban League Finance Committee, and the Shiloh Baptist Church.
SnapLogic announced the appointment of Spencer Punter as chief financial officer. Punter joined SnapLogic from Capital Dynamics where he was managing director, head of US venture capital and responsible for oversight of the firm’s West Coast office. Previously, he held venture capital investment positions with Bay Partners, Bowman Capital and Integral Capital Partners. Earlier in his career, he worked in the technology investment banking group at Morgan Stanley. Punter was also co-founder and chief executive of ApexMD.
Callidus Software Inc. (NASDAQ: CALD) announced the appointment of Bob L. Corey to serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, effective as of May 31, 2013. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Corey served as the chief financial officer of FrontRange Solutions USA Inc. since May 2012. Prior to FrontRange, he served in various roles at Extreme Networks, Inc. from July 2009 to March 2011, ultimately as interim chief executive officer and executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to Extreme Networks, Mr. Corey held a variety of executive positions, including executive vice president and chief financial officer, at Thor Technologies, Inc. from May 2003 to January 2006. Mr. Corey currently serves as a member of the board of directors and as chairman of the audit committee for Apigee Corporation. Mr. Corey is replacing Ronald J. Fior, who has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President, Finance & Operations and Chief Financial Officer for the past ten years.
CVS Caremark Corporation (NYSE: CVS) announced that Laird K. Daniels, formerly Senior Vice President – Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, has assumed the role of Senior Vice President – International Operations and Business Development. In his new role Mr. Daniels will report directly to the Registrant’s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Company also announced that David M. Denton, the Registrant’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has assumed the additional roles of Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.
CKX Lands, Inc. (NYSE : CKX) announced that Brian R. Jones was elected Chief Executive Officer and President of CKX Lands, Inc. Mr. Jones also serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of CKX Lands, Inc. and has served in this capacity since 2006. Mr. Jones is a certified public accountant and certified fraud examiner and managing member of Brian R. Jones CPA, LLC
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,386 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:





Walter J Parks - DOB: 1960/08/29 - Cleveland, OH - Ohio Resident Database










Find by:
 Name
 Address





Search











                Ohio Resident Database
            
Names
Addresses


            Other States
            

Colorado
Florida
North Carolina
Oklahoma







Search











Updated

            March 18, 2017
            




            Walter J Parks
        

Voter ID: OH0019729579 | Status:  Active




Born
 August 29, 1960
                



Age
                    56
                






Party Affiliation (Last Vote)







            View Background Check
        



Map and Address
Residence: 1788 W 44TH ST, CLEVELAND OH 44113
        






Individual Details for Walter Parks









General Information



Full Report




                                        View Full Report for Walter
                                    




First/Last Name
Walter Parks


Middle Name
J


Registration Date
October 11, 2016


Registration Status
Active



Addresses



Residential Address

1788 W 44TH ST
                                REAR
                                CLEVELAND OH 44113



Mailing Address




Township











                            How did we obtain this information?
                        
Please see our FAQ to learn how we gather and display this information.


District Information



County
Cuyahoga


Precinct
CLEVELAND-03-C


Precinct Code
18-P-AZM


Congressional District
11


State Representative District
10


State Senate District
21


County Appeal
08


Board of Education
11

















            Previous Record History
            


                    Search Public Records
                





January 23, 2017 »
                Walter J Parks JR »
                Address: 1788 W 44TH ST, CLEVELAND OH 44113 »
                Active





Personal Information



Full Name
WALTER J PARKS JR


Party Affiliation



Gender
 Male


County
Cuyahoga





Addresses



Residential Address

1788 W 44TH ST
                                            REAR
                                            CLEVELAND OH 44113



Mailing Address





District Information


Precinct: CLEVELAND-03-C
                                

Congress: 11
                                

House: 10
                                

Senate: 21
                                

County: Cuyahoga
                                







January 23, 2017 »
                Walter J Parks »
                Address: 1788 W 44TH ST, CLEVELAND OH 44113 »
                Active





Personal Information



Full Name
WALTER J PARKS


Party Affiliation



Gender
 Male


County
Cuyahoga





Addresses



Residential Address

1788 W 44TH ST
                                            REAR
                                            CLEVELAND OH 44113



Mailing Address





District Information


Precinct: CLEVELAND-03-C
                                

Congress: 11
                                

House: 10
                                

Senate: 21
                                

County: Cuyahoga
                                







September 09, 2016 »
                Walter J Parks JR »
                Address: 1788 W 44TH ST, CLEVELAND OH 44113 »
                Active





Personal Information



Full Name
WALTER J PARKS JR


Party Affiliation



Gender
 Male


County
Cuyahoga





Addresses



Residential Address

1788 W 44TH ST
                                            REAR
                                            CLEVELAND OH 44113



Mailing Address





District Information


Precinct: CLEVELAND-03-C
                                

Congress: 11
                                

House: 10
                                

Senate: 21
                                

County: Cuyahoga
                                







August 13, 2016 »
                Walter J Parks JR »
                Address: 1788 W 44TH ST, CLEVELAND OH 44113 »
                Active





Personal Information



Full Name
WALTER J PARKS JR


Party Affiliation



Gender
 Male


County
Cuyahoga





Addresses



Residential Address

1788 W 44TH ST
                                            REAR
                                            CLEVELAND OH 44113



Mailing Address





District Information


Precinct: CLEVELAND-03-C
                                

Congress: 11
                                

House: 10
                                

Senate: 21
                                

County: Cuyahoga
                                










User icons by ballicons

















Hayes State Park - Wikipedia






















 






Hayes State Park

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Walter J. Hayes State Park



IUCN category V (protected landscape/seascape)




Picnic area on Wamplers Lake












Location within the state of Michigan






Location
Lenawee County, Michigan, United States


Nearest city
Onsted, Michigan


Coordinates
42°03′45″N 84°08′15″W﻿ / ﻿42.0625°N 84.1375°W﻿ / 42.0625; -84.1375Coordinates: 42°03′45″N 84°08′15″W﻿ / ﻿42.0625°N 84.1375°W﻿ / 42.0625; -84.1375


Area
654 acres (2.65 km2)


Established
1920s


Governing body
Michigan Department of Natural Resources


www.michigandnr.com/parksandtrails/Details.aspx?id=454&type=SPRK






The entrance sign to the park


Walter J. Hayes State Park is a 654-acre (2.65 km2) state park in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located along US Highway 12 in the Irish Hills region of Lenawee County and extending into small parts of Jackson and Washtenaw counties in the Round Lake area. The park is surrounded by scenic lakes, namely Wamplers, Evans, and Sand lakes, as well as chains of smaller lakes. It is near Cambridge Junction Historic State Park.
First dedicated in the 1920s, Hayes is one of the oldest state parks in Michigan and was originally named "Cedar Hill State Park." It was renamed in honor of Walter J. Hayes, a former Michigan State Senator, after his family donated land to the state for the park.
Facilities and activities[edit]

Fishing: bass, bluegill, pike and other finny creatures inhabit the waters of Wamplers Lake.
Bicycling: Bike lanes along Wamplers Lake Rd./M-124 and adjacent roads.
Camping: a campground has 185 modern sites and a mini cabin.
Boating: a launch is located on Wamplers Lake.
Swimming
Playground
Picnicking

Picnic area
Picnic shelter



See also[edit]

Irish Hills

External links[edit]

Hayes State Park - Michigan DNR
Protected Planet (World Database on Protected Areas) - Hayes State Park
Lenawee County CVB







v
t
e


Parks in metropolitan Detroit



Detroit city



Belle Isle
Campau Park
Campus Martius
Chandler Park
Clark Park
Central Park
Dequindre Cut
International Riverfront
Engel Memorial Park
Ford Park
Fort Wayne
Gabriel Richard Park
Grand Circus
Howell Park
Lafayette Park
Milliken State Park and Harbor
New Center Park
Owen Park
Palmer Park
Patton Park
Reid Memorial Park
Roosevelt Park
River Rouge Park
State Fairgrounds
Three Mile Drive Park








Metro
600 to 1,500 acres (243 to 607 ha)



Addison Oaks
Algonac State Park
Belle Isle
Camp Dearborn
Crosswinds Marsh
Hayes State Park (Irish Hills)
Independence Oaks
Lower Huron
Maybury State Park
Metamora-Hadley Recreation Area
Metro Beach Metropark
Sterling State Park





1,500 to 5,000 acres (607 to 2,023 ha)



Bald Mountain
Brighton Recreation Area
Hines Drive
Hudson Mills
Huron Meadows
Indian Springs
Kensington
Lake Erie Metropark
Pontiac Lake Recreation Area
Oakwoods
Pointe Mouillee State Game Area
Stony Creek Metropark
Wolcott Mill
Willow





over 5,000 acres (2,023 ha)



Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge
Highland Recreation Area
Ortonville Recreation Area
Pinckney State Recreation Area





Waterways



Clinton River
Detroit River (Islands)
Huron River
Lake St. Clair
River Rouge
St. Clair River





Major beaches



Belle Isle
Kensington
Lakeside Beach and Park
Lighthouse Beach and Park
Metro Beach
Stony Creek





Trails
5 to 36 miles (8 to 58 km)



Bald Mountain
Detroit River Walk / Dequindre Cut
Highland Recreation Lakes
Kensington
Lakelands Trail State Park
Novi North Park
Paint Creek Trail
Poly Ann Trail
Pontiac Lake Recreation Area
Stony Creek Inwood Trails
Trails in Detroit
Waterloo-Pinckney Trail





Zoological and botanical



Anna Scripps Whitcomb Conservatory
Cranbrook
Detroit Zoo
Matthaei Botanical Gardens






See also Tourism in metropolitan Detroit and Huron–Clinton Metroparks










v
t
e


Protected areas of Michigan




See also: Important Bird Areas of Michigan



National




Parks



Isle Royale
Keweenaw (Historical)
River Raisin (Battlefield)





Lakeshores



Pictured Rocks
Sleeping Bear Dunes





Landmarks



Au Sable State Forest
Dukes Research Natural Area
Grand Mere State Park
Haven Hill State Natural Area
Newton Woods
Porcupine Mountains
Roscommon Virgin Pine Stand
Strangmoor Bog
Tobico Marsh
Toumey Woods
Warren Woods State Park
Waterloo State Recreation Area





Forests



Hiawatha
Huron-Manistee
Ottawa





Wildlife Refuges



Detroit River
Harbor Island
Huron
Kirtlands Warbler Wildlife Management Area
Michigan Islands
Michigan Wetland Management District
Seney
Shiawassee





Other



Father Marquette National Memorial
Grand Island National Recreation Area
Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area
Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary








State




Parks



Algonac
Aloha
Baraga
Belle Isle
Bewabic
Brimley
Burt Lake
Cambridge Junction
Cheboygan
Clear Lake
Coldwater Lake
Craig Lake
Dodge #4
Duck Lake
Fayette
Fisherman's Island
Fort Michilimackinac
Fort Wilkins
Grand Haven
Grand Mere
Harrisville
Hart-Montague Trail
Hartwick Pines
Hayes
Hoeft
Hoffmaster
Holland
Indian Lake
Interlochen
Kal-Haven Trail
Lake Gogebic
Lakelands Trail
Lakeport
Leelanau
Ludington
Mackinac Island
Maybury
McLain
Mears
Meridian-Baseline
Mill Creek
Mitchell
Muskallonge Lake
Muskegon
Negwegon
Newaygo
North Higgins Lake
Onaway
Orchard Beach
Otsego Lake
Palms Book
Petoskey
Porcupine Mountains
Port Crescent
Rockport
Sanilac Petroglyphs
Saugatuck Dunes
Seven Lakes
Silver Lake
Sleeper
Sleepy Hollow
South Higgins Lake
Sterling
Straits
Tahquamenon Falls
Tawas Point
Thompson's Harbor
Traverse City
Twin Lakes
Van Buren
Van Buren Trail
Van Riper
Warren Dunes
Warren Woods
Watkins Lake and County Preserve
Wells
White Pine Trail
Wilderness
William G. Milliken
Wilson
Young





Recreation
Areas



Bald Mountain
Bass River
Bay City
Brighton
Fort Custer
Highland
Holly
Ionia
Island Lake
Lake Hudson
Menominee River
Metamora-Hadley
Ortonville
Pinckney
Pontiac Lake
Proud Lake
Rifle River
Waterloo
Wetzel
Yankee Springs





Forests



Au Sable
Copper Country
Escanaba River
Lake Superior
Mackinaw
Pere Marquette





Underwater
Preserves



Alger
De Tour Passage
Grand Traverse Bay
Keweenaw
Manitou Passage
Marquette
Sanilac Shores
Southwest Michigan
Straits of Mackinac
Thumb Area
Whitefish Point





Other
(inc. game areas)



Agate Falls Scenic Site
Allegan State Game Area
Bond Falls Scenic Site
Laughing Whitefish Falls Scenic Site
Michigan Islands Wilderness Area
Pointe Mouillee State Game Area
Ralph A. MacMullan Conference Center
Sturgeon Point Light
Wagner Falls Scenic Site











  Category
  Commons
Detroit
Grand Rapids
Michigan Department of Natural Resources










This Jackson County, Michigan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Lenawee County, Michigan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Washtenaw County, Michigan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_State_Park&oldid=750365677"					
Categories: IUCN Category VProtected areas of Jackson County, MichiganProtected areas of Lenawee County, MichiganState parks of MichiganProtected areas of Washtenaw County, MichiganSoutheast Michigan geography stubsHidden categories: Coordinates on WikidataAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Cebuano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 November 2016, at 07:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






