 




www.zoominfo.com | 502: Bad gateway

















Error
502
Ray ID: 38559fd7516d0bab • 2017-07-28 06:01:32 UTC

Bad gateway









You
Browser
Working






Hong Kong
Cloudflare
Working






www.zoominfo.com
Host
Error







What happened?
The web server reported a bad gateway error.


What can I do?
Please try again in a few minutes.





Cloudflare Ray ID: 38559fd7516d0bab
•
Your IP: 35.194.128.189
•
Performance & security by Cloudflare







Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Donald  Parker in          Rapid City, SD
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search






We did not find Donald  Parker in          Rapid City, SD
   


         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Donald T. Parker - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Donald T. Parker
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at BOK Financial Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Donald T. Parker? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Donald T. Parker's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Donald T. Parker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Donald T. Parker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Donald T. Parker through your network of contacts.
												








Donald T. Parker's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, 
BOK Financial Corporation


Past
To view Donald T. Parker's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Donald T. Parker's Biography



Donald T. Parker, age 56, is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of BOK Financial. Mr. Parker joined BOK Financial in 2005 and is responsible for technology, information security, operations, real estate management, and procurement for BOK Financial. Prior to joining BOK Financial, Mr. Parker was Senior Vice President and Director of Information Services at Comerica Bank where he was responsible for leading technology-related functions and also served as the corporate information security officer. Before that, Mr. Parker was Senior Vice President and General Manager of Consolidation Services at National City Incorporated in ...
(Read More)

			Donald T. Parker, age 56, is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of BOK Financial. Mr. Parker joined BOK Financial in 2005 and is responsible for technology, information security, operations, real estate management, and procurement for BOK Financial. Prior to joining BOK Financial, Mr. Parker was Senior Vice President and Director of Information Services at Comerica Bank where he was responsible for leading technology-related functions and also served as the corporate information security officer. Before that, Mr. Parker was Senior Vice President and General Manager of Consolidation Services at National City Incorporated in Cleveland, Ohio.
		
Source: BOK Financial Corporation on 03/15/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Donald T. Parker's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Donald T. Parker. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Donald T. Parker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Donald T. Parker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Donald T. Parker through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Donald T. Parker


















Donald T. Parker's Connections (65)





Sign up now to view Donald T. Parker's 65 connections »









Thomas S. Swiley
Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer, LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc.









Edward C. Joullian
Board Member, BOK Financial Corporation









Douglas D. Hawthorne
Board Member, BOK Financial Corporation









David L. Kyle
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.









John W. Gibson
Chairman of the Board and Former Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.









Stanley A. Lybarger
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, BOK Financial Corporation









Michael C. Turpen
Board Member, BOK Financial Corporation









Robert J. LaFortune
Board Member, BOK Financial Corporation









Alan S. Armstrong
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, The Williams Companies, Inc.









Chester E. Cadieux
Board Member, BOK Financial Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Parker Donald T Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Parker Donald T
                    

•   TULSA, OK
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Parker Donald T is based out of Tulsa.    WhaleWisdom has at least 11 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Parker Donald T. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Parker Donald T, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




parker donald t


C/O FREDERIC DORWART LAWYERS

TULSA
OK
                                                        
                                                    74103


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      9185953025
SEC SIC CODE:6021-NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 05/15/2017
4 filed on 05/11/2017
5 filed on 02/14/2017
4 filed on 01/17/2017
4 filed on 01/12/2017
4 filed on 01/05/2017
4 filed on 11/23/2016
5 filed on 02/11/2016
4 filed on 01/11/2016
4 filed on 01/04/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















                           Are you starting to soften on Donald Trump? Don’t. - The Washington Post                                                                         2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off      Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post   Turn on desktop notifications?  Yes Not now    It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them.                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                    Opinions Are you starting to soften on Donald Trump? Don’t.            The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks to supporters during a rally in St. Louis on March 11. (Michael B. Thomas/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)     By Kathleen Parker  By Kathleen Parker   Opinion writer March 11, 2016  Follow @kathleenparker      As Donald Trump continues to surge forward as the most-likely Republican nominee, perfectly sane people are beginning to wonder: “Was there something we missed? Maybe he’s not really so bad.” Shed that self-doubt and purge the thought. You’re not wrong — and he’s that bad. Just ask the Breitbart reporter who was roughed up at a recent Trump rally. And she’s one of the “good” people. Imagine what happens to his critics once a Trump presidency takes shape.  Nothing makes Trump more acceptable today than yesterday or last week — or six months ago. He is still a boastful, volatile, misogynistic, race-baiting, willfully and strategically ignorant, exploitative fear-monger who is guided by profit over principle and whose hair-trigger temperament has the world on edge. Never mind that he has begun softening his tone or walking back some of his more radical statements. Seeking redemption through press release, he now says he wouldn’t order the military to hunt down and kill the families of terrorists.  But he did think and say such a thing. We know his mind and yet many people are willing to shrug off such dangerous deliriums as, oh, that’s just Trump spouting off. Or, as I’ve heard, “Well, you can understand why he feels that way.” No, not really.      Former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson endorsed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday, March 11 in Palm Beach, Fla., saying he feels "philosophical and spiritual alignment" with the frontrunner. (Reuters)   That rational objections seem not to matter to a third of the Republican Party, including a swath of evangelicals, reflects our sadly degraded culture. From Bill Clinton’s cigar explorations to Trump’s musings about menstrual cycles, anything goes. We’re all trapped in one big sleazy reality show, no longer spectators but fellow actors with people we can’t stand. Nevertheless, politicians are beginning to pivot toward Trump, despite having found him reprehensible five minutes earlier. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions and Ben Carson have all surrendered their own good conscience, apparently for whatever access or privilege may accrue to them. Even the three other remaining GOP candidates have pledged to support the man they still find reprehensible. Will they, like Carson, discover and befriend the “real” Trump after the chads have all been unhung? Perhaps Carson hopes to become surgeon general in a Trump administration — or education secretary, as Trump hinted during a news conference following Carson’s endorsement.  Maybe Christie and Sessions both hope to become attorney general. Anyone who believes Trump will do any of the things he has promised might want to ask Carson about brain surgery. The commentariat, too, is beginning to turn. You’ll notice a softening of criticism, a leaning toward the possible next president of the United States. Again, the bottom line in Washington is access — to the White House, the president and, hardly least, Palm Beach. Even the brilliantly irreverent Camille Paglia wrote recently that she was wrong about Trump, whom she earlier had called a carnival barker. Now, though she thinks he may still be a barker, she finds his candor and impetuousness refreshing.  Whatever one hopes or wishes to believe about him, Trump is still terrible for the country and, therefore, the world. It should concern us that other nations are worried — and not in a good way. David Ignatius, The Post’s leading foreign affairs commentator, recently said that international leaders, including our allies, are cornering him to ask how the world might look under a President Trump. To such concerns, Trump responds that he can be as presidential as anybody — whatever this means. That Trump knows how to use a finger bowl? That he can hold his tongue and resist the urge to defend the dimensions of his endowment?  Who knows? Every day is a new day for Trump, who believes whatever wispy notion flits past his periphery while his lips purse around the words, “Believe me.” Never believe anyone who says, “Believe me.”  There has always been a balance among our nation’s governing institutions. No one was ever perfectly satisfied, but at least we had a sense that the country would remain fundamentally stable. Elsewhere, other nations could reasonably rely upon the United States to be a certain kind of country — not perfect but always striving toward a more perfect union.  With Trump at the helm, given his own vows and threats, this balance feels at risk. His so-called refreshing candor has the power to rock markets and collapse nations. His deal-making prowess notwithstanding, Trump would be a destabilizing force both here and abroad.  The only real strength of Trump’s candidacy has been to expose and shame the cowards and opportunists among us. Remember them.   Read more from Kathleen Parker’s archive, follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook.    Read more on this topic:   Michael Gerson: The dangerous worldview at the core of Trump’s intimidation   David Ignatius: The brand of Trump: His business record doesn’t match the luster   The Post’s View: GOP leaders, you must do everything in your power to stop Trump              opinions   Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters      true     The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters.   Try 1 month for 99¢             Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Kathleen Parker writes a twice-weekly column on politics and culture. She received the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary In 2010.  Follow @kathleenparker                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1    Opinion  The worst is yet to come       2    Opinion  It’s time to start thinking about the unthinkable       3    Opinion  The most appalling line in Scaramucci’s rant contained zero profanity       4    Opinion  Sean Spicer was right about Anthony Scaramucci       5    Opinion  Say hello to a post-America world            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   opinions       Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     





Electromechanical and Drives Division Europe  - Parker






















































  



















Keyword

Part number





Search












×
Search


Invalid search criteria


Close










		  Electromechanical and Drives Division Europe
		

































































A global automation solutions provider 
Parker Electromechanical and Drives Division engineers and manufactures an extensive range of electromechanical motion control components and systems, partnering with our customers to increase their productivity and profitability.





























































 
FEATURED PRODUCT CATEGORIES


Motion and Machine ControllersDrives and InvertersElectric Linear ActuatorsGantry Robots and Textile SystemsRotary and Linear Electric MotorsPlanetary GearboxesElectric CylindersLinear Positioning Tables and StagesVisualization and Human Machine Interface (HMI)


 View All Products








Software Downloads / Support


        








CAD and EPLAN Macros


           













featured news




December 02 , 2016



New Servo Fan kit from Parker increases motor torque by 25%






September 26 , 2016



Evolution of Parker’s AC30 series offers greater communication capabilities for even further application flexibility






August 05 , 2016



Parker’s Servonet DC decentralised double-axis servo drive features IP67 housing






View All News > 















FOLLOW US



 Parker Electromechanical & Drives: 


  
  
  
  





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












