











Parker Kevin T | Marsing ID | Read Reviews + Get a Free Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Parker Kevin T?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Parker Kevin T
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






P







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Parker Kevin T, update license info here.



 Marsing, ID 








Parker Kevin T




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Parker Kevin T, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Find a Pro

 



Updated: Jan 22, 2016





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of Idaho contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Parker Kevin T, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Parker Kevin T Works


Google




Contact




Street Address: 413 Mt View Drive, Marsing, ID 83639 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









701 S Allen St. Ste. 104, Meridian, ID 83642
(208) 505-9267 ext. 100


Hubble Homes LLC
 



License # RCE-49


Meridian, ID







125

BZ Score


$119K
Avg Project 


448
Projects














42 N Burlington Dr , Nampa, ID 83687

(208) 505-9267 ext. 425


Estep Builders, Inc




License # RCE-5413


Nampa, ID




5

4
ratings
 







124

BZ Score


$2K
Avg Project 


14
Projects














212 E 34th St, Boise, ID 83714
(208) 505-9267 ext. 115


Allstate Electric Inc




License # ELE-C-2687


Boise, ID







124

BZ Score


$1K
Avg Project 


112
Projects













Parker Kevin T Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Parker Kevin T. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Parker Kevin T










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Parker Kevin T,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Parker Kevin T








125


Hubble Homes LLC







124


Estep Builders, Inc







124


Allstate Electric Inc






Request a Quote







License info







Inactive License





License Number: RCT-12615
Status: Inactive
State: Idaho
According to the State of Idaho Bureau Of Occupational Licenses, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Parker Kevin T at the State of Idaho Bureau Of Occupational Licenses.










ALERT*Score





BuildZoom ScoreHow the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are Parker Kevin T, update license info here.








Follow this contractor














×
Contact Parker Kevin T
We will attempt to deliver your message to Parker Kevin T. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.











































































Kevin T. Parker - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kevin T. Parker
Former President and CEO at Deltek


View Full Profile
Are you Kevin T. Parker? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin T. Parker's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin T. Parker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin T. Parker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin T. Parker through your network of contacts.
												








Kevin T. Parker's Executive Work History


Past
To view Kevin T. Parker's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Clarkson University


Age
57

 
 


Kevin T. Parker's Biography



Kevin T. Parker has been a director since July 2013. Since June 2013, Mr. Parker has served as co-founder and senior operating principal of Bridge Growth Partners, LLC. Bridge Growth Partners, LLC is a structured growth-oriented private equity firm that focuses on investments in the technology and financial services sectors. Mr. Parker served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Deltek, Inc., a provider of enterprise software applications, from June 2005 to December 2012 and as Chairman of the board of directors of Deltek from April 2006 to December 2012. As Deltek's Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Parker was named Ernst & Young Entrepren ...
(Read More)

			Kevin T. Parker has been a director since July 2013. Since June 2013, Mr. Parker has served as co-founder and senior operating principal of Bridge Growth Partners, LLC. Bridge Growth Partners, LLC is a structured growth-oriented private equity firm that focuses on investments in the technology and financial services sectors. Mr. Parker served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Deltek, Inc., a provider of enterprise software applications, from June 2005 to December 2012 and as Chairman of the board of directors of Deltek from April 2006 to December 2012. As Deltek's Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Parker was named Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2012 in the software services category in Greater Washington, D.C. Prior to joining Deltek, Mr. Parker served as Co-President of PeopleSoft, Inc., an enterprise application software company, from October 2004 to December 2004, as Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of PeopleSoft from January 2002 to October 2004, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PeopleSoft from October 2000 to December 2001. Prior to joining PeopleSoft, Mr. Parker served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1999 to 2000 at Aspect Communications Corporation, a customer relationship management software company. Mr. Parker served on the board of directors of Polycom, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of unified communications and collaboration solutions for voice and video collaboration, from January 2005 to February 2016. Mr. Parker holds a bachelor of science degree in accounting from Clarkson University and sits on its board of trustees. The board of directors believes that Mr. Parker's experience as an audit committee financial expert and a recognized technology industry leader with significant senior management and operational experience allows him to make valuable contributions to the board of directors.
		
Source: Cvent, Inc. on 04/06/2012
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin T. Parker's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kevin T. Parker. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin T. Parker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin T. Parker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin T. Parker through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kevin T. Parker


















Kevin T. Parker's Connections (141)





Sign up now to view Kevin T. Parker's 141 connections »









David G. DeWalt
Executive Chairman of the Board, FireEye, Inc.









Beatriz V. Infante
Board Member, Liquidity Services, Inc.









Aneel Bhusri
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Workday, Inc.









Eric F. Brown
Board Member, Electronics for Imaging, Inc.









A. George Battle
Chairman of the Board, Fair Isaac Corporation









Nanci E. Caldwell
Board Member, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce









Cynthia A. Russo
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Cvent, Inc.









Stanley J. Meresman
Board Member, Palo Alto Networks, Inc.









Craig A. Conway
Board Member, Salesforce









Norman A. Fogelsong
Former Board Member, Marketo, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	SUCK IT UP Trademark of Kevin T. Parker. Serial Number: 85698006 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Light Beverage Products
SUCK IT UP










 
Get FREE email alerts













SUCK IT UP  Trademark Information
 Kevin T. Parker
Energy drinks; Energy drinks enhanced with vitamins, minerals, and nutrients; Sports drinks, namely, energy drinks




Perfect for these industries

Light Beverage Products 





Words that describe this mark
energy   drinks   energy   drinks   enhanced   vitamins      minerals      nutrients   sports   drinks         energy   drinks    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SUCK IT UP trademark by Kevin T. Parker 
                                in Heath, TX, 75032.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SUCK IT UP trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Kevin T. Parker of the SUCK IT UP trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SUCK IT UP trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, August 8, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SUCK IT UP by 
                        Kevin T. Parker, Heath, TX  75032.
                        The USPTO has given the SUCK IT UP 
                        trademark serial  number of  85698006.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SUCK IT UP is 
                        
                        
                                            DAVID W. CARSTENS of 
                                            CARSTENS & CAHOON, LLP,  PO BOX 802334, DALLAS, TX 75380-2334 
                                .
                            The SUCK IT UP trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Light Beverage Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SUCK IT UP 
                            is Energy drinks; Energy drinks enhanced with vitamins, minerals, and nutrients; Sports drinks, namely, energy drinks. 
                            





Word mark:
 SUCK IT UP


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/27/2014



  Serial Number:  
85698006


  Filing Date:  
8/8/2012


 Registration Number:  
4538576 


 Registration Date:  
5/27/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Energy drinks; Energy drinks enhanced with vitamins, minerals, and nutrients; Sports drinks, namely, energy drinks


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/22/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Kevin T. ParkerHeath, TX  75032
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DAVID W. CARSTENS
CARSTENS & CAHOON, LLP
PO BOX 802334
DALLAS, TX 75380-2334






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (032) - Beers; mineral and aerated waters and other nonalcoholic drinks; fruit drinks and fruit juices; syrups and other preparations for making beverages. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SUCK IT UP trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/27/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DAVID W. CARSTENS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SUCK IT UP trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search suckitup on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SUCK IT UP 




SUCK IT UP is providing Energy drinks; Energy drinks enhanced with vitamins, minerals, and nutrients; Sports drinks, namely, energy drinks.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Devin T Parker - Escondido, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Devin T Parker in Escondido, CA


Devin T Parker

                                                                           Intelius found that Devin T Parker  is  a male between 20 and 30 years old from Escondido, CA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Devin T Parker is in his 20s

Devin Has Lived In

Escondido, CA
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA

Devin's Relatives

Michael Parker







Devin T Parker



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Commercial Sales Director at Horizonsolarpower.com



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Devin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Devin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Devin T Parker
Get a Criminal Check on Devin T Parker
Get a Public Record Report on Devin T Parker
Get a People Search Report on Devin T Parker


Devin T Parker's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Devin T Parker has lived as well as Devin T Parker's phone numbers and email addresses.




Devin T Parker Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Devin T Parker


280 C***** D* 

Escondido, CA


Has Lived In

Escondido, CA
San Antonio, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Devin T Parker

(619) ***-**** - Bonita, CA 
(619) ***-**** - Chula Vista, CA 
(951) ***-**** - Hemet, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Devin T Parker



Get Email Report




Devin T Parker's Professional Information
Information regarding Devin T Parker's professional history.  Find out previous places Devin T Parker has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Devin T Parker Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Horizonsolarpower.com
               Title: Commercial Sales Director
Company: KACO Solar Inc
               Title: Regional Sales Manager
Devin T Parker's Experience
Title: Commercial Sales Director
               Company: Horizonsolarpower.com
Job Details

Title: Regional Sales Manager
               Company: KACO Solar Inc
Job Details
               KACO new energy is amongst the world's largest manufacturers of solar inverters. With offices in 16 countries, the company offers inverters for every array size from the smallest homes to the largest solar farms of hundreds of Megawatts. KACO new energy is based in Neckarsulm, near Stuttgart, Germany and the production facilities there, in the Americas and Asia have supplied around 7 Gigawatts of inverters since 1999. The company was the first inverter manufacturer to achieve fully carbon-neutral production and is rapidly heading towards power self-sufficiency. KACO new energy also supplies energy storage systems and battery inverters, as well as inverters for PV-Diesel hybrid systems and combined heat and power plants. In 2014, KACO new energy celebrated the centenary of the original company which was one of the first suppliers of inverters in the late 1930s. Read more at www.kaco-newenergy.com
Additional Professional Information on Devin T Parker

 See Devin T Parker's LinkedIn Profile



Devin T Parker's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Devin T Parker


Devin T Parker's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Devin T Parker's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Devin Parker
Username Matches

                  DevinParker
                  ParkerDevin
                  Devin.Parker
                  Parker.Devin
                  Devin_Parker
                  Parker_Devin
                  Devin-Parker
                  Parker-Devin
                  DParker
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Parker







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















Kevin Parker Phone Number | Kevin Parker Address  - Page 4 | PeopleSmart





































PEOPLE
PHONE
EMAIL
ADDRESS















Find:







Location:






 Search


		Advanced Search
		




 






















18-25
26-39
40-49
50-59
60+











Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming







 
Search


		Basic Search
			





Phone:







 Search



Email:







 Search



Street:







City, State:






 Search







Sign In
Plans & Pricing





Sign In


Plans & Pricing


About


Blog


Help









 Kevin Parker
 Find Contact Information, Public Records, and Much More.

				Showing 61 – 80 of 99 Results
			




					Name
				

					Age
				

					Locations
				

					Possible Relations
				

					Complete Details
				






Top States
						






Arizona


California


Colorado


District of Columbia


Florida


Georgia


Iowa


Idaho


Illinois


Kansas


Kentucky


Washington



Show More Hide States












Kevin Alan Parker




Mid 30s

Why is age approximate?



				We show an approximate age to help you find the right person. As part of our commitment to privacy we protect people’s exact ages and birth dates.
			


Hide


 




Location

Boulder, CO
Semmes, AL
Montgomery, AL
Longmont, CO
Mobile, AL



Relatives


Craig Parker


Marvin Alan Parker


Richard W Parker


Teani R Parker








That's The One











Kevin S Parker




Mid 30s




Location

Santa Monica, CA
Chicago, IL
Los Angeles, CA



Relatives


Amy E Dering


Craig Steven Parker


Elizabeth A Parker


Hannah Dorothy Parker


Linda D Parker








That's The One

















Kevin Hale Parker




Mid 30s




Location

Tacoma, WA
Cumming, GA
Algonquin, IL



Relatives


Angela J Abbott


Sara L Pallansch


Ben S Parker


Christopher H Parker


Christopher B Parker








That's The One











Kevin C Parker




Late 30s




Location

Roselle, IL
Chicago, IL



Relatives


Anthony B Parker


Derrick D Parker


Eleanor Louise Parker


Kenneth C Parker


Krystal C Parker








That's The One











Kevin Howard Parker




Late 30s




Location

Beverly Hills, CA
West Hollywood, CA
View Park, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Atlanta, GA



Relatives


Fred Howard Parker Jr


Kimberly M Parker


Yolanda M Parker








That's The One











Kevin Andrew Parker

K Parker



Early 60s




Location

Indianola, IA



Relatives


Rachael Christine Johnson


Mary K Ludwig


John Paul Parker


Margaret Ann Parker


Ross A Parker








That's The One











Kevin R Parker




Late 50s




Location

Gainesville, GA
College Park, GA
Atlanta, GA
Alpharetta, GA



Relatives


Violet A Franklin Sr


Andrea M Lewis


Alica L Parker


Jeffrey B Parker


Kevin Ray Parker








That's The One











Kevin Parker




Mid 30s




Location

Junction City, KS
Fort Riley, KS
Albany, GA
Orlando, FL



Relatives


James Joel Parker


Terrance Parker


Rocelyn Bernice Rodgers








That's The One











Kevin Parker




Mid 40s




Location

West Palm Beach, FL
Riviera Beach, FL



Relatives


Brenda A Lewin


Arthur A Parker Jr


Artis J Parker


Artrice J Parker


Bernard J Parker Jr








That's The One











Kevin Arnold Parker




Early 50s




Location

Plumas Lake, CA
Citrus Heights, CA
Sacramento, CA



Relatives


Judith A Parker


Christine Regina Scheer








That's The One











Kevin S Parker




Early 30s




Location

Arvada, CO
Golden, CO
Mystic, CT
Denver, CO
Washington, DC



Relatives


Kristen M Kane


Donald G Parker


Martha S Parker


Nancy Parker


Stacey L Parker








That's The One











Kevin E Parker

K Parker



Early 50s




Location

Washington, DC



Relatives


Sheila Dennis


Anthony J Parker


Barbara A Parker


Carrie Yvonne Parker


David Lewis Parker








That's The One











Kevin L Parker

Kelvin Louis Parker



Early 40s




Location

Fort Myers, FL
Arcadia, FL



Relatives


Calvin L Parker


Della Lee Parker


Della D Parker


Eason J Parker Jr


Gwendolyn Loretta Parker








That's The One











Kevin D Parker




Late 30s




Location

Phoenix, AZ



Relatives


Anne Theresa Parker


Dayleen L Parker


Florence L Parker


Holly Parker


Kenneth D Parker








That's The One











Kevin Copeland Parker

Kevin R Parker



Late 20s




Location

Kissimmee, FL
Lakeland, FL



Relatives


Ashley K Parker


David N Parker


Elizabeth I Parker


Kyle Courtney Parker








That's The One











Kevin R Parker

Kevin P Harris
Kevin Parker Harris
Kevin P Parker Mcclain
Kevin Parkermcclai



Passed away in 2012 (Mid 50s)




Location

Madera, CA
Fresno, CA
Salinas, CA



Relatives


Linda Jean Bourbon


Cammie V Harris


Corey Jermaine Harris


David Lewis Harris Sr


Debora A Harris








That's The One











Kevin A Parker

Kevin L Parker



N/A




Location

Braselton, GA
Lawrenceville, GA
Bethlehem, GA
Killeen, TX



Relatives


Helen F Parker


James Robert Parker


James N Parker


Kimberly M Parker








That's The One











Kevin R Parker




N/A




Location

Lewiston, ID
Auburn, WA
Graham, WA
Federal Way, WA



Relatives


Heidi R Headworth


Carol M Parker


Cathrena Parker


Judith Lee Parker


Judith L Parker








That's The One











Kevin Daniel Parker




N/A




Location

Frankfort, KY



Relatives


Brad E Parker


Danny Ray Parker


David W Parker


Gary Eugene Parker Jr


Janie M Parker








That's The One











Kevin A Parker




N/A




Location

Clovis, CA
Fresno, CA



Relatives


Beatrice L Parker


Marlene J Parker


Deborah D Villegas








That's The One








1
2
3
4
5




ADVERTISING


















Prop Store - Ultimate Movie Collectables



























24


                Kevin Parker's C.T.U. Identification Badge
            
Stock # 52426

























Share









Description


Kevin Parker's C.T.U. Identification Badge from the hit American television series, 24. This badge was worn by a background CTU agent during the events taking place at CTU in New York.
The front of this badge features a photo of Parker on the left side, and a scan of his fingerprint on the right. Beneath this, his name, CTU, and a bar-code have been printed. The back of the badge includes a faux magnetic strip, as well as the legal restrictions the badge entitles the owner to. The top of the badge has an oval cut out, allowing it to be attached to a lanyard.
This item features some signs of wear from production use, including a few minor scratches, but remains in overall excellent condition.

This item comes with a Prop Store Certificate of Authenticity.




Price


                Location:
                
                
                    



                    
                    
                        
                        £149 / $195
                    
                
Add to cart
Shipping quote





Payment Plan Calculator
Buy now Kevin Parker's C.T.U. Identification Badge for only £149.00 / $195.00
                            Interest Free
How many months:

Two Months
Three Months
Four Months




















About Us
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions


Click to go to
                
                    desktop view

Copyright © 1998-2017 Prop Store Ltd





Facebook share links


Would you like to share links to the product items you are buying?
Yes
No






























































Parker Hannifin - Careers





 









Home
Investors
Contact Parker
Sign In / Register 
My Account
Sign Out

Quote






Select Language                     
English
Español
Français





Choose Your Country







Keyword

Part number



Search

















Products





Aerospace Systems and Technologies  

Air Preparation (FRL) and Dryers  

Cylinders and Actuators  

EMI Shielding  

Filters, Separators, Purifiers  

Fittings and Quick Couplings  



Gas Generators  

Hose, Piping, Tubing and T-slot Framing  

Medical and Dental Equipment  

Motors, Drives and Controllers  

Power Take Offs and Drive Systems  

Pumps  



Refrigeration and Air Conditioning  

Regulators, Flow Control and Measurement  

Seals and O-Rings  

Thermal and Power Management  

Valves  

PTS




Support

Divisions


Where to Buy
Careers

About Parker


About Parker

CompanyCultureGlobal OperationsHistoryInnovationIntegrity and EthicsNewsroomParker CommunitiesStrategySustainabilityTerms and ConditionsThe CLARCOR AcquisitionVideo GalleryWorking with Parker










HomeCareers













Career - Homepage
CAREERS

Careers




Career CategoryCareer PathsJob SearchOn CampusWorking at Parker







Careers 



Together, we can solve the world’s greatest engineering challenges. This is a responsibility we take seriously, and one that requires more than just the brightest engineers in the world. It takes talented and committed accountants, marketing and salespeople, supply chain managers, information technology specialists, human resource experts and manufacturing professionals. Join the Parker team and realize your future in solving the world’s greatest engineering challenges. We’re looking for inspired communicators, resourceful problem solvers, inquisitive thinkers and dedicated professionals who want to learn and grow with us.



Working at Parker
A Parker employee makes a positive impact on the world, and in turn, we strive to make a positive impact on the lives of our employees.



Career Paths
It takes a strong and cohesive team to solve the world’s greatest engineering challenges, so Parker consistently seeks the top talent from all professional disciplines.



On Campus
As a global company emphasizing empowerment and offering tremendous opportunities, Parker is a great place for outstanding graduates to start their career. 



Job Search
Browse Parker job postings by region to find opportunities available in your area. 














Company Overview

 Parker College Recruiting

 Application Assistance
Click here if you are a person with a disability and need special assistance applying. 


 
 


 













Parker Hannifin



Products
About Parker
Investors
Community
Careers


 



Global Operations



Divisions
Sales Companies
Worldwide Locations
Distribution Network
ParkerStore™ Network


 



Company Information



Newsroom
Event Calendar
Working with Parker
Product Brands
History


 



Global Support Center



Support
CAD
Where to Buy
Contact Parker


 











© Parker Hannifin Corp 2017


Site Map
Safety
Privacy Policies

Terms and Conditions


 








 

























Clarkson University: Kevin Parker Receives Clarkson University's Top Alumni Honor

























Quick LinksMenuSearchinformation forClarkson StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsSupport CUParents & FamilyK-12 ProgramsPeople SoftMoodleEmailMyFilesLibrariesSASSustainabilitySocial MediaGiving

Quick Links

Deposit NowApply NowRequest InfoDirectoryContact Us









About ClarksonAcademicsAdmissionLife at ClarksonAthletics and RecreationNews and EventsWelcomeHistory & FactsMission, Vision & ValuesAdministrationTake a closer look at our stats, accolades and facts that reflect why Clarkson delivers a great return on education; how our mission, vision, values and plans for the future honor our history; the university leaders who bring perspective and expertise to our boundary-spanning education; and our appreciation of a global community that compels us to engage in solutions and innovative technologies to create real wealth for society.READ MOREUndergraduate Majors & MinorsGraduate & Professional ProgramsLibraries & TechnologyResearch & InnovationThrough more than 50 rigorous programs of study in engineering, business, science, health, environmental studies and liberal arts, we offer pre-collegiate, undergraduate, graduate and professional education programs.  Find out more about our faculty and academic departments, explore majors and minors, see how we couple research discovery and engineering innovation with enterprise, and connect to people, library resources and services that underpin the Clarkson experience.READ MOREUndergraduate AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsGraduate & Professional ProgramsEarly College Program: The Clarkson SchoolWanted:  Competitive collaborators, thinkers, doers, dreamers and believers who want to go beyond the status quo and join teams creating what’s next. The Clarkson experience is designed for talented and ambitious students who want a hands-on and global ready education.   The results lead to accelerated career opportunities, rewarding and creative personal lives, and deep lifetime connections.  Are you ready? Meet our admissions team and explore your options.READ MOREMeet Our StudentsClubs & ActivitiesExplore The RegionOffice of Student AffairsClarkson is a great place to learn, live and work.  Follow what is happening in residence life; our clubs and organizations; connections to employers and alumni; ROTC and service organizations; international and cooperative education experiences; student services and personal advising; health and wellness; campus safety and regulations; and ways for families to stay involved.READ MOREAbout Athletics and RecreationIntercollegiate Athletics, Intramurals and RecreationOutdoor RecreationHealth &  WellnessGo Golden Knights! Join in Clarkson’s competitive tradition through 20 men's and women's varsity teams, along with numerous intramural and club sports and a wide variety of fitness classes and organized outdoor activities.  More than 80 percent of Clarkson students join intramural teams competing in soccer, football, broomball, 3-on-3 basketball, 5-on-5 basketball, ice hockey, volleyball and indoor soccer. Check on schedules, scores, rosters, hours of operations, traditions and more.READ MORECalendar of EventsNews ReleasesClarkson in the NewsPublicity RequestsGet publicity for your story or check out our news releases, Clarkson news clips, social media conversations, photo galleries and extensive calendar of on and off campus events, meetings, symposia, sports and more.  See why at Clarkson we are the place and time to defy convention by continually asking “What’s next?” The answers can come from anywhere—undergraduates, graduate students, faculty, staff and alumni—and we expect (and respect) the unexpected.READ MORE



HomeNews2011Kevin Parker Receives Clarkson University's Top Alumni Honor



News & Events


Share This Page 



Print This Page



Search News:Filter news by ...SchoolSchool of Arts & SciencesSchool of BusinessWallace H. Coulter School of EngineeringInstitute for a Sustainable EnvironmentEarly College Program: The Clarkson SchoolYear20162015201420132012201120102009Previous Years
In this Section

Today's Headlines
Clarkson Magazine
Calendars
Clarkson in the News


For the Media

Faculty Experts Guide
Maps & Directions



For Faculty & Staff

Publicity Request Form



Contact Marketing & External Relations

Office Location:
315 Science Center
Mailing Address:
Clarkson University
Box 5535
Phone: 315/268-4483




08-11-2011Kevin Parker Receives Clarkson University's Top Alumni HonorKevin T. Parker of Clifton, Va., president and CEO of Deltek Inc., has received the Golden Knight Award from his alma mater, Clarkson University.

Presented each year during Reunion Weekend, Clarkson's most prestigious alumni award is given to alumni who have distinguished themselves either by service to Clarkson through Alumni Association activities or have demonstrated outstanding career achievement, bringing distinction to themselves and to Clarkson.

Parker received his bachelor of science degree in accounting from Clarkson University in 1981. He is the president and CEO of Deltek Inc., a leading provider of enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions for project-based businesses and professional services firms.
   
Prior to joining Deltek, Parker was co-president and CFO of PeopleSoft until the company’s acquisition by Oracle. During his tenure, he led the efforts to dramatically increase PeopleSoft’s operating margin and was involved in all facets of the business. He was also the architect and driving force behind PeopleSoft’s innovative customer assurance plan (CAP).

Before PeopleSoft, he held senior executive positions with Aspects Communications, a leading provider of contact center solutions and services that enable businesses to manage and optimize customer communications, and Fijitsu Computer Products of America, a leading provider of data storage and imaging solutions for the global marketplace.

In 2000, CFO magazine named Parker one of the 20 chief financial officers who will have a major impact in the next decade. He is also a Henry Crown Fellow of the Aspen Institute.

Parker was elected to the Clarkson University Board of Trustees in May 2004 and currently serves on the executive, audit, compensation, research and trusteeship committees and co-chairs the E2E Campaign of the institutional advancement committee. He also endowed the Kenneth R. and Margaret Parker Scholarship in honor of his parents.

Parker and his wife, Anne, live in Clifton, Va., with their daughter, Katherine.

Clarkson University launches leaders into the global economy. One in five alumni already leads as a CEO, VP or equivalent senior executive of a company. Located just outside the Adirondack Park in Potsdam, N.Y., Clarkson is a nationally recognized research university for undergraduates with select graduate programs in signature areas of academic excellence directed toward the world’s pressing issues. Through 50 rigorous programs of study in engineering, business, arts, sciences and health sciences, the entire learning-living community spans boundaries across disciplines, nations and cultures to build powers of observation, challenge the status quo, and connect discovery and engineering innovation with enterprise.
			[News directors and editors: For more information, contact Michael P. Griffin, director of News & Digital Content Services, at 315-268-6716 or mgriffin@clarkson.edu.]
		
















Calendar View the full calendar >>



Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba


Full Calendar RSS Feed










School of Arts & Sciences
School of Business
Wallace H. Coulter School of Engineering
Institute for a Sustainable Environment
Early College Program: The Clarkson School


Adirondack Semester
Career Center
Honors Program
ROTC
Student Success Center
Sustainability


Division of Research
The Center for Advanced Materials Processing (CAMP)
The Center for Air Resources Engineering & Science (CARES)
The Center for Rehabilitation Engineering & Science & Technology (CREST)


The Center for Sustainable Energy Systems (CSES)
The Shipley Center for Innovation
Reh Center for Entrepreneurship

8 Clarkson Ave.
 Potsdam, New York 13699
 315-268-6400
Contact the Webmaster
 ©2016 Clarkson University









Human Resources
Giving
Site Index
Consumer Information Disclosures (HEOA)
Act on Legal & Moral Concerns
































Descent by Kevin Parker - DVD | Products | Pinterest | Kevin parker and Magic shop
















































































Explore Kevin Parker, Kevin O'leary, and more!Explore related topicsBaysShopsMilwaukeeClownsGreenProductsBricksBooksGreen bayKevin ParkerKevin O'learyForwardKevin ParkerKevin O'learyHome StudiosTame ImpalaImpalaRecording StudioFashion MagazinesAudio RoomSound StudioForwardSee Morefrom Big Guy's Magic Storefrom Big Guy's Magic Storefrom Big Guy's Magic Storefrom Big Guy's Magic Storefrom Big Guy's Magic Storefrom Big Guy's Magic StoreTame Impala LyricsKevin ParkerKevin O'learyBand PhotosImpalaDigital PhotographyIndieThe AlbumBudgetForwardSee MoreFeature FilmMixersTelevisionDocumentariesDiscusThe LatestKevin O'learyFilmsBostonForwardPinterestSearchfacebookLog in with FacebookLog in with GooglePrivacy







3d189b3a56592feb64849e7f2ce1d76d






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























 






Parker Kevin Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Parker Kevin Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Parker's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Parker Kevin's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Parker Kevin's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Parker Kevin 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Parker’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailParker’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Parker’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Parker is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Parker’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Parker is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Parker's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Parker's background in the comforts of home.
Parker will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Parker's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Parker Kevin, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Parker's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 































SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 