


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE














Executive Profile | OneMain Holdings Inc. | Scott T. Parker | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Scott T. Parker 

		
		EVP and CFO, 

	
		 OneMain Holdings Inc. 	

 
Last Updated: 07/17/2017 



Executive Summary
Scott Parker serves as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OneMain Holdings Inc., a consumer finance company based in Evansville, Indiana that is one of the largest subprime lenders in the country. His first order of business in the position to which he was named in 
Current Focus

Company Snapshot: OneMain Holdings Inc. (prior to November 27, 2015, Springleaf Holdings Inc.) is leading consumer finance company providing loan products to customers through its nationwide branch network and online pr 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1967.
Parker earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural Economics (Business Management and Marketing) from Cornell University. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Member, Operating Executive Board, Staple Street Capital LLC
Member, Board of Directors, Remington Arms Co. Inc. (2007 - Present) 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



























Parker Scott - Company of Strangers CD Album




















































 
















»
 Search 


Everything
Artist
Title
Song
SoundTrack
Label
---CLASSICAL---
Composer
Title
Conductor
Performer
Ensemble
Work









Existing Customer?Sign In












All

MP3 Downloads

Classical

Vinyl LP

Turn Pop-up Images Off





















  

Parker Scott - Company of Strangers CD
More by Parker Scott





Our Price:  $24.25

CD For Sale Usually ships in 1-2 days Add to WishList










 Company of Strangers songs Product Information


CategoryRock/Pop Albums, Pop CDs, Rock



 Company of Strangers album for sale Related Items


<


The Rolling Stones
Blue & Lonesome

 
$15.55






Metallica
Hardwired...To Self-Destruct

 
$16.65






Leonard Cohen
You Want It Darker

 
$14.75






Prince
Purple Rain

 
$12.69






Three Dog Night
Complete Hit Singles

 
$7.35







The Beatles
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Clu...

 
$24.39






Prince
Very Best of Prince

 
$18.59






Roger Waters
Is This the Life We Really Want...

 
$13.75







Waylon Jennings
Wanted! The Outlaws

 
$7.39







Van Morrison
Keep Me Singing

 
$12.85






George Michael
Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best of...

 
$17.39






Adele
25

 
$13.59






The Beatles
Live At The Hollywood Bowl

 
$18.49






The Allman Brothers Ban... 
Decade of Hits 1969-1979

 
$8.29







Bob Seger & the Silver ... 
Greatest Hits

 
$10.09






Daryl Hall & John Oates
Very Best of Daryl Hall & John ...

 
$7.39







The Mamas & the Papas
Greatest Hits

 
$11.25







The Beach Boys
Sounds of Summer: The Very Best...

 
$7.75






John Prine
For Better, Or Worse

 
$12.35






The Who
Who's Next

 
$10.59







Tom Petty / Tom Petty &... 
Greatest Hits

 
$10.25






Chuck Berry
Definitive Collection

 
$11.25







The Hollies
Hollies' Greatest Hits

 
$7.35







Fleetwood Mac
Rumours

 
$12.55






Neil Diamond
All-Time Greatest Hits

 
$10.39






Eagles
Very Best Of

 
$17.99






Crosby, Stills, Nash & ... 
Deja Vu

 
$13.59







Electric Light Orchestr... 
All Over the World: The Very Be...

 
$7.35







The Rolling Stones
Jump Back: The Best of the Roll...

 
$10.05






Little Big Town
Breaker

 
$13.75




>













 Company of Strangers CD music Product Description

Company of Strangers album for sale by Parker Scott was released Apr 04, 2001 on the CD Baby (distributor) label. Maryland native, New York cabaret performer Parker Scott has chosen to go with an eclectic play list of songs that fits his ability to work comfortably in a variety of vocal fashions. Company of Strangers buy CD music After playing operatic roles, Scott has returned to his preferred musical passion, the musical theater and, to some extent, his debut CD reflects that choice. Company of Strangers songs The first track kicks off with a chant done to the beat traditionally used by marching troops to count off the cadence. Company of Strangers album for sale The track then moves into an animated version of "Let It Sing" from the off-Broadway musical Violet. Company of Strangers CD music The album also has some pop, rock, and folk tunes such as "Backfield in Motion" and "Boundless Faith." Company of Strangers buy CD music These tunes bracket a series of contemporary ballads and love songs by such icons of the style as Jimmy Webb and Janis Ian. One of the liveliest of these comes with the title tune, "In the Company of Strangers," which also has a folk feel to it. The album's coda is the only standard on the set, "My Funny Valentine." Irrespective of the type of material, Scott delivers each tune with the appropriate intensity, expression, or upbeat frivolity, with a light, but highly flexible set of vocal chords with excellent range. His voice is especially tender and unblemished at the top of his range. Scott gets sound help from a cast of good musicians, especially Carl Allocco playing guitars and other electronically devised instruments, and Gerry Dieffenbach on piano. There's less than 40 minutes of music here, but what's offered is agreeable to listen to. ~ Dave NathanPersonnel: Parker Scott (vocals, piano, background vocals); Carl Allocco (acoustic guitar, electric guitar, drum programming); Gerry Dieffenbach (piano); Dathan B. Williams (background vocals). Arrangers: Gerry Dieffenbach; Parker Scott; Carl Allocco. Recording information: 11/1999-12/2000. Audio Mixer: Carl Allocco.


 Parker Scott - Company of Strangers Album Track Listing


TrkSong   
1Let It Sing 
2River Man 
3Backfield in Motion 
4Shattered 
5Waiting for My Heart to Stop 
6She Must Be Beautiful 
7Boundless Faith 
8In the Company of Strangers 
9My Funny Valentine 



 Company of Strangers songs Product Details


Item  number8698686
LabelCD Baby (distributor)
Orig Year2000
Catalog number33052
Discs1
Release DateApr 04, 2001
ProducerParker Scott; Carl Allocco
EngineerCarl Allocco
Recording Time34 minutes
PersonnelCarl Allocco - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, drum programmingDathan B. Williams - background vocalsGerry Dieffenbach - pianoParker Scott - vocals, piano, background vocals







Have you heard this album? 










 Our Current Promotions






More Promotions...
› Alice Cooper's New Release
› Film Favorites Collections
› Telefilms Sale
› Classic Rock Sale
› Action Movie Sale
› Universal Monsters
› Star Wars
› The Rolling Stones







CategoriesMore > 
› Alternative
› Blues
› Box Sets
› Classical
› Country
› Dance
› Heavy Metal
› International
› Jazz
› Latin
› Live Performance
› Oldies
› R & B
› Rap/Hip Hop
› Rock/Pop
› Soundtrack


















Specialty Shops



› The Beatles
› The Walking Dead
› Game of Thrones
› Doctor Who
› Star Trek
› Frank Sinatra
› Grateful Dead
› David Bowie
› Prince
› Harry Potter
› James Bond





Browse Music

› Vinyl Records
› Accessories
› Audiobooks
› DVD Audio
› Enhanced CD
› Super Audio CD
› Bargain Bin
› Top Music Charts
› Popular Lyrics

› Calendars
› Clothing & T-Shirts

Browse MoviesMore > 

› Action/Adventure
› Comedy
› Drama
› Horror
› Music Videos
› TV on DVD

Browse GamesMore > 

› PlayStation 3
› Nintendo Wii
› XBox 360
› Nintendo DS
› PC Games
› Accessories



We Need Your Support







We Need Your Support



















cdu4asppid music 8698686 cdu4pidall cdu4pls7 ver261cdu cdu4all 
7/27/2017 5:52:46 PM
XPreRip Terms and ConditionsPreRip is a free option on select CD's displaying the PreRip icon. This option allows you to download the MP3 version of that CD immediately after your purchase. The physical CD will still be shipped to you. If you agree to accept your PreRip MP3s, please be aware that the corresponding CD will be non-refundable and cannot be canceled from your order. This protects us against customers taking the free MP3 and then canceling the CD.PreRip availability may change at any time, so we recommend that you download as soon as possible.Should the CD you receive be defective, we will exchange it for a new one. PreRip is only available to customers in the United States. This is a limitation placed on us by the record labels.




Company of Strangers
   Parker Scott
Close 








   All Images






 












Contact Us































































  Loading... Please wait...






My Account 


Sign in or Create an account





Currency Displayed in 


Wish Lists
View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu







Bench Vise Restoration






Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

About Us

Read About Our Jaws

What Customers Say

Contact Us

Free Shipping,  Returns and Payment Methods

How To Articles










HomeContact Us






Categories

 Restored Bench Vises 
 American Scale and Red Seal Vise Jaws
 Athol Vise Jaws
 Chas Parker Jaws
 Chas Parker Collars and Swivel Handles
 Prentiss Vise Jaws
 Reed Vise Jaws
 Rock Island Vise Jaws
 Starrett Vise Jaws
 Simplex Vise Jaws
 Handles for Bench Vises
 Special Orders
 Yost 34C 6 inch Vise Jaws
 Wilton Jaws and Parts







Contact Us


Contact Us

(970) 235-1153
Thank you for taking the time to visit our website.  We look forward to answering your questions about our products and meeting your particular needs.  We will quickly respond to your messages---almost always on the same day. 
 Kevin Scott, owner, Mountain Product     

EMAIL:  mountainproduct@gmail.com                                                                                                                            or you can fill out the Contact Form below.                 
(970) 235-1153.
 
Machine Shop Address. Mail your jaw or Vise parts here.
 Mountain Product
152 Muggins Gulch Ln.
Estes Park, CO  80517

	The captcha you entered is incorrect. Please try again.





   Full Name:

*  Email Address:

   Company Name:

   Phone Number:

   Order Number:

   RMA Number:

*  Details:

*  Captcha Check:

Please copy the characters from the image into the text field below. Doing this helps us prevent automated submissions.

















New Products







Reed 1C - 3-1/2  Bench Vise  - Combination Vise
$425.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Prentiss #57  (7 inch) Serrated Vise Jaws 
$125.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Reed 103 R  Bench Vise  (3 inch Jaws).
$325.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Holland 13  (3 inch Custom Built Jaws).
$275.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Simplex 51P (5-1/4 inch) Serrated Vise Jaws   Desmond Stephan 
$95.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart












 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

About Us

Read About Our Jaws

What Customers Say

Contact Us

Free Shipping,  Returns and Payment Methods

How To Articles
















 
Follow us on

PinterestFacebook








  Electronic Check Processing





Copyright 2017 Bench Vise Restoration. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                               Bigcommerce Premium Themes by PSDCenter





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now






















Scott T. Parker - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Scott T. Parker
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at OneMain Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Scott T. Parker? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott T. Parker's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott T. Parker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott T. Parker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott T. Parker through your network of contacts.
												








Scott T. Parker's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
OneMain Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Scott T. Parker's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Scott T. Parker's Biography



Mr. Parker joined us in November 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Parker previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CIT Group Inc. ("CIT") (a commercial finance company) from July 2010 to November 2015. Prior to CIT, Mr. Parker served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Cerberus Operations and Advisory Company LLC, an affiliate of Cerberus Capital Management, LP ("Cerberus") (a private investment firm). Before joining Cerberus in 2006, Mr. Parker spent 17 years in various financial leadership roles within the industrial and financial services businesses a ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Parker joined us in November 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Parker previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CIT Group Inc. ("CIT") (a commercial finance company) from July 2010 to November 2015. Prior to CIT, Mr. Parker served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Cerberus Operations and Advisory Company LLC, an affiliate of Cerberus Capital Management, LP ("Cerberus") (a private investment firm). Before joining Cerberus in 2006, Mr. Parker spent 17 years in various financial leadership roles within the industrial and financial services businesses at General Electric Company, most recently as the Chief Financial Officer for GE Capital Solutions. Prior to GE Capital Solutions, Mr. Parker was Chief Financial Officer of GE Corporate Financial Services.
		
Source: OneMain Holdings, Inc. on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott T. Parker's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Scott T. Parker. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott T. Parker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott T. Parker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott T. Parker through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Scott T. Parker


















Scott T. Parker's Connections (61)





Sign up now to view Scott T. Parker's 61 connections »









Laura S. Unger
Board Member, CA, Inc.









Robert J. Ingato
Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, CIT Group Inc.









Nelson J. Chai
Board Member, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.









John A. Thain
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, CIT Group Inc.









Anthony P. Terracciano
Former Board Member, SLM Corporation









C. Jeffrey Knittel
Former President, Transportation Finance, CIT Group Inc.









Peter Connolly
Former President and Co-Head, CIT Corporate Finance, CIT Group Inc.









James L. Hudak
President, Commercial Finance, CIT Group Inc.









Lisa K. Polsky
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, CIT Group Inc.









Roy A. Guthrie
Lead Independent Director, OneMain Holdings, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Parker and Scott Limited | Property Development and Construction Management Company










































   


Home
About Us
Used Containers for Sale
Cabins and Containers for Hire and for Sale
Modular Buildings
Self Storage Consultants
Contact











Parker and Scott Ltd is a leading supplier of shipping containers, portable cabins, modular buildings & steel storage containers – available for sale and hire.
 We provide a wide range of shipping containers (one trip containers) and used shipping containers (wind and watertight) for sale throughout England and Wales. We are one of the UK’s leading portable cabin hire and container hire companies. Our head office  is based in Shropshire. Parker and Scott are also a trading partner with CONTAINEX.
 
 
              














Contact US









Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Please leave this field empty.
Subject
 
Your Message
 









































Salesforce Company Executive Team - Salesforce.com





 
















Executive team

‹ Leadership




The Salesforce executive management team is made up of seasoned individuals who now seek to define Salesforce as a world-class company delivering enterprise software with cloud computing.
The executive management team at Salesforce is comprised of:

Marc Benioff, Chairman & CEO
Parker Harris, Co-Founder
Keith Block, Vice Chairman, President and COO
Alex Dayon, President, Chief Product Officer
Suzanne DiBianca, Executive Vice President, Corporate Relations and Chief Philanthropy Officer
Corey duBrowa, Executive Vice President, Chief Communications Officer
Mark Hawkins, Chief Financial Officer
Maria Martinez, President, Global Customer Success and Salesforce Latin America
Elizabeth Pinkham, Executive Vice President, Global Real Estate
Tony Prophet, Chief Equality Officer
Cindy Robbins, Executive Vice President, Global Employee Success
Amy Weaver, President, Legal and General Counsel






Marc Benioff
Chairman & CEO

Marc Benioff is chairman and CEO of Salesforce. A pioneer of cloud computing, Benioff founded the company in 1999 with a vision to create a new kind of enterprise software company, with a new technology model based in the cloud, a new pay-as-you-go business model and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. Under his leadership, Salesforce has grown from a groundbreaking idea into a Fortune 500 company, the fastest-growing top ten software company in the world and the largest CRM company.
For its revolutionary approach, Salesforce has been named one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies six years in a row by Forbes Magazine, one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies in the software industry five years in a row, and a Fortune Best Company to Work For nine years in a row.
Benioff has been widely recognized for his visionary leadership and pioneering innovations. He has been named one of the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders by Fortune, 50 Most Influential People by Bloomberg, one of the top 20 Best-Performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review, Businessperson of the Year by Fortune readers, one of the Best CEOs in the World by Barron’s, Innovator of the Decade by Forbes Magazine and received The Economist’s Innovation Award. Benioff is also a member of the World Economic Forum Board of Trustees.
Benioff created the 1-1-1 model of philanthropy, which leverages the resources of Salesforce to improve communities around the world: donating 1% of Salesforce’s product, 1% of its equity and 1% of employees' time to help nonprofits achieve their missions. Today, more than 1,400 companies have adopted the 1-1-1 model through the Pledge 1% movement. Benioff and his wife, Lynne, have focused their personal philanthropy on children’s health, including building UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospitals in San Francisco and Oakland, as well as on public education, homelessness and other social issues.
Benioff believes that businesses are the greatest platforms for change in the world. He has embraced World Economic Forum founder Klaus Schwab’s multi-stakeholder approach to leadership, serving not only shareholders but all stakeholders--including customers, employees, partners, communities and the environment--to make the world a better place. Benioff is also inspiring fellow business leaders to do the same. He led a group of CEOs and business leaders in opposing state legislation that discriminated against LGBTQ communities, and instituted a company-wide salary assessment at Salesforce to ensure men and women were being paid equally for comparable work.
Benioff is a 35-year veteran of the software industry. Prior to launching Salesforce, he spent 13 years at Oracle Corporation. He founded his first company, Liberty Software, which created video games, at the age of 15. He also worked as an assembly language programmer in Apple Computer’s Macintosh Division. Benioff received a B.S. in Business Administration in 1986 and an honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters in 2014 from the University of Southern California.
He is the author of three books, including the national best seller, Behind the Cloud.

Parker Harris
Co-Founder

Parker Harris oversees product strategy for Salesforce, from design to development to service delivery.
Parker founded Salesforce along with Marc Benioff, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez in the spring of 1999. Prior to founding Salesforce, Parker developed cloud computing expertise at Left Coast Software, a company he co-founded in 1996, and sales force automation expertise at Metropolis Software, an early pioneer in field sales force automation subsequently acquired by Clarify.
Parker developed a love of math, science and computer programming at an early age, but also developed the other side of his brain with a fluency in French and a degree in English Literature from Middlebury College.

Keith Block
Vice Chairman, President and COO

Keith Block is the Vice Chairman, President and COO of Salesforce and serves on its board of directors. He leads the company’s day-to-day operations, including its rapidly growing, multi-billion dollar global sales and services business, alliances and channels, industry strategy, corporate development, corporate affairs, marketing and business operations.
Block has managed world-class sales, consulting and engineering teams for nearly 30 years, with a focus on customer transformation. Prior to joining Salesforce in 2013, Block served as Oracle’s executive vice president of North America Sales and Consulting, leading a multi-billion dollar sales and services business unit that achieved record revenue and margin during his tenure. He began his career at Booz Allen Hamilton as a senior consultant.
Block currently serves on the World Economic Forum’s Information Technology Community  as a Governor, the Board of Trustees for Carnegie-Mellon University, the Advisory Board at Carnegie-Mellon University Heinz Graduate School and the Board of Trustees at the Concord Museum. He is also actively involved with the Boston Partners in Education, a nonprofit focused on enhancing the academic achievement and personal growth of Boston’s public school students.
Block holds a Master’s of Science degree in Management and Policy Analysis and a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Information Systems from Carnegie-Mellon University.

Alex Dayon
President, Chief Product Officer

Alex Dayon is president of Salesforce’s products. Dayon, who holds several patents, is focused around creating business value out of technology disruption.
Dayon joined Salesforce in 2008 through the acquisition of InStranet, a leading knowledge-base company where he was a founder and served as its CEO. Prior to InStranet, Dayon was a founding member of Business Objects SA where he led the product group for more than 10 years.
Dayon holds a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Ecole Supérieure d'Electricité (SUPELEC) in France.

Suzanne DiBianca
Executive Vice President, Corporate Relations and Chief Philanthropy Officer

Suzanne DiBianca is the Executive Vice President of Corporate Relations and Chief Philanthropy Officer of Salesforce. In this role, Suzanne leads Salesforce’s stakeholder strategy—including all corporate giving, community relations and sustainability efforts. Suzanne was previously co-founder and president of the Salesforce Foundation and Salesforce.org.
Under Suzanne’s leadership, Salesforce pioneered the 1-1-1 model of integrated corporate philanthropy, which dedicates 1% of Salesforce’s equity, employee time or product back into the community. Today, Salesforce serves as a successful model for corporate social responsibility, with hundreds of companies adopting this model through Pledge 1%.
Suzanne is a recognized leader in corporate philanthropy. She has been named one of Inside Philanthropy’s 50 Most Powerful Women in Philanthropy and is member of the San Francisco Business Times’ Most Influential Women in Bay Area Business hall of fame. She serves on the boards of Box.org, Classy, Inc., Tides, Twilio.org and the World Affairs Council’s Global Philanthropy Forum. Former board service includes Goodwill Industries, the San Francisco School Volunteers and Zynga.org.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Suzanne was a principal at CSC Consulting, where she led mergers, acquisitions and technology implementations for Fortune 500 companies. Before CSC, Suzanne was the marketing and program director for Partners for Democratic Change, an organization providing conflict management and dispute resolution training around the world. Suzanne is a graduate of the University of Colorado at Boulder.

Corey duBrowa
Executive Vice President, and Chief Communications Officer of Salesforce

Corey duBrowa is EVP and Chief Communications Officer of Salesforce. In this role, duBrowa serves as senior communications counsel to the Salesforce executive team and leads the strategy and management of the company’s communications activities.
Most recently duBrowa served as SVP, global communications of Starbucks. During his seven-year tenure, he led the development and execution of global communications strategies to enhance and protect the Starbucks brand and corporate reputation as it grew from forty countries to seventy-five.
Prior to joining Starbucks, duBrowa spent a decade at WE Worldwide, most recently serving as President of the Americas Region and Business Development, working with clients such as Microsoft, AMD, T-Mobile and Toshiba. duBrowa also spent six years at Nike in a variety of global communications and management roles.
duBrowa holds a B.A. in journalism from the University of Oregon. He was President of the University of Oregon Alumni Association for two years and served on its board of directors for seven. He was also President of the School of Journalism and Communications Advisory Council from 2012-2014. duBrowa was added to both the Arthur W. Page Society Board of Trustees and the Board of Advisors for the USC Annenberg Center on Communication Leadership & Policy in 2016.

Mark Hawkins
Chief Financial Officer

As chief financial officer and executive vice president at Salesforce, Mark Hawkins is responsible for leading the company’s global finance organization and is a member of the company’s executive committee reporting directly to chairman and CEO Marc Benioff.
Hawkins has more than 30 years of experience with leading finance organizations at global software and technology companies including Autodesk, Logitech, Dell and Hewlett-Packard.
At Autodesk, Hawkins served as CFO and executive vice president from 2009 to 2014, leading the global finance, information technology and procurement organizations. From 2006 to 2009, Hawkins was CFO and senior vice president of finance & IT at Logitech International SA.
From 2000 to 2006, Hawkins served as vice president of finance for Dell’s Worldwide Procurement and Logistics organization, as well as vice president of finance for Dell’s U.S. Home Segment. Prior to Dell, Hawkins spent nearly 19 years at Hewlett-Packard where he held a variety of finance and business management roles, including a two-year posting in Europe.
Hawkins serves on the board of SecureWorks, a global leader in cyber security solutions, and Plex Systems, a leader in cloud based ERP for manufacturers. He holds an M.B.A in Finance from the University of Colorado, a B.A. from Michigan State University, and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.

Maria Martinez
President, Global Customer Success and Salesforce Latin America

With more than 30 years of experience in business and technology leadership roles, Maria Martinez leads Salesforce’s Customer Success Group and is also GM of the company’s Latin and Central America business. Her primary focus is helping customers transform their businesses and realize their ambitions faster. Martinez’ organization encompasses the company’s Success Programs and Products, including Customer Success Managers, Architects, Cloud Implementation Practices, Accelerators, Innovation and Transformation Consulting, Renewals and more.
Prior to joining Salesforce six years ago, Martinez managed Microsoft’s global services business, including professional services and customer support for the company’s business products. In her six-year tenure, Martinez led businesses to outperform revenue targets and to significantly increase Microsoft’s customer satisfaction rating. Before that, Martinez served as president and CEO of Embrace Networks, and she has also held senior leadership roles at Motorola and AT&T.
Martinez has a Master’s degree in computer engineering from Ohio State University and a Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Puerto Rico.

Elizabeth Pinkham
Executive Vice President, Global Real Estate

Elizabeth Pinkham is responsible for Salesforce’s global real estate strategy, overseeing the company’s real estate portfolio and office design, as well as creating unique brand experiences for Salesforce’s stakeholders. Pinkham has created inspiring brand experiences for more than 20 years.
A Salesforce veteran of 17 years, Pinkham was previously responsible for global strategic events. She oversaw a wide range of brand and event experiences, including management of the company’s annual Dreamforce event in San Francisco since its first program in 2003 to the current conference experience, which drew 171,000 registered attendees and 16 million plus online viewers in 2016.
Before joining Salesforce, Pinkham held marketing positions at Oracle and Sybase. Pinkham holds a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley.

Tony Prophet
Chief Equality Officer

Tony Prophet is chief equality officer of Salesforce. He leads the company’s equality initiatives, focusing on gender, LGBTQ and racial equality to ensure that Salesforce reflects the diversity of the communities it serves. He is a member of the company’s executive committee, reporting to Chairman and CEO Marc Benioff. He currently serves on the board of directors of Gannett and is chairman of the Transformation Committee.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Prophet served as Microsoft’s corporate vice president of Education Marketing, where he defined the Microsoft Education business model, channel and market strategy. He was co-executive sponsor of Blacks at Microsoft (BAM) and founding executive of BlackLight, an organization empowering black marketers at Microsoft. Prior to Microsoft, he led worldwide operations for what is now HP Operations Inc. as a senior vice president. He also held executive positions at United Technologies Corporation (UTC) and was a partner at Booz Allen Hamilton.
Throughout his career, Prophet has worked as a champion for human rights and social justice, including protecting the rights of young workers, educating female workers on health issues in developing countries, improving schools for children of migrant workers and addressing the root causes of migratory worker flows. He is also passionate about community service, focusing on ensuring low-income teens get college educations, as well as improving health care for children and HIV-positive women in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Prophet holds a Bachelor’s of Science in Industrial Engineering from General Motors Institute and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

Cindy Robbins
Executive Vice President, Global Employee Success

Cindy Robbins is executive vice president of Global Employee Success at Salesforce — one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies according to Forbes and one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For nine years in a row. In this role, Robbins leads the company’s efforts to attract, develop and retain the best talent.
Robbins has more than 15 years of experience in the field of Human Resources. At Salesforce, Robbins’ previous leadership roles within Employee Success include overseeing recruiting and global business partners. Prior to joining Salesforce in 2006, she held positions at major technology companies including BEA, OpenWave, Plumtree Software and Excite@Home.
Robbins holds a B.S. in Political Science from Santa Clara University.

Amy Weaver
President, Legal and General Counsel

Amy Weaver leads the legal, compliance, internal audit, security and government affairs teams at Salesforce. She is a member of the company’s executive committee.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Weaver was executive vice president and general counsel of Univar Inc., where she was responsible globally for all legal and corporate affairs, governance, corporate transactions, compliance, litigation and employment law matters. Previously Weaver was senior vice president and deputy general counsel at Expedia, Inc. Weaver practiced law at Cravath, Swaine & Moore and at Perkins Coie LLP. Prior to entering private practice, she served as a legislative aide to a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council and as a clerk on the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Weaver has a J.D. from Harvard Law School and a B.A. from Wellesley College.




 















 











Unpublished F. Scott Fitzgerald short story




























































 


 








Shop
Cart
Log In / Sign Up
Menu 






















 








Save $3.00!



Summer issue of the Strand: T Jefferson Parker, Lisa Gardner, F. Scott Fitzgerald short story
$12.99 $9.99









Add to cart


SKU: 33809
Categories: Back Issues, The Strand Magazine's Fitzgerald Shop





Description


Reviews (0)



Product Description
Unpublished F. Scott Fitzgerald short story
Highlights of our summer issue include an unpublished F. Scott Fitzgerald short story, an interview with Lisa Gardner and new fiction by Ian Rankin, Charles Todd and T Jefferson Parker.
In a thrilling tale about a rather shady travel agency with “Amazonia” T. Jefferson Parker gives us pause to think before embarking on an exotic vacation. Charles Todd pens a tale about World War I with a tale of betrayal with “The Heroism of Lieutenant Wells.” The talented Ian Rankin crafts a story full of twists and turns with “Meet and Greet.”  Larry Millet who is known to legions of Sherlock Holmes fans has Holmes on the case of “The Opera Thief.” We have an unpublished F. Scott Fitzgerald story on Hollywood idols, lingering fevers, and light-hearted romance.
Lisa Gardner spoke to us about your her latest novels, the state of writing, and how she’s able to craft finely plotted and chilling suspense novels.
For more back issues with works by literary legends follow this link!
(Editor’s Note: Publishing an F. Scott Fitzgerald was huge highlight, and a big thanks goes to the Library at Princeton, where their finding aids made it possible for me to arrange to have copies of the short story in question sent to my office without having to set off for New Jersey! Such is the state of technology and cataloging today where looking for manuscripts that have never been published is a less tenuous process but no less rewarding.)
 




Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “Summer issue of the Strand: T Jefferson Parker, Lisa Gardner, F. Scott Fitzgerald short story” Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Your Rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very Poor
Your Review *Name * 
Email * 
 

 





 


You may also like…



Save $15.01!
American Masters Box Set: Unpublished works by Steinbeck, Tennessee Williams, Joseph Heller, Mark Twain, & Dashiell Hammett
$55.00 $39.99
Add to cart



Save $2.05!
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
5 out of 5
$15.00 $12.95
Add to cart


Holiday issue of the Strand with the unpublished John Steinbeck story
$11.95
Add to cart




Related Products



Save $5.01!
Tenth Anniversary Issue of The Strand
$15.00 $9.99
Add to cart


Spring issue of the Strand with the unpublished Tennessee Williams Story
$11.99
Add to cart



Save $4.01!
Issue 42: Fiction by Tennessee Williams and Joseph Finder
$13.00 $8.99
Add to cart



Save $4.01!
Strand Magazine Issue 16
$11.00 $6.99
Add to cart







Subscribe to Our Newsletter 



* indicates required

Email Address  *






 








 Account 
Click Here to Log In

CartProduct Search



Search for:





Explore our ShopBooks
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLERS AT 40% OFF
Audio Books
Back Issues
SUBSCRIPTIONS
GIFTS FOR READERS
SHERLOCK DRINKWARE AND COASTERS
GIFT SUBSCRIPTIONS
WRITING JOURNALS, NOTEPADS, PENS AND DESK ACCESSORIES
SHERLOCKIAN BOOKS
SHERLOCKIAN BOOKS IMPORTED FROM LONDON
SHERLOCK’S SHOP
SHORT STORY COLLECTIONS
MYSTERY THEMED T-SHIRTS
DVDs
Explore our BlogFiction
Films
Interviews
News
Monthly Reads
Reviews
Writing Tips
Young Adult
 
 























Sign up for our newsletterGet 15% off your next OrderPlus Insider offers, flash sales, and exclusive content in your inbox every week










SUBSCRIBE!





You have Successfully Subscribed!




















































	Parker Scott | Company Of Strangers | CD Baby Music Store


















































the best independent music store on the web












My Cart




Continue Shopping










Continue Shopping















Go To Artist Page





MORE ALBUMS BY THIS ARTIST

















 


Recommended if You Like



Art Garfunkel
Kenny Loggins

More Artists From



United States - NY - New York City

Other Genres You Will Love



Pop: Folky Pop
Easy Listening: Cabaret
Moods: Type: Vocal


Not what your looking for? Use advanced search.
Sell your music everywhere

Listen to the CD Baby Music Discovery Podcast








My Wishlist




There are no items in your wishlist.












Company Of Strangers
by  Parker Scott
© Copyright - Parker Scott / Meanwhile Records 


CD $14.99
 


Unique blend of pop and folk music with emotionally involving lyrics.  Hauntingly beautiful vocals over producer Carl Allocco's Beatles influenced arrangements.  Parker's voice is seductive, expressive, sexy and infused with tender nuances.
Genre: Pop: Folky Pop
Release Date: 2000








We'll ship when it's back in stock

Order now and we'll ship when it's back in stock, or enter your email below to be notified when it's back in stock.




Sign up for the CD Baby Newsletter
									Your email address will not be sold for any reason.



 
Continue Shopping


 



cd in stock order now





Log in to view wishlist









 




To listen to tracks you will need to update your browser to a recent version.




Tracks

Preview all songs





 
SongArtist name
Share
Time
Download












clip






1. Let It Sing 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







3:51


album only











clip





2. River Man 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







4:38


album only











clip





3. Backfield In Motion 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







2:35


album only











clip





4. Shattered 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







2:28


album only











clip





5. Waiting For My Heart To Stop 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







5:14


album only











clip





6. She Must Be Beautiful 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







5:17


album only











clip






7. Boundless Faith 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







3:28


album only











clip






8. In The Company Of Strangers 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







5:10


album only











clip






9. My Funny Valentine 











Share this song!X

Twitter
Facebook




Google
Stumble


Email







2:36


album only


















ABOUT THIS ALBUM



Reviews




Log in
to write a review





 






Roy Sander



A terrific work with moments of haunting beauty.
Read more...



 






David Roberts


His voice brings the listener to each track again and again.
Mr. Scott's voice is completely versatile and he is as comfortablesinging pop or pop rock as he is tackling a song with a gospel orcountry feeling. Like a good Merlot, Parker Scott's voice has a richpalette with many subtle undertones. It's a voice that falls on the earwith layer after layer of wonderful surprises. Though his voice is one-of-a-kind it is wonderfully reminiscent of a mellow, kinder-gentler LeonardCohen and like Cohen, Parker Scott is not afraid to perform songs ofsadness and defeat. 
Read more...



 






Steven Wells


...charming album...leaves the listener wanting more
...a diamond layer of ballads sung with a beautiful lack of artifice and a heartfelt commitment to the lyrics.  Jimmy Webb's 'Shattered' and Janis Ian's 'She Must Be Beautiful' receive gentle and expressive renditions that are stunning in their simplicity.  ...an interesting take on 'My Funny Valentine' with its staccato acoustic guitar accompaniment supporting a well-focused vocal performance.
Read more...



 






John Hoglund, Back Stage Magazine


His rich pop tenor is infused with tender nuances and colorful passages that bri
Parker Scott's first album features an eclectic mix ofheartfelt songs that are hauntingly delivered with a veryreal tender emotion.  Jimmy Webb's "Shattered" is riveting.
Read more...



 






Cornelius G Kelly


Parker is the Best Company of All
What an superb blend of music on Company Of Strangers that hooks you from the very beginning with LET IT SING to the smashing surprise at the end of the CD as a (hidden track) Amazing Grace. RIVERMAN puts us in another time and place and we're awed by the mysterious river man so rich with Parker's voice. BACKFIELD IN MOTION brings back the time in a clone of the original. How Parker can mimic and then make it his own song is a delight. SHATTERED leaves us just that but someone hears our tears. A Ballad of the purest sense written for the shattered piece in all of us. WAITING FOR MY HEART TO STOP is another pleaful Ballad but with a renewed acceptance and looking forward with hope. In SHE MUST BE BEAUTIFUL we see the girl who stole his heart away and how beautiful she must be to have done it. Mezmerizing! BOUNDLESS FAITH gets us up and ready to clap with joy, yes people still clap along. Parker hits serious great notes here (every song)and we're ready to use our boundless Faith to imerse ourselves in a partying mood. IN THE COMPANY OF STRANGERS will have you hitting the repeat countless times over. Symphonic, alluring, captivating, flawlessly lyrical, tendered with the most delicious voice. MY FUNNY VALENTINE has been covered by most famous singers and here is another beautiful cover by one of todays great artists.Parker Scott has sang all over the world. He is currently appearing in New York City. He just signed up for a part in The Chelsea Street Opera House. Well known abroad he also has been putting together a new cd since he's mostly on tour he wants to get in touch with his fans everywhere. After buying this CD I went back and ordered 4 more for my family. "I GUARANTEE THIS WILL BE SET AMONG YOUR "MY BEST CDs"
Read more...



 






Dean G. Ehlers


Parker Packs A Punch!
There are very few singers today that I can honestly say this about: Parker Scott has one of the most moving voices of this century! His tone is honest and clear. He sounds as though he is singing directly to you and each song he lends a special meaning to. I so enjoyed this CD that I sent it to several of my friends and relatives. My favorites include "River Man," "Boundless Faith," and "She Must Be Beautiful." However, all the songs are first rate as is this mans voice. Vocally, he is at the top of his game and I simply cannot wait for the next CD to come. Keep up the great work Parker, the world needs you.
Read more...












 














Session Expiration Warning
Your CD Baby online session is due to expire shortly.  Would you like to extend your session and remain logged in?








Session Expiration
We're sorry, but your CD Baby online session has expired.

Log in


































	Parker Scott | CD Baby Music Store











































the best independent music store on the web

















Recommended if You Like



Art Garfunkel
John Denver
Josh Groban


Genres You Will Love



Easy Listening: Cabaret
Easy Listening: Love Songs
Pop: Folky Pop
Moods: Solo Male Artist
Moods: Type: Vocal


By Location



United States - New York
United States - NY - New York City

Not what your looking for? Use advanced search.
Sell your music everywhere

Listen to the CD Baby Music Discovery Podcast





Parker Scott




MUSIC








Selecting Souvenirs
Parker Scott










Company Of Strangers
Parker Scott





























Session Expiration Warning
Your CD Baby online session is due to expire shortly.  Would you like to extend your session and remain logged in?








Session Expiration
We're sorry, but your CD Baby online session has expired.

Log in

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Parker Hannifin - Grainger Industrial Supply



























Skip to Content

JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.






Skip Content





My Account


Order History


Lists


Special Order Quotes






Sign In


    Register Now





































































































KeepStock






	Sign Up for Email
 

Feedback


Help





















			General Catalog



Find A Branch


Services



Auto-Reorder


Emergency Services


Inventory Management


Grainger Lighting Solutions


Grainger Energy Services


Online Purchasing Solutions


Invoices Your Way


Safety Services


Special Orders


Product Services


Extended Protection Plan


Grainger Consulting Services






Solutions



Custom Product Center


Distributor Alliance Program


Emergency Preparedness


Government


Grainger Choice


Green Resources


Industries


Info Library


Knowledge Center


Product Resources


Productivity


Safety Solution Center


Small Business


SupplyLink





Worldwide





More














All Products
































		
		Purchased Products
















					
				Digital Catalogs




Replacement Parts





Abrasives


Adhesives, Sealants and Tape


Cleaning and Janitorial


Electrical


Electronics, Appliances, and Batteries


Fasteners


Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance


Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service


HVAC and Refrigeration


Hardware


Hydraulics



Lab Supplies


Lighting


Lubrication


Machining


Material Handling


Motors


Office Supplies


Outdoor Equipment


Paint, Equipment and Supplies


Plumbing


Pneumatics



Power Transmission


Pumps


Raw Materials


Reference and Learning Supplies


Safety


Security


Test Instruments


Tools


Welding
















 







Bulk Order Pad








Cart 











PARKER







Search Feedback

Email



Email









* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:





* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]



* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]



* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]



* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]

Add Another Recipient[X]


* Your First Name:



* Your Last Name:



* Your Email:




Message Body:





View Privacy Policy
					 
			Cancel





Success!





Close


Want to pay an invoice? Please call us at 1-800-GRAINGER (1-800-472-4643).

Print




  

    2,153 results found that include 6,734 products







nav=%2Fcategory%2Fparker%2Fecatalog%2FN-1z13mqx%3FsearchRedirect%3DParker




Filter Results By



Search within these results









Previously Purchased





View Previously Purchased Products








Product Categories



Plumbing(3284)



Pneumatics(1719)



Hydraulics(1190)



Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance(411)



HVAC and Refrigeration(228)



Reference and Learning Supplies(6)





Lab Supplies(5)





Office Supplies(3)





Outdoor Equipment(3)





Power Transmission(2)





Lubrication(1)





Material Handling(1)




View More
View Less







Branch Availability








							Price





Under $1(57)




$1-$5(539)




$5-$10(543)




$10-$15(458)




$15-$20(348)




$20-$25(306)






$25-$30(263)




$30-$35(231)




$35-$40(232)




$40-$45(211)




$45-$50(199)




$50-$60(297)




$60-$70(307)




$70-$80(236)




$80-$90(211)




$90-$100(202)




$100-$200(920)




$200-$300(348)




$300-$400(163)




$400-$500(132)




$500-$600(95)




$600-$700(52)




$700-$800(49)




$800-$900(41)




$900-$1000(27)




$1000-$1500(125)




$1500-$2000(45)




$2000-$2500(40)




$2500-$3000(33)




$3000-$3500(13)




$3500-$4000(5)




$4000-$4500(4)




More than $5000(2)





View More
View Less






							Shop By





Clearance Items(138)




Country of Origin: US(5807)




New Items(118)




Online Catalog(3382)




Supplier Diversity(58)







							Ratings





5 Stars (7)




4 Stars (4)




3 Stars (1)




2 Stars (2)




1 Stars (2)
















Parker Hannifin



Parker Hannifin is the world's leading  manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered products for commercial, mobile, industrial and aerospace applications.










Sort results by:

Top SellersBrand: A to ZBrand: Z to APrice: Low to HighPrice: High to Low






List

Results per page: 

16 |
        32 | 
        48




1
2
3
4
5...
Next 



















					Metal 90 Degrees  Elbows

					Metal 90 Degrees  Elbows




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Barbed Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$2.38–$32.42
			
		



View All 21 Products


View All 21 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Metal Tee Unions

					Metal Tee Unions




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Barbed Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$4.16–$8.78
			
		



View All 9 Products


View All 9 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Plastic Adapters

					Plastic Adapters




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Push to Connect Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$1.48–$44.30
			
		



View All 17 Products


View All 17 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Industrial, Quick Coupler Plug

					Industrial, Quick Coupler Plug




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Quick Connect Air Couplings






Price

			
				$2.10–$50.23
			
		



View All 50 Products


View All 50 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Brass Adapter

					Brass Adapter




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$4.73–$294.42
			
		



View All 149 Products


View All 149 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Stainless Steel Ferrule

					Stainless Steel Ferrule




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$1.71–$14.30
			
		



View All 32 Products


View All 32 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Industrial, Quick Coupler Body

					Industrial, Quick Coupler Body




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Quick Connect Air Couplings






Price

			
				$8.90–$97.20
			
		



View All 93 Products


View All 93 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Plastic Adapter

					Plastic Adapter




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$1.53–$5.52
			
		



View All 37 Products


View All 37 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					PARKER


					Hydraulic Spin-on Filter

					Hydraulic Spin-on Filter




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Hydraulic Filter Elements






Price

			
				$19.80–$105.30
			
		



View All 10 Products


View All 10 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Reducing Bushings

					Reducing Bushings




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Brass Pipe Fittings






Price

			
				$1.36–$20.96
			
		



View All 18 Products


View All 18 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Brass Support

					Brass Support




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$2.85–$8.33
			
		



View All 7 Products


View All 7 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Metal Unions

					Metal Unions




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Barbed Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$1.21–$5.46
			
		



View All 5 Products


View All 5 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Plastic Inline Ball Valves, 2-Piece Valve Structure

					Plastic Inline Ball Valves, 2-Piece Valve Structure




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Manual Ball Valves






Price

			
				$8.13–$10.75
			
		



View All 11 Products


View All 11 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Metal Connectors

					Metal Connectors




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Push to Connect Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$27.64–$103.61
			
		



View All 32 Products


View All 32 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					PARKER


					Brass Hose Barb with 90° Elbow Fitting Style, 1/4" Thread Size

					Brass Hose Barb with 90° Elbow Fitting Style, 1/4" Thread Size


Item #


		 						4A493



Mfr. Model #
						
							129HB-6-4





								Hose Barb, Fitting Style 90 Degrees Elbow, For Hose I.D. 3/8 In., Thread Size 1/4 In., Thread Type (M)NPT, Material Brass, Clamp Type Crimped or Hose Clamp, Max. Pressure 150 psi

								Hose Barb, Fitting Style 90 Degrees Elbow, For Hose I.D. 3/8 In., Thread Size 1/4 In., Thread Type (M)NPT,...More















Category : 


		 	 					Barbed Hose Fittings







List Price
$5.26
/ each

Get This Price

$4.21






Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								

















					Tru-Flate-Automotive, Quick Coupler Plug

					Tru-Flate-Automotive, Quick Coupler Plug




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Quick Connect Air Couplings






Price

			
				$2.64–$8.56
			
		



View All 30 Products


View All 30 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Nylon Support

					Nylon Support




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$0.74–$3.49
			
		



View All 5 Products


View All 5 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Brass Pipe Nipples, Threaded on Both Ends

					Brass Pipe Nipples, Threaded on Both Ends




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Brass Pipe






Price

			
				$0.79–$10.26
			
		



View All 28 Products


View All 28 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Stainless Steel Nut

					Stainless Steel Nut




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$2.97–$59.92
			
		



View All 33 Products


View All 33 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Tru-Flate-Automotive, Quick Coupler Body

					Tru-Flate-Automotive, Quick Coupler Body




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Quick Connect Air Couplings






Price

			
				$10.92–$28.70
			
		



View All 40 Products


View All 40 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					PARKER


					Hose to Push Fit Adapter

					Hose to Push Fit Adapter




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Garden Hose Connectors and Adapters






Price

			
				$15.05–$15.62
			
		



View All 2 Products


View All 2 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Couplings

					Couplings




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Brass Pipe Fittings






Price

			
				$2.00–$14.75
			
		



View All 6 Products


View All 6 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Square Head Plugs

					Square Head Plugs




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Brass Pipe Fittings






Price

			
				$1.55–$9.81
			
		



View All 5 Products


View All 5 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Metal Unions

					Metal Unions




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Push to Connect Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$35.19–$78.40
			
		



View All 7 Products


View All 7 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Metal 90 Degree Swivel Elbows

					Metal 90 Degree Swivel Elbows




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Push to Connect Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$38.29–$135.35
			
		



View All 20 Products


View All 20 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Brass Sleeve

					Brass Sleeve




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$2.46–$13.33
			
		



View All 12 Products


View All 12 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					PARKER


					Flow Control Valve; Inlet Port: 1/4" NPT, Outlet Port: 1/4" NPT

					Flow Control Valve; Inlet Port: 1/4" NPT, Outlet Port: 1/4" NPT


Item #


		 						4A789



Mfr. Model #
						
							PF 400B





								Air Flow Control Valve, Female Port Size 1/4 Inch, Maximum Operating Pressure 2000 PSI, Cv 0.8, Brass Body, 140 Degrees Fahrenheit

								Air Flow Control Valve, Female Port Size 1/4 Inch, Maximum Operating Pressure 2000 PSI, Cv 0.8, Brass Body,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Pneumatic Flow Control And Needle Valves







							
							List Price
							


							$53.05
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
2620 


















					Plastic Unions

					Plastic Unions




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Push to Connect Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$16.82–$26.82
			
		



View All 4 Products


View All 4 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					PARKER


					Male Connector, 1/4 x 1/8 In

					Male Connector,1/4 x 1/8 In


Item #


		 						11G261



Mfr. Model #
						
							VS68NTA-4-2





								Male Connector, Type Compression, Pipe Size 1/8 In., Tube Size 1/4 In., Tube Outside Dia. 1/4 In., Thread Size 7/16-24 In., Tube x MNPT Connection, Material of Construction Brass, Pressure (PSI) 150, Temp. Range -40 to 200 Degrees F, Hex Size 7/16 In., Length 1.22 In., Compliance SAE J246, SAE J1131, DOTFMVSS 571.106

								Male Connector, Type Compression, Pipe Size 1/8 In., Tube Size 1/4 In., Tube Outside Dia. 1/4 In., Thread...More















Category : 


		 	 					Brass Air Brake Connectors and Accessories







List Price
$3.71
/ each

Get This Price

$2.97






Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
992 














Compare
View Compare








					PARKER


					Filter/Dryer, 1/4 In

					Filter/Dryer,1/4 In


Item #


		 						6X506



Mfr. Model #
						
							LLD 052





								Liquid Line Filter Dryer, 75/25 Dessicant Blend, For Use With All CFC, HCFC and HFC Refrigerants, R-22 Capacity 3-1/2 Tons, Connection Size 1/4 In, SAE Flare

								Liquid Line Filter Dryer, 75/25 Dessicant Blend, For Use With All CFC, HCFC and HFC Refrigerants, R-22...More












Category : 


		 	 					Cooling Filter Dryers







List Price
$33.55
/ each

Get This Price

$25.79






Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
3075 


















					Nylon Adapter

					Nylon Adapter




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Compression Tube Fittings






Price

			
				$0.88–$5.07
			
		



View All 26 Products


View All 26 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					String and Blanket Wound Cartridges

					String and Blanket Wound Cartridges




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Filter Cartridges






Price

			
				$27.67–$336.50
			
		



View All 136 Products


View All 136 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	


















List

Results per page: 

16 |
        32 | 
        48




1
2
3
4
5...
Next 





Note: Product availability is real-time basis and adjusted continuously. The product will be reserved for you when you complete your order. More







 




Company InformationAbout Us
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
Press Room
Supplier Overview
Technical Education
Worldwide



Customer Support
Catalog Request
Contact Us
Feedback
Find a Branch


Order SupportOrders
Pick-Up
Returns & Cancellations
Guarantee and Warranty


Online ResourcesClearance Center
Grainger Choice
Hot Buys
Knowledge Center
Rebates
Replacement Parts
SupplyLink
Today's Features
Webinars
The Safety Record


ServicesAuto-Reorder
Catalog
Special Orders
Emergency Services
Grainger Consulting Services
Inventory Management
Invoices Your Way
Grainger Lighting Solutions
Grainger Online SafetyManager®
Online Purchasing Solutions
Extended Protection Plan




Check it out! We're Mobile!
Anytime. Anywhere.  Grainger helps you get it done.







Let's Stick TogetherYour connection to what's new at Grainger.  Sign Up Now! Sign up


Connect with us


Questions? Call us 1-800-GRAINGER(1-800-472-4643)






Terms of Access


Terms of Sale


Privacy Policy


About Our Ads


Sitemap


Fraud Alert


© 1994 - 2017, W.W. Grainger, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































