


Align Technology Promotes Raphael Pascaud to Vice President International (NASDAQ:ALGN)












 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?








« Previous Release |  Next Release »















January 13, 2014

Align Technology Promotes Raphael Pascaud to Vice President International




SAN JOSE, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 01/13/14 --

 Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALGN) today announced the promotion of Raphael S. Pascaud to vice president international, reporting directly to Thomas M. Prescott, Align Technology president and CEO. Mr. Pascaud assumes the position vacated by Richard Twomey, who left the Company at the end of 2013 to become CEO of a leading global healthcare products and services company.
"Raphael has been a very effective leader of our Europe, Middle East, and Africa Region for several years, driving continued growth and expansion in this largest component of our international business," said Thomas M. Prescott. "During his tenure at Align, Raphael has been recognized as a valuable member of the senior management team and I am very pleased to have him take on this new role and level of responsibility. We have a tremendous opportunity to extend our growth outside of North America and I look forward to Raphael extending his enthusiasm and expertise to our Asia 
Pacific and Latin America sales and marketing efforts."
Mr. Pascaud joined Align in 2010 as vice president and managing director for the Europe, Middle East and Africa Region, (EMEA). Prior to Align, Mr. Pascaud spent 14 years in various management positions within DePuy, a Johnson & Johnson family of companies, including vice president orthopedics of EMEA and vice president marketing of international. Mr. Pascaud has extensive experience in multinational organizational management, international sales strategy, and global professional and consumer marketing within the medical device sector. Mr. Pascaud holds a PhD in Bioengineering and received his 
undergraduate degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Glamorgan, Cardiff, Wales.
About Align Technology, Inc.
Align Technology designs, manufactures and markets Invisalign, a proprietary method for treating malocclusion, or the misalignment of teeth. Invisalign corrects malocclusion using a series of clear, nearly invisible, removable appliances that gently move teeth to a desired final position. Because it does not rely on the use of metal or ceramic brackets and wires, Invisalign significantly reduces the aesthetic and other limitations associated with braces. Invisalign is appropriate for treating adults and teens. Align Technology was founded in March 1997 and received FDA clearance to market Invisalign in 1998.The Invisalign product family includes Invisalign, Invisalign Teen, Invisalign Assist, Invisalign Express 10, and Vivera Retainers. 


        To learn more about Invisalign or to find an Invisalign trained doctor in your area, please visit www.invisalign.com.
Cadent Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Align Technology and is a leading provider of 3D digital scanning solutions for orthodontics and dentistry. The Cadent family of products includes iTero and iOC scanning systems, OrthoCAD iCast, OrthoCAD iQ and OrthoCAD iRecord. For additional information, please visit www.itero.com. 
Source: Align Technology

News Provided by Acquire Media


Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Align Technology, Inc.








 Align Technology Promotes Raphael Pascaud to Vice President InternationalHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 57 minsS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Align Technology Promotes Raphael Pascaud to Vice President InternationalMarketwiredJanuary 13, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareSAN JOSE, CA--(Marketwired - Jan 13, 2014) - Align Technology, Inc. (  NASDAQ :  ALGN ) today announced the promotion of Raphael S. Pascaud to vice president international, reporting directly to Thomas M. Prescott, Align Technology president and CEO. Mr. Pascaud assumes the position vacated by Richard Twomey, who left the Company at the end of 2013 to become CEO of a leading global healthcare products and services company."Raphael has been a very effective leader of our Europe, Middle East, and Africa Region for several years, driving continued growth and expansion in this largest component of our international business," said Thomas M. Prescott. "During his tenure at Align, Raphael has been recognized as a valuable member of the senior management team and I am very pleased to have him take on this new role and level of responsibility. We have a tremendous opportunity to extend our growth outside of North America and I look forward to Raphael extending his enthusiasm and expertise to our Asia Pacific and Latin America sales and marketing efforts."Mr. Pascaud joined Align in 2010 as vice president and managing director for the Europe, Middle East and Africa Region, (EMEA). Prior to Align, Mr. Pascaud spent 14 years in various management positions within DePuy, a Johnson & Johnson family of companies, including vice president orthopedics of EMEA and vice president marketing of international. Mr. Pascaud has extensive experience in multinational organizational management, international sales strategy, and global professional and consumer marketing within the medical device sector. Mr. Pascaud holds a PhD in Bioengineering and received his undergraduate degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Glamorgan, Cardiff, Wales.About Align Technology, Inc. Align Technology designs, manufactures and markets Invisalign, a proprietary method for treating malocclusion, or the misalignment of teeth. Invisalign corrects malocclusion using a series of clear, nearly invisible, removable appliances that gently move teeth to a desired final position. Because it does not rely on the use of metal or ceramic brackets and wires, Invisalign significantly reduces the aesthetic and other limitations associated with braces. Invisalign is appropriate for treating adults and teens. Align Technology was founded in March 1997 and received FDA clearance to market Invisalign in 1998.The Invisalign product family includes Invisalign, Invisalign Teen, Invisalign Assist, Invisalign Express 10, and Vivera Retainers.  To learn more about Invisalign or to find an Invisalign trained doctor in your area, please visit www.invisalign.com.Cadent Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Align Technology and is a leading provider of 3D digital scanning solutions for orthodontics and dentistry. The Cadent family of products includes iTero and iOC scanning systems, OrthoCAD iCast, OrthoCAD iQ and OrthoCAD iRecord. For additional information, please visit www.itero.com.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressMcDonald's swift to respond in China after moldy ice cream maker pictures go viral in U.S.ReutersEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderBoeing: Capitulation Time Againbarrons.comShop July Specials at Macy's - Extra 25-60% OffMacys.comSponsoredAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceProtests erupt nationwide following Trump's transgender military ban announcementSergeant Bill: Here we go again. Taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for a sex change for a military member and that's WHY this is happening-so they don't have to! WOW!Join the Conversation1 / 54k











    Raphael Pascaud | Align Technology Inc | ZoomInfo.com 












Raphael S. Pascaud, Align Technology, Inc. CMO, Chief Business Development Officer & VP, iTero Scanner & Services - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Raphael S. Pascaud
CMO, Chief Business Development Officer & VP, iTero Scanner & Services, Align Technology, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Raphael S. Pascaud at Align Technology, Inc.. Raphael S. Pascaud works as CMO, Chief Business Development Officer & VP, iTero Scanner & Services , acting in a Business Development role .  Align Technology, Inc. is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Business Development leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/27/2017:


Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN) Stock Traded Above Its 50 Day Moving Average

..... Kolli now owns $201,600 of the stock according to the SEC filing.
Raphael Pascaud, CMO and Bus. Dev. let go of $481,705 worth of shares at an average price of $137.63 on May 18th. .....

People In This Article:
Raphael S. Pascaud
 

07/25/2017:


Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN) Experiences Lighter than Average Trading Volume

..... Kolli now owns $201,600 of stock as reported to the SEC.
Raphael Pascaud, CMO and Bus. Dev. let go of $481,705 worth of shares at an average price of $137.63 on Thu the 18th. .....

People In This Article:
Raphael S. Pascaud
 






Learn more about Raphael S. Pascaud  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Raphael S. Pascaud and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Raphael Pascaud Inventions, Patents and Patent Applications - Justia Patents Search

































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing












                                    Patents by Inventor Raphael Pascaud
                                




                    Raphael Pascaud has filed for patents to protect the following inventions. This listing includes patent applications that are pending as well as patents that have already been granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).
                







Distal component for wrist prosthesis



Patent number:  6890358
                                            

Abstract:  A distal component for a wrist prosthesis that utilizes fixation within the carpus complex, incorporates features that improve the probability of intercarpal fusion and allows modularity of articulating components. In one form, the subject invention includes an ovoid fixation plate having three holes and a boss. The three holes allow attachment of stems and/or screws distally for fixation in the carpus. The boss projects proximally from the plate, and serves as an attachment point for the articulating head. Modularity of the fixation and articulating components allow a surgeon many options for optimizing fixation distally, and articulation proximally. The proximal head of the distal component is designed to articulate with existing radial components. Since the proximal head of the distal component is modular, however, the head can be redesigned to accommodate later design changes in proximal components.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 25, 2003
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        May 10, 2005
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        DePuy Products, Inc.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Robert J. Ball, Ian A. Trail, Raphael Pascaud, Robert Beckenbaugh, William Geissler
                            





Distal component for wrist prosthesis



Publication number:  20030216813
                                            

Abstract:  A distal component for a wrist prosthesis that utilizes fixation within the carpus complex, incorporates features that improve the probability of intercarpal fusion and allows modularity of articulating components. In one form, the subject invention includes an ovoid fixation plate having three holes and a boss. The three holes allow attachment of stems and/or screws distally for fixation in the carpus. The boss projects proximally from the plate, and serves as an attachment point for the articulating head. Modularity of the fixation and articulating components allow a surgeon many options for optimizing fixation distally, and articulation proximally. The proximal head of the distal component is designed to articulate with existing radial components. Since the proximal head of the distal component is modular, however, the head can be redesigned to accommodate later design changes in proximal components.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 25, 2003
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        November 20, 2003
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Robert J. Ball, Ian A. Trail, Raphael Pascaud, Robert Beckenbaugh, William Geissler
                            



 




Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                                                    1000
                                                



                                            Ask Question
                                        






Find a Lawyer













Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing










                    Justia Legal Resources
                



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                             © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











	Align Technology Inc Promotes Raphael Pascaud To Vice President International













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Promotes Raphael Pascaud To Vice President International   











Tweet








1/14/2014 9:38:16 AM







SAN JOSE, CA--(Marketwired - January   13, 2014) -  Highlighted Links Invisalign Website Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALGN) today announced the promotion of Raphael S. Pascaud to vice president international, reporting directly to Thomas M. Prescott, Align Technology president and CEO. Mr. Pascaud assumes the position vacated by Richard Twomey, who left the Company at the end of 2013 to become CEO of a leading global healthcare products and services company.

"Raphael has been a very effective leader of our Europe, Middle East, and Africa Region for several years, driving continued growth and expansion in this largest component of our international business," said Thomas M. Prescott. "During his tenure at Align, Raphael has been recognized as a valuable member of the senior management team and I am very pleased to have him take on this new role and level of responsibility. We have a tremendous opportunity to extend our growth outside of North America and I look forward to Raphael extending his enthusiasm and expertise to our Asia Pacific and Latin America sales and marketing efforts."

Mr. Pascaud joined Align in 2010 as vice president and managing director for the Europe, Middle East and Africa Region, (EMEA). Prior to Align, Mr. Pascaud spent 14 years in various management positions within DePuy, a Johnson & Johnson family of companies, including vice president orthopedics of EMEA and vice president marketing of international. Mr. Pascaud has extensive experience in multinational organizational management, international sales strategy, and global professional and consumer marketing within the medical device sector. Mr. Pascaud holds a PhD in Bioengineering and received his undergraduate degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Glamorgan, Cardiff, Wales.

About Align Technology, Inc.
Align Technology designs, manufactures and markets Invisalign, a proprietary method for treating malocclusion, or the misalignment of teeth. Invisalign corrects malocclusion using a series of clear, nearly invisible, removable appliances that gently move teeth to a desired final position. Because it does not rely on the use of metal or ceramic brackets and wires, Invisalign significantly reduces the aesthetic and other limitations associated with braces. Invisalign is appropriate for treating adults and teens. Align Technology was founded in March 1997 and received FDA clearance to market Invisalign in 1998.The Invisalign product family includes Invisalign, Invisalign Teen, Invisalign Assist, Invisalign Express 10, and Vivera Retainers. 
To learn more about Invisalign or to find an Invisalign trained doctor in your area, please visit www.invisalign.com.

Cadent Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Align Technology and is a leading provider of 3D digital scanning solutions for orthodontics and dentistry. The Cadent family of products includes iTero and iOC scanning systems, OrthoCAD iCast, OrthoCAD iQ and OrthoCAD iRecord. For additional information, please visit www.itero.com. 








Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) And Execs Escape Finance Fraud Lawsuit  Allergan Inc. (AGN) Axes Undisclosed Amount Of Staffers At California Facility  Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) To Announce Fourth Quarter And Fiscal Year 2013 Results On January 30, 2014   Covert Google Inc. X Staffers Meet With FDA On Devices  Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Announces Invisalign G5 Innovations For Treatment Of Deep Bite   Biodesix, Inc. Lands $26 Million In New Funds To Market Lung Cancer Test  Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Release: iTero® Intraoral Scanner Now Compatible With E4D® Restorative System   Ivantis, Inc. Reels In $46.5 Million; Wins FDA Approval to Expand US Pivotal Trial For Novel Glaucoma Device  Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Announces Third Quarter 2013 Results  Alere Inc. (ALR) HomeLink Wins FDA Clearance For Over-The-Counter Use  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Align Technology, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























 






Raphael S. Pascaud, Vice President of International, Align Technology


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Raphael S. Pascaud



Vice President of International
at
Align Technology


Location: Amsterdam Area, Netherlands





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Raphael S. Pascaud



Vice President of International
at
Align Technology


Location: Amsterdam Area, Netherlands




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. Pascaud joined Align in 2010 as vice president and managing director for the Europe, Middle East and Africa Region, (EMEA). Prior to Align, Mr. Pascaud spent 14 years in various management positions within DePuy, a Johnson & Johnson family of companies, including vice president orthopedics of EMEA and vice president marketing of international. Mr. Pascaud has extensive experience in multinational organizational management, international sales strategy, and global professional and consumer marketing within the medical device sector. Mr. Pascaud holds a PhD in Bioengineering and received his undergraduate degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Glamorgan, Cardiff, Wales.



1

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Medical Device, Equipment, Supplies Manufacturing




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Raphael S. PascaudCareer (3)






Jan-2014




Align Technology



Vice President of International







Mar-2013 to Dec-2013




Align Technology



Vice President and Managing Director, EMEA







Oct-2010 to Feb-2012




Align Technology



Managing Director, EMEA








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Raphael S. PascaudEducation






1996



University of Wales, Cardiff


Bioengineering









 Edit



Raphael S. PascaudAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Raphael S. Pascaud






 Edit



Raphael S. PascaudLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Raphael S. Pascaud









Raphael S. PascaudInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Raphael S. Pascaud









Raphael S. PascaudInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Raphael S. Pascaud








Raphael S. PascaudRelated People








Colleagues at Align Technology







Joseph M. Hogan

President and CEO
Mar-2015









Zelko Relic

Vice President, Research and Development
Dec-2013









John P. Graham

VP, Chief Marketing Officer
Jul-2013









David L. White

CFO
Jul-2013








View all 
Peers (4)







Russell Powers

Executive Vice President, International of NuVasive









Jason Hannon

Executive VP, International of NuVasive









Tanya  Lewis

Vice President of TESARO









Chris Horan

Vice President of Genentech












View all 



Raphael S. PascaudRecommended Market Profiles








Life Sciences (Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers)

10,000 or More employees
58 companies


















