



Passco Companies, LLC                                                                                                    - Irvine                                            , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Irvine



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Agents And Managers



                            Passco Companies, LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Passco Companies, LLC                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2050 MAIN ST STE 650 IRVINE, CA 92614
Get Directions



(949) 442-1000
www.passco.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 1975
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $18,768,927.00
 Employee Count 70
 Industries Real Estate Agents And Managers
 Contacts William O Passo                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1975, Passco Companies, Llc                                                                                                    has been providing Real Estate Agents And Managers from Irvine. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





























































Business News - The Business Journals






































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +











 



 
















7 things to know about Foxconn's plans for Wisconsin
 It's a deal that is being hailed as transformative for the state's economy,















 EXCLUSIVE: Google snaps up 52 Sunnyvale properties worth more than $820M in one fell swoop













 Fulcrum Equity Partners closes $203M fund aimed at tech, healthcare
















 Jul 27, 2017, 6:59 am EDT 


 Fairview changes up leadership team post-HealthEast merger









 




 




Business News From Around the U.S.
        














Houston Business Journal



                    Halliburton to pay $29M to settle SEC charges                














Dallas Business Journal



                    Toyota supplier moves its California headquarters to Plano                



  











Atlanta Business Chronicle



                    Automotive Minute: Aston Martin president discusses what’s ahead for the 104-year old startup                














Louisville Business First



                    Churchill Downs CEO sheds more light on $60M gaming facility, Derby's huge TV showing                














Portland Business Journal



                    OHSU researcher successfully creates genetically modified human embryos                














Pacific Business News



                    Outdoor recreation generates $8B in spending for Hawaii's economy, report finds                














Chicago Business Journal



                    Airbnb taxes now generating millions to aid Chicago's homeless                














Kansas City Business Journal



                    Longtime KC animation studio will shutter operations                














Jacksonville Business Journal



                    Local tech company partners with HP to secure servers                






        See All News Across The U.S. 








            Popular Photo Galleries















Here are Portland's 10 favorite restaurants (Photos)















Get a look inside NFL head coach’s new Northern Kentucky house: PHOTOS












            Popular Videos















Westfield Valley Fair gears up for $1.1B expansion















Amazon Prime Now in Wynwood.mp4













            The Business Journals Exclusives

















                                    Top private companies, sponsored by Deloitte                                

                                    See vital information on the nation's top private employers.                                


















                                    Here are the cities where your money goes the farthest                                

                                    Adjusted for cost of living, San Jose leads the nation in highest paying jobs followed by Durham, N.C.                                













Videos


























                        How Tax Reform Could Impact Markets and the Economy                    















Breaking Down Starbucks' Tepid Third-Quarter Results















The Takeaways From Amazon's Second-Quarter Earnings










 




 




            Most Popular







                        Zuckerberg blasts Musk warnings against AI as 'pretty irresponsible'                    





                        United Airlines doing something special for Boeing 747 enthusiasts                    





                        Airlines facing crisis that could 'put some airlines out of business'                    





                        Get a look inside NFL head coach’s new N. Ky. house                    





                        What the new small format Buffalo Wild Wings will look like                    





                        American Airlines ground workers plan to protest outsourcing, contract                    





                        Chinese-based home goods retailer readying massive project in Frisco                    





                        Google-backed Toast raises $101M, plans to hire 1,000 in 18 months                    





                        El Tiempo to finally open in Webster after lawsuit dismissal                    





                        Colorado's biggest private company is in talks to be sold, says report                    





 



 


Featured Jobs
            






Charlotte, NC

Product Owner, Commerce
The Business Journals





Charlotte, NC

Content Marketing Manager, Branded Content
The Business Journals





Charlotte, NC

Client Success Manager
The Business Journals





            Post a Job
        

            See All Jobs
        





 





            Sign Up for Newsletters & Alerts




Sign up for our daily
                American Business Daily newsletter to receive the latest business news, opinion and analysis
               from The Business Journals.
            













                        Sign Up
                    








                Business Pulse















                        poll                    


                    Are you comfortable chatting with bots?                





            See All Business Pulse
        
















 






Passco Companies LLC News | Commercial Property Executive






















Passco Companies LLC

View All Tags













Passco Creates Corporate Marketing VP Role

With more than a decade of commercial real estate experience, Stacy Stemen will oversee all aspects of marketing, public relations, special events, conferences and business development for the firm.





Orange County






Passco Nabs Inland Empire Value-Add Retail Center

The company plans to reposition the 102,976-square-foot neighborhood shopping center in Corona, Calif. The retail market has one of the lowest vacancy rates in the regions.





Inland Empire






Self-Storage Demand Outpaces Supply in Northwest Florida

Passco Cos. and Perdew Investment Group secured a premium price for the Patriot Self Storage Portfolio in North Port. 





South






















NRIG-West Completes Tacoma Retail Center Deal


Given the property characteristics, the price reflects how much the Pacific Northwest has heated up. 
Seattle
27 May 2016 08:26










Passco Buys Healthcare-Anchored Upscale Community for $53M


Proximity to the country's second largest hospital is a considerable advantage for The Ivy, a 248-unit apartment community at 2650 Dade Ave. in Orlando. 
Orlando
05 May 2016 10:41










Passco Companies Acquires 452-Unit Community in Nashville for $51M


CBRE represented both Passco Companies, the buyer, and Olympus Properties, the seller, in the transaction.
Nashville Knoxville
07 April 2016 15:20










Multifamily Property Commands $69.5M in D.C. Metro Area


The Shelby, a millennial-oriented Class A multifamily community which saw completion in 2014, changed hands for $69.5 million dollars.
Washington Dc
14 March 2016 12:13










Inland Empire Retail Center Fetches $15M


HFF recently closed the $15.8 million sale of Day Creek Village, a neighborhood retail center in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif.
Los Angeles
13 January 2016 17:36










Passco Opens New Office in Austin


While Passco Cos.already has an office in Dallas, the call of the Southwest is loud enough for the company to expand its presence in the region.
National
22 April 2015 21:45










Executive Spotlight: Bill Passo, Passco Cos.


Twenty years ago, Bill Passo was a pioneer in tenancy-in-common investments in the commercial real estate sector. He continues to run his 15-year-old, California-based firm today with a focus on retail and multi-family properties. 
National
08 April 2014 18:12









                    More
                






















Top Stories







                    Skyview Facilitates Sale of VA Self Storage Facility
                



27 July 2017 18:51







                    Panoche Valley Solar Project to be Downsized
                



27 July 2017 18:46







                    First C-PACE Deal Closes in Washington, D.C.
                



27 July 2017 18:38







                    Brazil’s 90MW Cristalândia Wind Farm Begins Operations
                



27 July 2017 18:32







                    PGIM Buys Midtown Atlanta Office Tower
                



27 July 2017 18:25







More Top Stories






















PASSCO Companies, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 5:59 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of PASSCO Companies, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PASSCO Companies, LLC is a real estate investment firm specializing in the acquisition, development, and management of commercial properties, multifamily and retail properties. Within multifamily property the firm seeks to invest in Class A & B stabilized assets post 2000 construction with a minimum purchase price of $20 million. It considers mid and high-rise and prefers garden style projects with minimum 200 units having target market across United States. Within retail property, it seeks to make core, value-add and opportunistic investments with purchase price between $3 million and $30 million in shadow anchored and unanchored multi-tenant pads. Within multifamily it invests throughout U...
PASSCO Companies, LLC is a real estate investment firm specializing in the acquisition, development, and management of commercial properties, multifamily and retail properties. Within multifamily property the firm seeks to invest in Class A & B stabilized assets post 2000 construction with a minimum purchase price of $20 million. It considers mid and high-rise and prefers garden style projects with minimum 200 units having target market across United States. Within retail property, it seeks to make core, value-add and opportunistic investments with purchase price between $3 million and $30 million in shadow anchored and unanchored multi-tenant pads. Within multifamily it invests throughout United States and for retail it focuses on Texas, Washington, Nevada, California, and Arizona. It also provides investment advisory services, leasing, asset and property management, construction management, and brokerage as well as property development, development and disposition, and construction and management services. PASSCO Companies, LLC was founded in 1998 and is based in Irvine, California.
Detailed Description


2050 Main StreetSuite 650Irvine, CA 92614United StatesFounded in 1998



Phone: 949-442-1000

Fax: 949-442-2460

www.passco.com







Key Executives for PASSCO Companies, LLC




Mr. William O. Passo J.D.


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board 
      


Age: 75
        







Mr. Larry K. Sullivan CPA


      	President and Partner
      


Age: 63
        







Ms. Suzy Cottle


      	Senior Vice President Finance
      








Mr. Belden Brown


      	Senior Vice President of National Sales, Manager, Partner, Principal, and Director
      


Age: 69
        







Mr. Thomas B. Jahncke CFP


      	Senior Vice President, Partner, and Director
      


Age: 71
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 2, 2017
			    
The Legends at Indian Springs



Merger/Acquisition

			      May 19, 2017
			    
The Havens in West Melbourne



Merger/Acquisition

			      May 10, 2017
			    
Temescal Village, a 102,976-Square-Foot Shopping Centre





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PASSCO Companies, LLC, please visit www.passco.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Passco Companies LLC Archives - Smart Business Magazine














































 





Smart Business Magazine







LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
rss
 



Search for:





 






					Passco Companies LLC				



Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Orange County


An entrepreneur is someone who bounds into the unknown, creating the future.
When we first honored four forward-thinking entrepreneurs in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1986, we had only just begun to recognize the forward thinking that is the hallmark of American business. Now, Entrepreneur Of The Year® reaches across the country to encompass nearly 10,000 distinguished U.S. alumni celebrated in 25 U.S. regional programs.
We also extend to 145 cities and 60 countries worldwide. We’ve come together to celebrate the dynamic entrepreneurs who are propelling forward toward a brighter future for us all. You are visionaries who launch and reimagine businesses, employ millions and endow your communities, leaving legacies of accomplishment and enrichment while setting the pace for generations of entrepreneurs to come.
We salute the finalists being honored tonight and congratulate the award winners!

Kim Letch
Orange County Program Director & Office Managing Partner

 
Quick Links:
SOFTWARE SERVICES (WINNER) Dave Dickerson, Accurate Background | (FINALISTS) Peter Nguyen, Ad Exchange Group | Deepak Garg, Smart Utility Systems
TECHNOLOGY (WINNER) Dean Stoecker, Alteryx, Inc.  | (FINALISTS) Ray Grainger, Mavenlink  | Tim Britt, Synoptek, LLC
HEALTHCARE & COMMUNITY (WINNER) Dan Williamson, Aspen Medical Products | (FINALISTS) Marcia Manker, Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center and Saddleback Memorial Medical Center | Randy Barth, THINK Together
PLATFORM INNOVATION (WINNER) Martin Manniche, Greenwave Systems | (FINALISTS) Lane Rankin, Illuminate Education | Vincent Battaglia, Renova Energy Corp.
CONSUMER (WINNER) Raghu and Rohit Marwaha, Marwaha Group | (FINALISTS) Bill Passo, Passco Companies, LLC | Michael Cerillo & Ben Hoch, U Brands
Here are the Entrepreneurs Of The Year® for Orange County

Software Services
Winner

Dave Dickerson
CEO
Accurate Background
In 1997, Dave Dickerson was working with private investigators, researching criminal records for PI clients, but he sensed a void in the industry. Turnaround times for comprehensive background screening on a large scale for organizations could take several weeks, and the information collected wasn’t always highly reliable. This caused significant delays in employee onboarding. In an attempt to combat this problem, Dickerson formed Accurate Background.
At first, the company primarily sourced court record information and provided it to other employment screening companies. But shortly after its inception, Dickerson, who is the company’s CEO, was approached by a Fortune 100 retail organization. From that first client, Accurate Background has grown to support HR, loss prevention and security/legal professionals directly, with over 400 employees and more than 7,300 customers of all sizes.
Dickerson’s tenacity, perseverance and vision were illustrated during the 2008 recession when the company’s revenue fell by 40 percent with the loss of two key clients. His controller confirmed that if things remained as they were, Accurate Background would be out of business within six months.
Not only did Dickerson turn things around by 2009, he made a critical decision to hire an experienced strategic consultant to help him restructure the company. He proceeded with his plans, despite facing uncertainties and cash flow problems.
Dickerson is currently focusing the majority of his time and energy on inorganic growth through acquisitions, after he hired his C-suite team just two years ago. In his own words, “he knows what he knows and he is smart enough to know what he does not know.” He is not a micromanager and empowers his employees, which encourages his team to be innovative and creative thinkers.
Dickerson is passionate, enthusiastic and has a clear vision for his company and the industry. This has contributed to both low employee turnover and strong client loyalty.
Back to top
Finalists

Peter Nguyen
CEO
Ad Exchange Group
Peter Nguyen is well known within the advertising and digital media industry as a thought leader, innovator, teacher and entrepreneur.
He started his first company, a tutoring service, at age 19 and a graphic design and full-service printing firm a year later. His first advertising campaign kicked off a decade ago, right when physical products in the consumer digital space were taking off. Throughout the years, Nguyen has launched over 60 brands.
As the foremost authority in direct-to-consumer digital advertising, Nguyen has created dozens of multimillion-dollar internet brands and the entrepreneurship program, Accelerated Ventures.
With his success in the consumer digital space, Nguyen started Ad Exchange Group in 2013. It was the first advertising company that utilized a pay-for-performance methodology, delivering results to its customers prior to charging its customers.
The firm has 750 employees and nine offices globally. Ad Exchange’s entrepreneurial culture and uniqueness attract talented leaders within the industry, thereby giving it an even stronger competitive advantage. The firm has a great retention and has only had one employee quit.
Nguyen, who is the company’s CEO, also purchased or created four additional companies to create a vertical supply chain that supports every part of the consumer purchasing process: a direct customer fulfillment company, a customer service call center, a business to manage risk and chargebacks for direct response merchants, and a merchant processer.
Nguyen encourages his company to be involved in the local soup kitchen and hosts silent auctions to donate to a variety of children’s charities.
Personally, he has a passion for humanitarian research related to water, food, medicine and energy. For example, Nguyen invested in a machine with a partner at Stanford University that transforms air to water. The company currently has a contract to put units that provide clean drinkable water in the Philippines, with plans to expand to Asia and Africa.
Back to top

Deepak Garg
CEO
Smart Utility Systems
Born and raised in India, Deepak Garg has seen towns without water, which led him to realize that the world’s natural resources are limited and must be preserved. To that end, he created a mobile utility platform to bridge the gap between the customer engagement experience and utilities, landing his first contract with an electric company in 2009, and eventually growing to include water.
Smart Utility Systems is a cloud platform for utility companies that focuses on energy efficiency, water conservation, customer engagement, mobile workforce and big data analytics. It simplifies the customer experience by providing easy-to-read analytical dashboards to facilitate better natural resource conservation. Users can pay for utilities through the app via credit card, observe current use and understand “surge” fees, which can encourage users to conserve energy and save money. It also will recommend rebates and suggest appliances to buy that are the most energy efficient.
The platform is set up much like white label retail products, giving the company flexibility as it explores the ways it can approach the market. Orange County and India serve as the call center, and sales, marketing and corporate are based in Orange County.
Smart Utility Systems’ employees come from a variety of backgrounds. While not all of them come to the company with a “green” mentality, they become more environmentally aware over time. As a company, they deployed a reverse osmosis water treatment project in a government school in India to provide clean drinking water for the students.
The culture is about empowerment and working hard, but Garg, the company’s CEO, insists that family comes first, allowing employees the flexibility to deal with matters at home.
Garg has found a way to disrupt the market while adhering to government regulations, which has helped him become a leader in the market and stay ahead of the competition.
Back to top
Technology
Winner

Dean Stoecker
CEO and co-founder
Alteryx, Inc. 
Dean Stoecker co-founded Alteryx, Inc. in 1997 with one goal in mind: to democratize the data analytics space and expand the capabilities and analytical sophistication available to all data workers. In the time since, the CEO has led the company through an IPO and to the forefront of the self-service data analytics industry.
When Alteryx’s software platform launched in 2006, the market lagged behind Stoecker’s original vision. By 2014, the market was showing signs of readiness for the data analytics revolution, and Stoecker decided to lower the annual license fees to attract more customers. The result was a resounding success.
Alteryx has benefited from a vibrant, engaged user community that it fostered through an online community site and live events, such as its annual Inspire customer conferences, which drew over 1,600 attendees in 2016.
The company’s growth attracted the attention of outside investors. Stoecker was initially hesitant, given that he’d self-financed and bootstrapped the day-to-day operations for nearly 14 years. But he ultimately decided to partner with private equity firms that shared his vision of data analytics and possessed valuable industry experiences and insights.
Stoecker is so committed to the culture he’s built at Alteryx, that he still participates in the onboarding and training of every new employee. Also, ingrained in that DNA are commitments to social responsibility and philanthropy.
The Alteryx for Good program allows universities and emerging market governments to utilize Alteryx’s software platform for free, and employees can give away software licenses to charitable organizations. Congruently, Alteryx employees donate working hours toward training and coaching charities in the use of the software. To date, over 200 charities have benefited.
To foster a collaborative and fun workplace, Stoecker maintains an open-door policy with his 450 employees, a relatively flat management structure and open work spaces, including a fully restored VW van with two keg taps.
Back to top
Finalists

Ray Grainger
CEO and founder
Mavenlink
Going down the road less traveled has always been more appealing and rewarding for Ray Grainger, CEO and founder of Mavenlink. When most of his friends in high school were submitting college applications, Ray, at age 17, applied to serve on an Antarctic expedition with the National Science Foundation. He served on two expeditions, reached the South Pole and earned a Congressional Medal. This journey taught him resourcefulness and an ability to get things done when faced with endless constraints. He learned to be comfortable when uncomfortable. Ultimately, Grainger attributed this foundational experience to the development of his entrepreneurial spirit that has shaped his career.
Grainger’s journey into founding a company was not conceived alone. Based on his Arctic experience, he came to value the importance of the right team. This led him to start the company with two other associates. Grainger believes that having three people at the top provided the bandwidth needed to meet the challenges of starting a business, as well as the ability to meet consensus. Grainger highly values collaboration and teamwork in achieving entrepreneurial success.
Mavenlink delivers enterprise-class software as a service that transforms how businesses work with distributed teams, contractors and clients around the globe. The company’s technology suite enables organizations of any size to better manage and scale their people, projects, revenue and profitability.
Grainger’s engineering education had a tremendous impact on him. He believes that education is the most reliable mechanism to raise a person’s standard of living. To this end, he has devoted substantial amounts of his time and money while serving on the board of Harvey Mudd College in Claremont, California, for 10 years. He also chaired the budget and finance committee during the financial crisis. Grainger encourages Mavenlink employees to continue their education and supports their endeavors through flexible work arrangements.
Back to top

Tim Britt
CEO
Synoptek, LLC
In 2001, Tim Britt began building Synoptek, LLC, consulting for e-commerce and brick-and-mortar businesses that were forming their online presence.
Synoptek’s consulting business was the largest part of its revenue mix. But after the financial crisis, the consulting business evaporated. As finances dried up, Britt and his wife liquidated their 401(k)s and put the funds into the business. His wife even worked for the business for several years to keep payroll down.
Those difficult times, however, provided an education for the CEO and changed the company. It moved away from custom consulting to managed services, a space in the middle market that is highly fragmented and characterized as having providers that are more beholden to technology suppliers than their customers. Synoptek introduced a custom client experience to standardized managed service provider services.
Middle-market companies tend to have few employees supporting the IT function, so Synoptek established its place as a fractional CIO, parsing its services into eight categories that encompass all of what a midsize business needs in one place. Each category has a service manager who maintains a road map for their customers to manage their technology, help them with decision-making, and provide enterprise-level products and services that meet specific compliance standards.
Managed services held up through the crisis and today has grown to nearly the size of Synoptek’s pre-recession consulting business, providing reliable, recurring revenue for the company.
Synoptek now specializes in many aspects of business technology services, such as cloud strategy and implementation, cybersecurity, help desk and managed network infrastructure in domestic and international markets. The company focuses on global strategy and corporate development and execution, working with businesses and state and local governments to plan their IT strategies.
As the IT managed service market begins to consolidate, it is Britt’s goal to capture additional market share through acquisition, branding and exceptional client service.
Back to top
Healthcare & Community
Winner

Dan Williamson
CEO
Aspen Medical Products
When Dan Williamson’s company wanted him to move to Chicago, Williamson stayed in California and took a leap of faith to work with his business partner at a startup that sold cervical collars.
As he learned how to be an entrepreneur, Williamson set up the company’s processes and systems, finding ways to reduce costs and revamp the sales and marketing departments to get out of debt.
In 1991, the startup was sold to a Scandinavian company, Laerdal Medical, which had developed an innovative cervical collar that kept patient skin from breaking down. Unable to sell this product to the U.S. hospital market, Williamson convinced Laerdal to sell him the patents, rights, manufacturing and inventory in 1993, and Aspen Medical Products was founded.
Today, Aspen is a world leader in the design, development and sales of upper and lower spinal orthotics with over 200 employees and more than 50 products.
The company’s full-time R&D team develops and designs cervical, lumbar and sacrum collars. Williamson’s goal is three new products each year, although Aspen usually develops five. Last year, it came out with 18 new products.
The CEO is also looking into new markets for back braces. Rather than just designing and developing braces for the medical industry, he sees a need for commercial back braces as well as selling over the internet directly to patients.
Williamson considers his employees Aspen’s No. 1 asset. When employees are new, he works right alongside them until they become acquainted with their new positions. Once Williamson knows they are performing the correct tasks, he steps back and does not interfere or micromanage.
He also believes in building relationships with employees’ families as well. The company takes annual trips and Williamson invites the employees’ spouses.
In addition, the employee earnings at Aspen are in the top 75th percentile for Orange County jobs.
Back to top
Finalists

Marcia Manker
CEO
Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center and Saddleback Memorial Medical Center
Marcia Manker was one of the first non-physician leaders in the FHP system, which operated Orange Coast Memorial before it became part of the Memorial Care Health System. She was brought in by founder and philanthropist Dr. Robert Gumbiner after completing her MBA at California Polytechnic State University.
Gumbiner wanted to bring in some “business minds” to help improve efficiencies within the system. In Manker’s first two years, she did four- to six-month rotations within the various business functions to develop the acumen needed to attack the most inefficient areas. She took a number of steps that increased the quality of care the hospital offered and led to an increased demand for services. Manker quickly earned the reputation of being a humble leader, problem solver and innovator, and was frequently called upon to help with issues outside the normal scope of her responsibilities.
When Memorial Care Health System acquired the hospital in early 2002, the physicians demanded that she be retained.
As CEO at Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center and Saddleback Memorial Medical Center, Manker’s philosophy is simple: Meet the medical demands of the community and they will reward you by coming to the facility. Along the way, figure out how to make it profitable.
Increased local demand for triaged emergency room services led to an expansion of the ER at Orange Coast Memorial.
Under Manker’s leadership and vision, the campus has reinvented itself from a local hospital into centers of medical excellence, new models of care and established outpatient facilities. Employees are encouraged to lend their time and talents to various charities and causes. Many of her innovations have been adopted by the parent company.
Her vision for the future includes continuing to rebuild her teams across the health system, sharing newly developed products and services throughout the entire MemorialCare Health System family, and integrating the recent acquisition of Saddleback Memorial Medical Center.
Back to top

Randy Barth
CEO and founder
THINK Together
Before the age of 30, Randy Barth had tremendous success as a stockbroker. But rather than stay in the corporate world, he sought to take part in social initiatives that would prove to be bigger than him.
When Barth saw how a gang-infested, crime-inflicted neighborhood had parents scrambling to protect their children, he mobilized his church to provide after-school support and educational services for the neighborhood kids. Demand for these services blossomed into neighborhood-based centers and ultimately into the schools.
Once their safety was secured for a few hours each day after school, the children showed academic progress. THINK Together, with Barth as its CEO, was encouraged to expand on the program that was having an impact.
The nonprofit THINK Together partners with schools and communities to implement academic solutions that close the education gap, changing the odds for hundreds of thousands of California students in the areas of early learning and summer and after-school academic and enrichment services. It also offers leadership development for teachers and school administrators.
In 2015, a new superintendent, unions and litigation resulted in THINK Together losing the contract with its marquee client, the Santa Ana Unified School District. To reverse its fortune, Barth created Principal’s Exchange, a B Corp with a shareholder corporate structure that allowed Barth to use the data from the program and the school districts as part of an educational consulting business. This helped THINK Together provide school districts with a more simplified educational support structure focused on improving cohesion between school administrators, and teachers and students in the classroom, while simultaneously helping it stand out among its competitors and increase its growth.
The Principal’s Exchange program continues to pursue its goal of creating more visibility into the successes that these school districts have and telling an evidence-based story to the world.
Back to top
Platform Innovation
Winner

Martin Manniche
Founder, chairman and CEO
Greenwave Systems 
Martin Manniche began his entrepreneurial journey at age 16. He has started nine companies and successfully sold the first eight.
Manniche has the ability to take risks, help his teams buy into the opportunities and execute on plan. His best quality as a leader is his ability to take risks on atypical employees and empower them to success. He will always take ability and talent over experience.
Greenwave Systems has over 300 employees and offices in Denmark, Korea and Singapore. Manniche set out to take on complex engineering topics to differentiate his company from current standards and create barriers to entry for future competition. His ability to maintain a strong culture as Greenwave expands has played a key role in its success.
As chairman and CEO, Manniche founded Greenwave to solve the three challenges to connected services: interoperability, security and scalability — all of which his company helped define for the internet of things industry.
While he could have secured early-stage sales, Manniche and his key leadership team spent the first three years perfecting the software architecture to make its platform truly scalable and horizontal.
With 200-300 percent change in the tech industry, Manniche knows he can’t run the same business model, even when business is going well. The company needs to be agile.
His team of technologists’ initial focus was on energy management, including integrated heating/cooling and the world’s first connected lightbulb. As the business model pivoted to smart home devices, Greenwave developed a platform that could scale wider, using the cloud efficiently and making the endpoint applications more affordable and intelligent.
Over the past two and half years, the company has invested in a second version of the platform and worked to include data mining and prediction analytics. Now, as the leading global managed services and IOT company, Greenwave looks to expand its strategic partnerships and customer base, while constantly innovating to outpace competition and customer demand.
Back to top
Finalists

Lane Rankin
CEO and founder
Illuminate Education
Lane Rankin started out as a middle school and high school math teacher who was passionate about teaching children using technology in the early 1990s. He was able to leverage his computer science and applied mathematics background to form an innovative style of teaching that was ahead of its time. After the positive reaction to his teaching style, he was approached by Apple to become an advocate for using technology in the classroom. He was building a foundation that would serve him well as CEO and founder at Illuminate Education.
Rankin’s vision has always been to innovate and inspire using education as the means to the end. He considers himself to be part educator, part entrepreneur and part evangelist. He assembled a team of motivated and committed employees who have built Illuminate Education into a premier software solution for education. The software harnesses large sums of data, converts it into compatible formats and allows users to make data-driven, real-time decisions. Educators can assess with great accuracy which students will do best in which classes. It also reaches beyond the classroom, empowering schools to use predictive analysis to identify students who are most likely to commit suicide or be at risk for substance abuse.
The company has achieved significant growth and one of Rankin’s challenges has been to maintain his company’s strong culture while growing at such a fast pace. He prioritizes keeping employees motivated and inspired while achieving the goal of growing the business. Rankin recently engaged a consultant to share best practices on process and communication for growing companies. Illuminate Education has also had to work hard to win over school districts that are leery of investing in his product because of increasing state budget restrictions. Rankin has customized his sales approach to account for the nuances of different regions and simplified the interface to ensure ease of use. His company is now five times bigger than its largest competitor.
Back to top

Vincent Battaglia
CEO, president and founder
Renova Energy Corp.
In 2006, when Vincent Battaglia founded Renova Energy Corp. in his garage with $500 and a passion for sustainability, solar power was still an emerging industry dismissed by many as a novelty.
The company initially offered a five star energy audit for customers focused on cost reduction and environmental improvement options, such as LED lighting and first-generation solar products. But the energy audit business model proved challenging. With little-to-no upfront fee, and a long sales cycle and product conversion rate, long-term prospects were dim. After Battaglia’s mentor advised him to cross-sell alternative products and services, he shifted away from the energy audit model and put his hopes in alternative energy and its next-generation products and infrastructure.
Its shift to creating energy independence for homeowners and business has led the company to install the most solar systems of any local company and land it on a list of Solar Power World’s Top 50 Solar Installers in the country, out of more than 8,000 similar companies. Renova has further evolved to provide branded advanced energy storage battery systems.
Battaglia, the company’s CEO and president, has also invested heavily in customer-facing technology and support with the NetSuite enterprise solution. Dubbed “Sol,” it facilitates precise engineering, job costing, resource management, customer relationship management and the smooth transfer of customer information between departments.
Local resources, support and community acceptance are critical to each market the company enters, which is why Renova is pursuing an ESOP plan and insists on direct hires only — no subcontractors are used in order to maintain the highest caliber and quality of trained professionals.
Company retention rates are 40 percent higher than national averages and a recent employee survey found nearly 90 percent of employees are “very satisfied” with work at Renova, which no doubt helped the company win two awards for workplace culture.
Back to top
Consumer
Winner

Raghu and Rohit Marwaha
Co-CEOs
Marwaha Group
Raghu and Rohit Marwaha were teenagers when their father brought his family to the U.S. from India in 1994 in pursuit of the American dream. A year later, they joined their parents and sister working at the family’s newly acquired Subway franchise in South Central Los Angeles. A second location opened up in 1996 in Inglewood, California, where Raghu and Rohit oversaw operations and faced a number of difficult challenges. The sociopolitical environment in Inglewood was very tense at the time around issues of race and crime. Despite the difficulties, the brothers worked hard and came up with creative ways to assimilate into the environment and the store became even more successful than the first.
During each of the next two years, the Marwaha family franchised another Subway store, bringing the total to four locations. At this point, Raghu and Rohit’s father stopped pursuing new stores to allow his children to focus on their college careers. Raghu and Rohit attended California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, and majored in business and electrical engineering, respectively. Both brothers pursued other careers after graduation, but decided they didn’t have the passion for what they were doing. So they went back to the franchising business. They each became a manager of one of the four stores the family owned and took more than 50 percent pay cuts to do it. Even with the drastic decrease in financial freedom, both were far happier than they had been in their previous occupations.
It was at this point that they realized that the franchising business their father had started years before could be the springboard for growing a hugely successful entrepreneurial venture. As co-CEOs at Marwaha Group, they use the lessons they learned from their father each day and have built a business that now boasts 150 company-owned locations and another 1,500 overseen through various business ventures.
Back to top
Finalists

Bill Passo
CEO
Passco Companies, LLC
Bill Passo started with humble beginnings, but he never let that stop him from seizing opportunities and turning challenges into successes. He earned his Juris Doctor at UCLA and began practicing law shortly after graduation. At the age of 27, Passo decided to quit his job and move back to Orange County to start his own law practice.
With no clients, and a wife and a child to take care of, he was determined to make his new law practice work. He went to several banks for a loan of $2,500, but was unsuccessful many times before he finally found a bank that agreed to loan him the money. He capitalized on the opportunity and within six months he was able to pay back the loan and purchase a house for his family.
It didn’t take long before Passo determined he was capable of running his own business and formed Passco Companies, LLC. The multi-family and commercial real estate investment firm has built an investor services department that is as robust as any other department in the company. It’s a testament to Passo’s willingness to put the interest of his investors above all else.
All investors have access to staff and management services, and they receive frequent communication from the company. Passo invests in each property just like he would invest if it were his own, and genuinely cares about his investors.
As CEO, Passo prefers what he calls an “enlist-and-enroll” management style that allows him to attract and retain the best talent. When the company was going through management changes, the new president personally requested that Passo be more involved in the company because of how important and influential he is to all the employees. He trusts his team, which is what allows him to think more broadly. He refuses to micromanage anyone and prefers to look at accomplishments and teamwork as a measure of success.
Back to top

Michael Cerillo
CEO
Ben Hoch
President
U Brands
The experiences, relationships and innovation Michael Cerillo and Ben Hoch employed during their very successful first venture, Board Dudes, became the formula that allowed their new company, U Brands, to achieve great success in only three years.
In January 2014, Hoch and Cerillo met for coffee to discuss their next project, having sold their last company and finished their time on the acquiring company’s board following the transition. They decided that their chemistry and brand in the industry was too important to break apart. That day, they formed the business plan for U Brands, a company with a focus on creating a boutique feel to stationary products that targets the mass retail market.
Soon after, they were able to secure meetings with some of the largest national retailers by leveraging their connections and reputation from their first business. Hoch, who is president, and Cerillo, who serves as the CEO, believe their fun-loving personalities and approach to business meetings have enabled them to form and maintain the relationships necessary to excel in the industry.
They quickly hired key talent that helped them design the initial SKUs that landed them in Target, Walmart, Staples and other retailers before building a single prototype. The response to their business and product lines were so great that U Brands achieved its three-year revenue projections within its first 12 months.
At the end of 2016, U Brands owned the entire stationary display at Target, half of Walmart and key end cap displays at Staples and Bed Bath & Beyond.
Hoch and Cerillo deflect all the credit to their innovative design team for creating product lines that continue to stay ahead of the trends and their competitors. However, it is Hoch and Cerillo’s energy, industry expertise and personal connections that are the true catalyst behind the early success of U Brands.
Back to top
Judging Panel
Michael Hajeck
Retired Founder/Retired Sr. VP & GM
SiliconSystems/Western Digital
 
 
William Howard
Founder
Dragon Alliance
 
 
Bala Iyer
Board Member
IHS, Skyworks Solutions
& Power Integrations
 
 
Kim Kovacs
Managing Director
Arroyo Ventures LLC
 
 
Steve Layton
Principal & Co-founder
LBA Realty
 
 
Daniel Lubeck
Managing Director
Solis Capital Partners
 
 
Andy Peykoff II
President & CEO
Niagara Bottling, LLC
 
 
Steele Platt
Founder
Yard House Restaurants
 
 
Stuart McClure
Chairman & CEO
Cylance, Inc.
 
 
Bob Holmen
Managing Director
Miramar Venture Partners
 
 
Jeff Walker
CEO
Alliance Entertainment
Back to top






 
 











Passco Companies LLC - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Irvine







 Passco Companies LLC
                        

Active

                                
                                    Irvine,
                                    CA
                                
                        



(949)442-1000














Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Passco Companies LLC Overview
  Passco Companies LLC filed as a Foreign in the State of California on Wednesday, April 10, 2013 and is approximately four years old, as recorded in documents filed with California Secretary of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Passco Companies LLC
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Passco Companies LLC








Name







                            Larry Sullivan
                                
                                    50
                                





                                        Member
                                    







                            William O. Passo
                                
                                    29
                                





                                        Member
                                    







                            William H. Winn
                                
                                    14
                                





                                        Member
                                    















 Excel
                    
Companies for Passco Companies LLC




                                
                                    Passco Companies LLC lists two other companies as an officer in their company. It is not uncommon for one company to hold a position in another company.
                                
                        





Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Thomas B Jahncke
                        



                        Inactive
                    







                                Member
                            






                            Belden Brown
                        



                        Inactive
                    







                                Member
                            












Other Companies for Passco Companies LLC



                                
                                    Passco Companies LLC is listed as an officer in 114 other companies.
                                
                    






Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Passco Creekwalk H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Raveneaux H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Raceway, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Raceway Investors, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Towns of Riverside H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Alanza Brook H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Waters Edge H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Pearce at Pavillion Dst
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Treasurer
                            






                            Passco Advisors, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2004
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Villa Toscana H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Promenade Crossing Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Promenade Crossing Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Towns of Riverside H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Moorings H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Alanza Brook H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Raveneaux H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Waters Edge H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Creekwalk H, Lp
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Diversified II Hm, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2003
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Hughes Promenade S, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Companies Income Fund I, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2010
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            PC Fund I Tm, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2010
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Hanford, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Hanford Mall, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Companies Income Fund II, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2012
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Villa Toscana Investor, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Glen at Alexander Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Glen at Alexander Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Mallard Crossing S, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Olathe Station H, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Four Winds S, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Carrington Park Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Carrington Park Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Wolfchase Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Silver City Investor, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Eastwind Investor, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Resort at Lake Crossing H, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Autumn Breeze Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Encore at The Park Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Wakefield Glen Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Brier Creek Manager LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Insite, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Vinings Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Hickory Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Columns Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Columns Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Parkcrest Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2016
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Shelby Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Shelby Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Veranda Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Veranda Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco VUE21 Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco VUE21 Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Hickory Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Vinings Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Almeria Mt, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Almeria Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Blocks Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Parkcrest Manager, LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Reserve at River Park S, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Reserve at River Park H, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Waters Edge M Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Raveneaux M Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Towns of Riverside S Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Alanza Brook S Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Moorings S Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Villa Toscana S Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            






                            Passco Villa Toscana H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Warminster Business Center S, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Marcus Pointe Manager, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Stonegate Manager, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Pinnacle S, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Stonegate Mt,LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Indian Springs Mt, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Indian Springs Manager,LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Lionsgate H, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Pinnacle H, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Olathe Station S, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Broad River Manager, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Broad River Mt ,LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Rivergate Manager, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Rivergate Mt, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Marcus Pointe Mt, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Parkcrest Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Columns Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Brier Creek Depositor LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Almeria Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2017
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Vinings Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Hickory Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2015
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Wakefield Glen Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco VUE21 Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Encore at The Park Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Autumn Breeze Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Coronado Jv,LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Rio Rancho Jv, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Sundance Creek Mt, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Courtney Village Investor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Sundance Creek Manager, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Madison H, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Mission Ridge 1, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Mission Ridge 2, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Mission Ridge 3, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Chandler Heights H, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Lincoln Plaza H, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Glen at Alexander Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Rivergate Depositor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Bradville Square Owner, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Bradville Square Investor, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Younan Jv, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco/Younan Opportunity Fund I, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Madison, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Companies Development, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Moorings H Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2006
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Passco Creekwalk S Gp, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Governing Person  
                            






«
Previous



1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


11


12


13


14


15



»
Next




        Showing 8 records out of  114
    

















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Passco Companies LLC










96 Corporate Park
Irvine, CA 92606




2050 Main St
Irvine, CA 92614










Corporate Filings for Passco Companies LLC








California Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic                                



                                    Status:
                                

Inactive




                                    State:
                                

                                    California
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    200502410105
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Thursday, January 20, 2005
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Corporation Service Company
                                    








California Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    California
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    201310110107
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Wednesday, April 10, 2013
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Corporation Service Company
                                    









Advertisements










Sources







Texas Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, July 26, 2017
                            








California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Saturday, July 1, 2017
                            








Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            








Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Passco Companies LLC.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Passco Companies LLC and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















2
                    Known Addresses
                




                                96 Corporate Park  Irvine, CA 92606

                            


                                2050 Main St  Irvine, CA 92614

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Passco Companies LLC however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




2
                    Corporate Records

                



                                CA

2005
Domestic
                            

                                CA

2013
Foreign
                            





                Sources
            





                        Texas Secretary of State
                    




                        California Secretary of State
                    




                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    




                        Florida Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,712 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,135 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,712 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,830 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,310 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,777 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,851 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,574 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,350 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,222 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,135 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,641 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










Sturmer Pippin Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redding, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
H36 Sturmer Pippin Holding Company, LLC










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










DAR Waterfront & Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sherman Oaks, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel A. Rivero










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










Mpower Networks Services, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Jalkut










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Duke Partners II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wedgewood LLC
Gregory L. Geiser
David R. Wehrly










Afinarte Music, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Gaxiola
Luis M. Magallon










The Ululu Company

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matt Groening










Raterlabs, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daren Russell Jackson
Monique Jackson










Salomon Investment Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alejandro Salomon










Dli Properties LLC

                                                
                                                    Agoura Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Strategic Acquisitions










Sisyphus Touring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Defcon-1 of Temecula, Lp

                                                
                                                    Temecula, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jacob Goodell
Alan McEwan










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Gep Talent Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gep Atl LLC










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Sonder Restaurant Bakersfield, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        










Adventures In Wonderland, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Modgene Pharma LLC

                                                
                                                    Cardiff, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
J. Gregor Sutcliffe
Brian Hilbush










Treyball Development, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harry Smith










Necronomicom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Psiquantum, Corp.

                                                
                                                    Palo Alto, CA
                                                
                                        










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










Atz Ventures Corp.

                                                
                                                    City of Industry, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jason Ho










Breckenridge Property Fund 2016, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David R. Wehrly
Gregory L. Geiser
Wedgewood LLC










Clear Recon Corp

                                                
                                                    San Diego, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven W. Pite
David S. Dallal
Arianna L. Black










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Rasier, LLC

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Karen Walker
Gautam Gupta
Axel Martinez










Tiger Financial Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aysen Ozkan
Brian Ozkan Trust 2/12/
Brian Ozkan Trust Dated 2 12 07










Campion Maverick Inc.

                                                
                                                    La Jolla, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anjum Mahmood
Mukesh Assomull
Priya Assomull










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Dome Garage, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nationwide Theatres Corp.










Cloudchip, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cupertino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David D. Tsang
Jun Li










Xcl Titling Trust

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wilmington Trust National Association
Xchange Leasing, LLC










Arirang Mongolian Buffet LLC

                                                
                                                    Clovis, CA
                                                
                                        










M&A Instruments Inc

                                                
                                                    Arcadia, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qiang Zhang










Moorish Dignity Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Monica Owusu-Breen










Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Three Sons & A Dog, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Granada Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fordall Cole
Ford V. Cole










Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Peter Moldt










Costzon Inc.

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yindong Xu










Gyrfalcon Technology Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qi Dong










Fashion Nova, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Panorama City, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Saghian










Hungry Jackal Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dustin Lance Black



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
21 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
21 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
21 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
21 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
21 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
21 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
21 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
23 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
23 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
23 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
23 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
23 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
23 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
23 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
23 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
23 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
24 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
24 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
24 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
24 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
24 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
24 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
24 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
24 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
24 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
24 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
24 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
24 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
24 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
24 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
24 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
24 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
24 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
24 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
24 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
24 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
24 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
24 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,382
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,066
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,614
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,771
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,867
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,517
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,518
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,076
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,605
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,448
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,561
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Irvine, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Irvine, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Ghost Management Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin Hartfield
Douglas Francis
Wm Holding Company, LLC










Pensent Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jasmine Le










Creamistry Franchise, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Katie Yim










Partners at Anaheim LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Leonard Chan










Urban Armor Gear, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve Armstrong










PC Hospitality

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sam Boukai










Hbm-Medfocus, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tracy Pearson
Michael R. Henson










Flatirons Solutions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Geoffrey Godet
Kaan Erdal
Brian Morse










Neuintel, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anthony Ferry
Parsa Rohani
Jon Pfortmiller










Wordnautics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chuck Smith










Kinetic Energy, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nahid Hatami
Fereidoon Hatami










Best Choice Products, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chieko Yokobori Kroells










Charp Industries, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Larry J. Charpentier










Level 7 Artist Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Brown










Alignment Healthcare, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John E. Kao
Don Furman
Sergio Zaldivar










Origami Labs, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Oliver Thomas Cameron










Liberty Petroleum International, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaveh Majd
Kian Ashkanizadeh










Docs Done Right, Lp

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Docs Done Right, Inc










Octotech Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Zibiao Pang










Tenko Sushi & Teriyaki Lp

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shih-Rong Wu
Hsiu Ming Teng










Inspire Home Loans Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Palda










Rxlogix Corporation

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Precision Metal Grinding, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario Robles










Tmc Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Minoru Chen
David Bates










Fresh Right Hand, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Carpenter New York Development, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ccfw, Inc.










Network-Value Parts, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Telogiks Lp










Creel Information Technology, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joe Martinez










Docs Done Right, Inc

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Xg Communities, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Morgan Clarey










American Blast Systems, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald Culver
Gary Gardner
Ryan Ellis










Aukland Pastures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Agile Progression, LLC










6230 Yucca Urban Housing, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Related/Molasky Hollywood Urban Housing, LLC










C5 Interactive Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Truclear Global, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joe Del Signore










Irvine Errands.Com, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kevin Gerard Sutter










Vero Parent, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nicolaas Vlok










Candle Bay,Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Les Du Alba
Cindy Conrad










Future Db International Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Samer Arabi Katbi
Nazir Katbi
Abdullah Arabikatbi










Cove Map Fund LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Waterfall Cove LLC, De LLC
Waterfall Cove, LLC
Jack Ross










Obsidian Development L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hossein Mirzai










Kort & Scott Financial Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lee Kort
Michael Scott










Bend Properties, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stanley W. Gribble
Stan Gribble










Harbor Field Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jane Fujishige-Yada
Jack Fujishige
Nancy Fujishige










La Jolla Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel Neukomm
Toby Bost
Ryan Rush










L.A. Fitness International, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Louis Welch
Stan Yasuda
Kathy Polson










The Epoxylite Corporation

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Peter R. Dorsa










Gelato Paradiso Franchising USA, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Edward Liesenfelt
Steven J Sherwood Trust




















                    Recently found companies in Irvine
                





Company
Found




C Squared Moda, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Casa Paredes Housing Partners, L.P.


                24 days ago
            



Sokal Properties, LLC.


                24 days ago
            



Wm Housing II Federal Credits LLC


                24 days ago
            



True Blue Consultants LLC


                24 days ago
            



Lnc Real, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Wm Housing II State Credits LLC


                24 days ago
            



Diamond Interior Design, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Minte Labs, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Calgon Jv Leasing, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Hansung USA LLC


                24 days ago
            



Peculet, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Fantasia Anchor Investment II LLC


                24 days ago
            



La Puente 45 Group, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Jacumba Land Holdco LLC


                24 days ago
            



IGOT420, LLC.


                24 days ago
            



Simple Life - Creation, Consulting, Development LLC, The


                24 days ago
            



First July, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Wings Brand Activations USA LLC


                24 days ago
            



Veeragh, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Iwf South Flower Pl, L.P.


                24 days ago
            



Morrison Global Group, LLC, The


                24 days ago
            



Iiims, LLC


                24 days ago
            



USA Huali Educational Services LLC


                24 days ago
            



Artifacts, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Saradafoundation LLC


                24 days ago
            



Vita Larre, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Ipro Network LLC


                24 days ago
            



Mayili, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Adkin Biomedical Solutions, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Pacrimsportswear, LLC


                24 days ago
            



OURO8OROS, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Ipro Solutions LLC


                24 days ago
            



Scf - 2100 Q Street Mezz, LLC


                24 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 2 Mezz, LLC


                24 days ago
            



West Angeles Housing Partners, L.P.


                24 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 1 Mezz, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Scf - 2100 Q Street Owner, LLC


                24 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 2 Owner, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Pacific Rim Capital Management, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Access Point Media Group LLC


                24 days ago
            



Caymus Consulting LLC


                24 days ago
            



J & L Enterprises, LLC


                24 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 1 Owner, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Jvat Financial, LLC.


                24 days ago
            



C & W Holdings, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Road Infinity Education, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Bruin Inglewood LLC


                24 days ago
            



Velardo Drive, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Procura Genomics LLC


                24 days ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,382
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,066
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,614
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,771
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,867
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,517
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,518
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,076
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,605
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,448
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,561
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













New Invention and Product Portfolio | Enhance



































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











EggZact Boiler

Improving cooking processes

See more work
 
 
 



Skillet Slingers

Kitchen tools designed specifically for the job

See more work
 
 
 
 
 
 



PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES OF CONVENTIONAL THINKING
 
We’ve worked on a range of products, from housewares to exercise equipment.
Take a look at some of the work we’re most proud of.
 
 
 
 
 








Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 




Interested in working on a project?

Contact Us

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






















Contact | Enhance Product Development



































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







Contact Enhance
Call, email or fill out the form below. We want to hear from you.


 



Receive a FREE, no obligation consultation.
Confidentiality guaranteed.
 



 
 



If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			


























































Message 				






If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















 
 

Enhance Product Development, Inc.
Address:
11180 Zealand Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55316
Phone: 877.99.ENHANCE (877.993.6426)
Fax: 651.846.5039
Email: support@enhancepd.com
Business Hours:
8:00am – 5:00pm M-F (Central Time)
 
 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 




































Invention Design, Product Development & Licensing | Enhance




































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











Do You Have a New Invention Idea?

If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you.
At Enhance, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention or product ideas.

License Your Invention
 
 
 




From Concept to Manufacturing

Developing products is what we do.
From entrepreneurs to start-ups to established consumer product companies,
let Enhance innovate for you.

Services
 
 
 
 
 
 



Launch Your Invention Through Licensing
Our proprietary Design for Licensing strategy utilizes a proven system that seeks to maximize your success while minimizing out-of-pocket expense.
 
 
 




Prepare
Determine goals, research the marketplace and chart a course of action.
 
 
 



Develop
Design and develop your invention to meet or exceed your specs.
 
 
 



Protect
Acquire and protect your intellectual property by filing the patent application.
 
 
 



Launch
Professionally present your invention to companies for licensing.
 
 
 
 



Having been involved in licensing for over a decade, we have extensive experience with what licensees are looking for and have developed our design packages and method of establishing a license deal with one goal in mind: attracting a company to take your invention and pay you a royalty.

Help For Inventors

 
 
 






Team up with the Invention Experts
The most important part of successfully getting your invention idea to market is to establish an experienced team with an array of critical skill sets. With our knowledge in product design, invention development, marketing and licensing, Enhance is the team that can help lift your invention to success!


About Us

 
 
 




%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering and Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Overview of Product Design and Development Services
Whether you are a first-time inventor, a small start-up or an established company, Enhance can complement your business by delivering inspirational product design and development that will drive your bottom line.
 
 
 




Industrial Design
Taking an invention or product concept into reality is a core concern of our industrial design services.  Our mission is to optimize function, value and appearance for the mutual benefit of the product user and the manufacturer.  This means we seek to design both an aesthetically pleasing product, but also one that is commercially feasible.
 
 
 



Engineering and Prototyping
Getting samples for presentations or proof of concept is a crucial step to test how a product will function, as well as survey interest from potential customers or licensees. Enhance has the capabilities of making you a part through the use of the best technologies in rapid prototyping, from fused deposition modeling (FDM), stereolithography (SLA), and more.
 
 
 



Manufacturing Sourcing
Finding a source to manufacture a quality product at low prices and with reasonable terms is one of the most challenging aspects to commercializing a product. Sourcing is of utmost strategic importance and can make or break a product’s success. Enhance can help you navigate the complicated maze of locating and working with a factory overseas or in the US.
 
 
 
 




Marketing
From professionally designed sell sheets to product animation demonstrations or even full video production, Enhance can prepare the materials to make an impact in your presentation. From retailers to customers, licensees to investors, our work will give your product a professional appearance that will capture attention.
 
 
 



Licensing
Licensing your invention idea involves collaborating with companies well positioned to commercialize your product and pay a royalty. Enhance can leverage the product development to tailor a design package that attracts companies who will license your invention and pay you royalties.
 
 
 



Patents
Patent searches provide inventors with critical industry information and Provisional Patent Applications can be the first step to protecting your invention. Enhance has a streamlined and professional process that utilizes a registered patent attorney.
 
 
 
 




Services Overview

 
 
 

Our Design Work







Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are selling in:
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 





Connect With Us
Have questions or want to get started on a new invention or product?

Get Started Today

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





















Enhance Product Development | Submit Your Invention Idea















Develop & Launch Your Invention or Product Idea












Do You Have a New Invention Idea?
If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you. At Enhance Product Development, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention ideas. Simply put, "We turn ideas into REALITY."
So if you are an entrepreneur who has been working on a new invention for years or if you're an inventor who just came up with a new idea for a product, we can help!


Request FREE Inventor Information
100% Confidential. No Obligation Consultation.
* denotes required fields




Name*: 



Email*: 



Country*:

United States of America
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Canada
United Kingdom
Australia
New Zealand
Ireland
South Africa
Afghanistan
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald
Holy See (Vatican)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgystan
Lao
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia (FYR)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Georgia
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (U.K.)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Address*: 



City*:



State/Region:


 - select - 
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Guam
Northern Mariana Islands
Puerto Rico
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands




Zip/Postal Code*:



Phone*:



 











All information provided remains confidential.



Must be 18 years or older.










What Enhance Clients Are Saying





“Customer service is A+, you guys have been amazing!”
Erik R., New Brunswick, NJ
“My experience with Enhance was unbelievable. I am almost at a loss for words actually. Everything from the consultation to the sketches was terrific. Words can't explain how impressed I was with the effort and how everything was completed in a timely manner.”
Theodis H., Honolulu, HI


“I am more than impressed & highly recommend the services that Enhance Product Development offered and delivered!”
Becky B., Kalamazoo, MI
“The 3D renderings, logo and sell sheet were awesome! I was very pleased with the feedback that was provided along the way. Lastly, I'm extremely pleased on how quick my rough drawings came alive for me...”
Joe K., Dubuque, IA







Wal-Mart®, Bed Bath and Beyond®, Home Depot®, Toys'R'Us®, Walgreens®, Lowes®, Target®, Kmart®, Dick's Sporting Goods®, and Cabela's® are registered trademarks of their respective companies. The display of trademarks and logos does not imply an endorsement of Enhance Product Development, Inc. by the trademark owners. New product development is highly speculative and the use of Enhance Product Development's services does not typically result in a license deal or profit to the inventor.
For Free Information Call 1-877-993-6426











Follow Us: 

© Copyright 2014. Enhance Product Development, Inc. | Privacy










Why MyNewCompany? | MyNewCompany.com



















































Loading...












THE BASICS Corporation, LLC or DBA?
Which State to Inc or LLC?
Frequently Asked Questions
FREE Guidebook
WHY CHOOSE US? Why We’re Better
Compare Us
Our Credentials
Client Testimonials
ABOUT OUR SERVICE What’s Included
Our Process
After Incorporating
100% Guarantee
 



Start a CompanyWhy MyNewCompany?
Why MyNewCompany?
Warning #1: “File-only” shops. Most of our smaller competitors simply file your initial paperwork with the state (if it doesn’t get rejected — less than 1% of our filings are rejected) and send you a copy. This is not the complete process. There are step-by-step procedures (holding an organizational meeting, issuing shares, adopting Bylaws or Operating Agreements, etc.) for properly setting up your company that must be completed. In fact, not doing these procedures will nullify most of the benefits of incorporating or forming an LLC in the first place.
Warning #2: Do the math! Find out the actual state fee (which you can view on our site). You’ll discover that those $49 and $75 services are actually hiding considerable fees within the state fee. Be especially vigilant for “Rush”, “Expedited” and “Delivery” fees which can be outrageously high.
Warning #3: Get ready for telemarketing, spam and junk mail from our large corporate competitors. They freely sell your information and attempt to upsell you for the life of your company (one company is famous for calling weekly and never seems to stop). They bypass the “Do Not Call” rules because you engaged their services. Our privacy policy expressly prohibits selling your data or marketing to you without your permission (e.g. you subscribe to our monthly newsletter).
See also

11 Reasons to Choose Us
Verify Our Credentials
Client Testimonials
Why Our Prices Are So Low

Compare us to the Competition



 PACKAGE PRICING 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




Real State Fees (not padded with other fees)
 
 
 
Rarely
 


Starting Price for Basic Package (+ State Fees)
$149
$99
$99
Varies
$79


Starting Price for Most Expensive Package ( + State Fees)
$359
$349
$699
Varies
$239-$279





 ADD-ONS 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




Registered Agent Service
$159/year
$167/year
$235/year
$99-$299/year
$99/YEAR FOR LIFE


Obtain FEIN (Starting Package)
$79
$79
$80
Varies
$45


S-Corporation Election
$80
$45
$125
Varies
$25


Minutes/Compliance Service
$69 then $99/year
$75/year
Requires Registered Agent Service
 
$5 MONTH





 EXPERIENCE & GUARANTEE 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




100% Satisfaction Guarantee
 
 
 
Rarely
 


# of Filings Processed
Thousands
Thousands
Thousands
? (Best to ask)
40,000+


Files Same forms as MyNewCompany.com
 
 
 
 
N/A





 EXTRAS 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




Includes Personalized Bylaws (or Operating Agreement)
 
 
$99 Extra
Rarely
 


Digital Copy of Bylaws/Agreement (allows easy editing)
 
 
 
Rarely
 


Scanned Paperwork/E-Delivery
 
 
 
Rarely
 


Free Annual Report Alerts
 
 
Requires Registered Agent Service
 
 


Corporation/LLC Handbooks
 
 
$60 or $40
 
 


State-specific Startup Checklists
 
 
 
 
 


Free Maintenance Forms (Minutes, Banking Resolution, Action by Incorporator, etc.)
 
 
 
 
 


Business Credit Building option
 
 
 
 
 






 







































Customer Testimonials | MyNewCompany.com



















































Loading...












THE BASICS Corporation, LLC or DBA?
Which State to Inc or LLC?
Frequently Asked Questions
FREE Guidebook
WHY CHOOSE US? Why We’re Better
Compare Us
Our Credentials
Client Testimonials
ABOUT OUR SERVICE What’s Included
Our Process
After Incorporating
100% Guarantee
 



Customer Testimonials


Customer Testimonials



I wanted to take a few minutes to thank you and congratulate you for the excellent level of service we received from MyNewCompany.com and our organizer, Chris Mershon. We were in a rush to get our new LLC setup, and Chris and the MyNewCompany.com team were stellar in getting everything in place quickly and accurately. I plan to use MyNewCompany.com again for my consulting firm, and will happily refer any friends or colleagues to your service. Keep up the great work!
Rebecca Hinkle


I just wanted to drop a line to let you know how satisfied I am with your service. I had applied for a trademark through [A MAJOR COMPETITOR] and let’s just say that I only recieved a notice from the Federal Government letting me know that my intellectual property was abandoned. This is going to sound horrible, but I was shocked that you actually did what you said that you were. The communication was fabulous and quick and my papers where sent to me much faster than I expected. I will be using this company for all of my needs and I will be recommending you to everyone who asks. Thank you again for your exemplary service.
Johanna Crawford
Lunatorian Dreams Inc.


In this day and age, there seems to be scams and misleading information everywhere. If not that then plain old fashion hassles, when doing business. It is almost unbelievable when things go smoothly. I always appreciate good service. Thank you for the good service.
Kim Drangsland


I cant believe that you have already incorporated me in one day! I enjoyed speaking to you on the phone; you were friendly and very competent. Now, my corporation is formed and I can move forward. It’s funny. I’m now actually behind on getting my lease since I thought the incorporation would take the longest. Thanks Again on a great job!
Jeff Branco


MNC made the process so quick and easy. I am very happy with the organization and clear instructions you provided as well as timely email updates on the progress of my filing and paperwork.  I would definitely recommend MyNewCompany.com to anyone interested in starting their own business. Thank you for your help, I am off to a successful start thanks to you guys!
Alexis Durantini
Mill Valley Preschool, LLC


I recently incorporated myself using your services and I would just like to thank you for the top-notch
service! In an economy where bad business practice and sub par customer service is commonplace, your team truly stands above the rest. I was so impressed by the punctuality and personalized attention that I received that I will not hesitate to
promote your business to anyone who wants to go about incorporating themselves online. Keep up the great work!
Suzi H.


Thanks Matt…I think your company and service is TRULY SECOND TO NONE. For many years I used my attorney to open up S Corps and LLC’s. Never again. I run a multi-million dollar company but never realized how easy it could be with the help of a service like yourselves. I will certainly be recommending many other people to you in the coming year.
Sal Zangari
83 Duryea LLC


Thank you for making the incorporation process pain-free. You service, response and final product are outstanding. I really appreciate the ease and speed of the entire process. I will recommend My New Company to anyone that I know that is looking to form a corporation.
David  G.


Dear MyNewCompany – Doing business with you is a pleasure! Thank you for being so fast and for making your site so easy to work with. A small company doesn’t have a lot of money and being able to do the next baby step with a baby price really helps me to be able to do it at all. Thank you for your resources and for explaining everything so well. My new company is Isaacs Consulting & Development Inc. and I thank you again!
Debra Isaacs


Just wanted to drop a line to let you now how pleased I was with the process of setting up my LLC. Throughout the entire process I was given updates on the progress and quick responses to my questions. Clearly you understand that customer service is the key to business success…how refreshing! Keep up the good work. If I need additional
business services, your site will be first on my list.
Greg B.


I was WOWed with every interaction with customer service. They knew the product extremely well and resolved every question on the spot. If I knew what I was going to get before the order I would have gladly paid more – it was that good.
Peter Grono
My Bean Counter, LLC


Thank you for quick turnaround. You guys are pretty amazing! Very happy customer so far… If Microsoft achieved your level of customer response Apple would be long out of business.
Ted Rozsa


Your website is easy to navigate and understand. Your price is great and you delivered sooner than expected. The packet you sent was very helpful and easy to understand. It guided me every step of the way to get my new company up and running. When I did have a question you responded immediately. Thank you MyNewCompany…. you are the best!
Vicki Tiller
The Joshua Connection LLC


First, let me say how impressed I am with your service. You’ve responded swiftly and kept me completely informed. Excellent! Thanks for your time!
Brian Hazeltine


Thank you for filing my Georgia LLC. It was unbelievably fast and I’m so glad I didn’t have to do it myself. I love ya’ll!!!
Zuri Croson Murphy
M&E Counseling and Consulting, LLC


I just wanted say that you guys are awesome, and very very professional. You guys offered everything I wanted at a very great price, and assisted me in every question that I had. I will recommend you to anyone I know starting a new business. Thanks a lot for all your help, support, and services.
Rhonda W.


The process was quick and easy, the price was great, and the customer service was terrific, I knew what was going on each step of the way and was glad to be able to check into the customer portal to retrieve documentation.
Christopher N Gann
CN Gann Technology Group, LLC


Fast, comprehensive, and professional are a few words that describe you guys. I can’t say enough about how easy you made the process of forming my company. I’m sure I’ll be making a few bucks soon by referring people to you guys.
Matt H.


I wanted to share with you my extreme satisfaction with MyNewCompany.com. The process was painless and the website was well designed to give me all of the answers that I needed to make an informed decision not to mention cost efficient. You also put me in touch with Eco-Tax which I am grateful for the wonderful resource to take care of my accounting needs. I will definitely recommend your company to my associates.
Donnie Colvin
UT Monitoring LLC


Thank you Chris. Your service has not only been convenient but also reliable. I’ve referred you often and will use you again in the future.
Dr. Robert Neff


Thank You so much i am so excited! That was really faster than I expected, I will recommend MyNewCompany.com to anyone who plans to start their own business. Thanks again.
Robin K


Service was professional and quick. I like the portal and how it stores my documents for me. I also liked the handbook and how it laid out everything for me.
Kevin Shih
Servera, Inc.


Thank you very much. I’ve received my packet and have downloaded some of the information already. I’m very impressed with what it contains. I’m finding your resources to be invaluable and am glad I used your company to get mine started.
Steve A.


Just to let you know that I am very pleased with your services and hope to continue doing business with your company. I will recommend your services to anyone. Thank you to your support team.
Lamoussa Djinko


Thanks for all your assistance. You guys have done a great job communicating with me and compiling all the information I would need. Thanks!
Jaishree Knauff


It’s amazing. It’s fast and easy following up. I’ll definitely refer all people I know about this Company. MyNewCompany.com is the best. Thanks.
Frank Nguyen


Thank you very much. You guys have been great. I have and will continue to recommend you to others that I know may be interested in your services. You have made this very easy. Thank You.
Frank  H.


I really appreciated your help. It was prompt, clear, and efficient. I had no problems with the process and received the final packet before I thought I would. Thanks!
Jerry Nash
Global Pawn Promotions, L.L.C.


Show More




Thank you very much for our LLC formation. You were attentive to our needs and quite top-rate in expediting our State filing and in getting the whole package to us pronto. May I especially congratulate you on your excellent step-by-step communications. This is especially important when doing business via the Internet (building trust).
Ronald S.


I was referred to you by my mother, who has used your services several times, and you were exactly what she said.  Quick, professional and thorough for a good price.  I just referred you to two other people who have also used your services.
Jodi Castillo
Brock Castillo LLC


I wanted to thank you for the fabulous customer service today. In today’s busy times it’s very unusual
to have great customer service. The customer service today was impeccable. The next time I need to open up another business entity, I will use your company without hesitation.
Patrick B.


Thank you so much! Your company took a scary situation for us and put us to ease meanwhile taking care of business very quickly! Thank you again, we will always use your services for our Nevada Corp.
Kirsten Jensen
Fresh Organics, Inc.


Thank you for all your help. Your company has been very helpful and supportive in my new venture. I would recommend you to anyone who wants to start a new business.
Aimee  O.


THANK YOU for your professionalism and work done in the expected time period. I will gladly refer you to other businesses.
Linda  C.


Thank you very much for your terrific service. We will be sure to refer to you to all our friends. Thanks.
Debi P.


You guys are amazing! Thank you for your fantastic service!
Joel G.


Excellent job on the LLC formation! Great follow up info in the package to get me started, too! Thanks!!
Mike Powers


I appreciate your high level of customer service. I have already recommended you to 3 associates that I work with that all will be doing the same process within the next 30 days, so hopefully that will bring you some additional business. Thanks.
Ray D.




Please Note:
	These are a few of our real, unsolicited testimonials. We appreciate all feedback, good and bad.
	Please email feedback@mynewcompany.com



Verified Reviews








 







































Why MyNewCompany? | MyNewCompany.com



















































Loading...












THE BASICS Corporation, LLC or DBA?
Which State to Inc or LLC?
Frequently Asked Questions
FREE Guidebook
WHY CHOOSE US? Why We’re Better
Compare Us
Our Credentials
Client Testimonials
ABOUT OUR SERVICE What’s Included
Our Process
After Incorporating
100% Guarantee
 



Start a CompanyWhy MyNewCompany?
Why MyNewCompany?
Warning #1: “File-only” shops. Most of our smaller competitors simply file your initial paperwork with the state (if it doesn’t get rejected — less than 1% of our filings are rejected) and send you a copy. This is not the complete process. There are step-by-step procedures (holding an organizational meeting, issuing shares, adopting Bylaws or Operating Agreements, etc.) for properly setting up your company that must be completed. In fact, not doing these procedures will nullify most of the benefits of incorporating or forming an LLC in the first place.
Warning #2: Do the math! Find out the actual state fee (which you can view on our site). You’ll discover that those $49 and $75 services are actually hiding considerable fees within the state fee. Be especially vigilant for “Rush”, “Expedited” and “Delivery” fees which can be outrageously high.
Warning #3: Get ready for telemarketing, spam and junk mail from our large corporate competitors. They freely sell your information and attempt to upsell you for the life of your company (one company is famous for calling weekly and never seems to stop). They bypass the “Do Not Call” rules because you engaged their services. Our privacy policy expressly prohibits selling your data or marketing to you without your permission (e.g. you subscribe to our monthly newsletter).
See also

11 Reasons to Choose Us
Verify Our Credentials
Client Testimonials
Why Our Prices Are So Low

Compare us to the Competition



 PACKAGE PRICING 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




Real State Fees (not padded with other fees)
 
 
 
Rarely
 


Starting Price for Basic Package (+ State Fees)
$149
$99
$99
Varies
$79


Starting Price for Most Expensive Package ( + State Fees)
$359
$349
$699
Varies
$239-$279





 ADD-ONS 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




Registered Agent Service
$159/year
$167/year
$235/year
$99-$299/year
$99/YEAR FOR LIFE


Obtain FEIN (Starting Package)
$79
$79
$80
Varies
$45


S-Corporation Election
$80
$45
$125
Varies
$25


Minutes/Compliance Service
$69 then $99/year
$75/year
Requires Registered Agent Service
 
$5 MONTH





 EXPERIENCE & GUARANTEE 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




100% Satisfaction Guarantee
 
 
 
Rarely
 


# of Filings Processed
Thousands
Thousands
Thousands
? (Best to ask)
40,000+


Files Same forms as MyNewCompany.com
 
 
 
 
N/A





 EXTRAS 





Features
Legal Zoom
Biz Filings
Company Corporation
Other Competitors
My New Company




Includes Personalized Bylaws (or Operating Agreement)
 
 
$99 Extra
Rarely
 


Digital Copy of Bylaws/Agreement (allows easy editing)
 
 
 
Rarely
 


Scanned Paperwork/E-Delivery
 
 
 
Rarely
 


Free Annual Report Alerts
 
 
Requires Registered Agent Service
 
 


Corporation/LLC Handbooks
 
 
$60 or $40
 
 


State-specific Startup Checklists
 
 
 
 
 


Free Maintenance Forms (Minutes, Banking Resolution, Action by Incorporator, etc.)
 
 
 
 
 


Business Credit Building option
 
 
 
 
 






 







































100% Satisfaction Guarantee | MyNewCompany.com



















































Loading...












THE BASICS Corporation, LLC or DBA?
Which State to Inc or LLC?
Frequently Asked Questions
FREE Guidebook
WHY CHOOSE US? Why We’re Better
Compare Us
Our Credentials
Client Testimonials
ABOUT OUR SERVICE What’s Included
Our Process
After Incorporating
100% Guarantee
 



All Services100% Satisfaction Guarantee
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
MyNewCompany.com’s Guarantee is simple:  If after receiving your completed order, you are not satisfied with our business filing services for any reason, please contact us immediately and we will either correct the situation or provide a refund, your choice.
If requesting a refund, simply contact us within 90 days of purchase. Unfortunately we cannot refund money charged by the government (filing or copy fees, etc.) or third party vendors. We are, however, very flexible and are willing to work with you to ensure your satisfaction!
 

















































Incorporation Services - Incorporate a Business Online: S Corp or C Corp | LegalZoom
























































  



Sign In
                            or Create Account
|
Check Order Status

|
Contact Us
|
Our Satisfaction Guarantee




                            Speak to a Customer Care Specialist: (866) 679-2319


























Forming Your Business
LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC
Not sure which one is right for you?
Get help


Naming Your Business
DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name
Tax, Licenses and Permits
Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit


Additional Business Services
Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan





Corporate Changes and Filings
Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name
Real Estate
Real Estate Lease
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Other Real Estate Documents


Trademarks
Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings
Patents and Copyrights
Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance
Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Corporate Minutes
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions
Additional Business Services
Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan





Wills & Trusts
Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents
Not sure what you need?Help Me Decide


Additional Services
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Personal Legal Plan
Estate Plan Bundle(Save up to 43%)





Personal Services
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Student Loan Forgiveness
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate
Real Estate Lease
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Other Real Estate Documents
Additional Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan





Need Help?


» Speak to an Attorney
» Customer Care







Need Help?


» Speak to an Attorney
» Customer Care













X Close

What would you like to talk about?

Start my business
Trademark & copyright
Wills & trusts
Order status
Other








Welcome back

                Finish your .
            

Continue








Customer Care: (866) 679-2319











Most popular

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
DBA / Business Names

Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Trademark Registration
Attorney Advice

SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)







Starting Your Business 




Forming Your Business 

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC


Not sure which one is right for you?Help me decide




Naming Your Business 

DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements


Tax, Licenses and Permits 

Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit








Running Your Business 




Corporate Changes and Filings 

Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Trademarks 

Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings


Patents and Copyrights 

Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance 

Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Minutes Manager
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements








Wills & Trusts 




Wills & Trusts 


SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)



Special Offer 
                                                    Estate Plan Bundle
                                                    (Save up to 43%)


Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help Me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents


Not sure what you need?Help me decide




Additional Services 

Property Deed
Personal Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One








Personal & Family 




Personal Services 

Divorce
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Additional Services 

Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One











Log Out


My Account
Sign In


Help 


Check order status  
Check order status  
Contact us  


































Home ▸Business ▸Business Formation
Corporation
Form a corporation with speed, value and ease

Documents filed with the state forming your corporation.Personalized bylaws and resolutions defining who owns and manages the company.


Start my Corporation
Have questions? Give us a call contact us
Pricing starts at $149 + state filing fees
See pricing optionsView sample



















What customers are saying about our 

Read Customer Reviews






















Over 1 million businesses have trusted us to get started




Over 1 million businesses
Over the past 12 years, we've gotten pretty good at helping people launch their businesses. In fact, we've helped over 1 million of them.





Lifetime customer support
Our customer care representatives in the United States will be there to support you throughout the lifetime of your business.





Crafted by top attorneys
Our attorneys continually maintain our documents to be up to date with the latest legal requirements in each state.








Step-by-step guide on starting your business













Easy as 1-2-3




1. Answer a few easy questions in as little as 15 minutes





2. We'll assemble your documents and file them directly with the Secretary of State





3. You'll receive your completed corporation package by mail









What's the difference between a corporation and an LLC?
Not sure if a corporation or LLC is right for you? Fortunately, there are a few simple guidelines many new owners go by.









Corporation
Plan to raise money from outside investorsThe stricter formalities give investors the knowledge they desire about how your company is run.Plan to go public in the futureAre you shooting for the stars for a big exit?




LLC
Fewer formalities and legal requirementsFor example, you don't have to hold board meetings or maintain records detailing how every company decision is made.Ease of setup and managementJust set up and get to running your business.
Learn more about starting an LLC









Get started today



Economy

$149
							
						
+ state filing fees


The basics to get you started
Preliminary corporation name clearance and filing of Articles of Incorporation.


Personalized bylaws
Includes provisions that help protect directors and officers from liability.


$50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee
You get lifetime customer support and our 100% satisfaction guarantee.


View More
Continue


Standard

$239
							
						
+ state filing fees

Everything from Economy plus:

Deluxe incorporation kit
All of your documents organized in a custom-embossed binder


View More
Continue


Best Value
Express Gold

$369
							
						
+ state filing fees

Everything from Standard plus:

Rush processing
Expedited review and printing in 2 business days.


2-day delivery
Once documents are ready, we'll ship your final package for arrival on the second business day.


30-day trial of attorney advice*
Speak with an independent attorney on an unlimited number of new legal matters.


$30 off your federal tax ID



View More
Continue







Ask away.  We have answers.



Common questions

What's the difference between a C corporation and an S corporation?
The IRS allows corporations to choose to be taxed as either a "C corporation" or an "S corporation." Income from C corporations are subject to double taxation; that is, the corporation pays taxes on its net income and then the shareholders also pay taxes on the income that they receive from the corporation.S corporations have only one level of taxation. The shareholders still have to pay taxes on money that they receive from the corporation, but an S corporation does not pay taxes on its net income. While the S corporation is popular among small business owners, C corporations have greater tax planning flexibility.


How does a corporation protect my personal assets?
If a business operates as a corporation, the business owners, called shareholders, are not personally liable for debts or other claims against the corporation. That's because the corporation is a separate legal entity from its owners. If a corporation complies with the formalities required for it to be treated as a separate legal entity, then anyone seeking to collect a debt from, or enforce a claim against, a corporation, would not be able to collect from the shareholders themselves. They would only be able to pursue the assets held in the name of the corporation.


Why do many people choose to form their corporation in Delaware?
Delaware is a very popular place in which to form corporations. However, the primary benefits apply to larger public corporations or those planning to go public. Delaware's laws provide heightened protection for board members against lawsuits brought by shareholders, and Delaware has a court exclusively dedicated to resolving corporate disputes. These benefits don't mean much to smaller corporations. Keep in mind that if a corporation forms in Delaware and does business in another state, the corporation would be required to file additional paperwork, and pay any taxes and/or fees required to do business in that state. Given those factors, many smaller corporations keep it simple and form in the state in which they plan to do business.


What is an EIN?
An employer identification number (EIN), also known as a federal tax identification number, is used to identify a business entity for tax purposes. It's like a Social Security number, but for a business. In general, most businesses need an EIN. The only reason a business would not get an EIN is if it has only one owner, elects to be treated as a sole proprietor for tax purposes, and does not want to open a separate business bank account. In this case, the owner would use their Social Security number as the business identifier. However, there are disadvantages to this approach, namely the risk of liability.


How are LLCs taxed?
Unlike a corporation, LLCs have some flexibility in how they're taxed. Depending on how many members and the type of tax treatment the owner selects, the LLC can be taxed as either a corporation, partnership or as part of the owner's personal tax return (called a "disregarded entity"). By default, an LLC with two or more members are taxed as a partnership, unless they file an IRS Form 8832 to elect to be treated as a corporation. If the LLC has only one owner, it will be taxed as a sole proprietor, unless the owner files Form 8832. It's not necessary to decide which tax treatment until after your business is formed. You have up to 12 months to decide and can speak to an accountant if you need help making this decision.


What is a registered agent?
A registered agent (sometimes called a resident agent or statutory agent) is a person or business authorized to accept important legal documents on behalf of a business. States require businesses to provide the name of their registered agent at the time they form their business entity. While you can be your own registered agent, there are disadvantages. You have to be available during regular business hours and your information goes on the public record. If you miss a filing deadline, you risk being fined or shut down. Our registered agent service can ensure you receive important business documents, sort through junk mail and keep your information private.


Is a corporation right for me?
It depends on many factors. Get help deciding by answering a few questions here.






A specialist is here to help

(866) 679-2319
We're available Mon-Fri 5am-7pm PT,Weekends 7am-4pm PT
Our agents are based in the United States.





Speak with an attorney

Get legal advice from an independent attorney at a price you can afford.
Find out more























Questions and answers

								This public forum is not intended to provide legal advice and is not a substitute for professional legal advice. Unless specifically indicated, the content is not drafted, supported, or vetted by LegalZoom. It is simply a place for customers to help customers. If you need legal advice, LegalZoom can connect you to a licensed and independent attorney. If you are providing answers, please do not provide legal advice if you are not qualified or licensed to do so.
						













Create your corporation starting at $149 + fees
Add the power of "Inc." to your business
Start my corporation
Learn more about corporations










Incorporate a Business with LegalZoom - Form a Corporation Online Easily and Affordably

		 Protect your personal assets by incorporating your business with LegalZoom. When you choose LegalZoom to form a corporation, we create and file your corporation documents with the state where you are forming your corporation–which means fewer details to worry about when starting a business. To ensure your satisfaction with our business incorporation services, you receive lifetime customer support as part of our Satisfaction Guarantee. In addition, corporations formed through LegalZoom are backed by a $50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee. When it comes to something as important as forming a corporation, trust LegalZoom to help you take care of the details. Get started incorporating your business online with LegalZoom.          
	  







*Telephone consultations with a participating firm, during normal business hours, of up to one half (1/2) hour each, limited to one consultation for each new legal matter. After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787. For full details, see the Legal Plan Contract and Subscription Terms.









Get helpful tips and info from our newsletter!




view our current issue...


Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter!







COMPANY
COMPANY

About
Contact
Careers
Press
Affiliates
Blog



SUPPORT
SUPPORT

Order Status
Customer Care
Speak with an Attorney
Join our Attorney Network
See all services



LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE

Knowledge Center
Legal Help Articles
Business Resources
Additional Resources
Legal Forms
















An offer of membership in our legal plan is not an endorsement or advertisement for any individual attorney. The legal plan is available in most states.
© LegalZoom.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer: Communications between you and LegalZoom are protected by our Privacy Policy but not by the attorney-client privilege or as work product. LegalZoom provides access to independent attorneys and self-help services at your specific direction. We are not a law firm or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. We cannot provide any kind of advice, explanation, opinion, or recommendation about possible legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of forms or strategies. Your access to the website is subject to our Terms of Use.
View Site Directory





































Incorporation Pricing Packages - Incorporate Your Business Online | LegalZoom
















































  



Sign In
                            or Create Account
|
Check Order Status

|
Contact Us
|
Our Satisfaction Guarantee




                            Speak to a Customer Care Specialist: (866) 679-2319


























Forming Your Business
LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC
Not sure which one is right for you?
Get help


Naming Your Business
DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name
Tax, Licenses and Permits
Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit


Additional Business Services
Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan





Corporate Changes and Filings
Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name
Real Estate
Real Estate Lease
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Other Real Estate Documents


Trademarks
Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings
Patents and Copyrights
Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance
Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Corporate Minutes
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions
Additional Business Services
Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan





Wills & Trusts
Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents
Not sure what you need?Help Me Decide


Additional Services
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Personal Legal Plan
Estate Plan Bundle(Save up to 43%)





Personal Services
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Student Loan Forgiveness
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate
Real Estate Lease
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Other Real Estate Documents
Additional Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan





Need Help?


» Speak to an Attorney
» Customer Care







Need Help?


» Speak to an Attorney
» Customer Care













X Close

What would you like to talk about?

Start my business
Trademark & copyright
Wills & trusts
Order status
Other








Welcome back

                Finish your .
            

Continue








Customer Care: (866) 679-2319











Most popular

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
DBA / Business Names

Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Trademark Registration
Attorney Advice

SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)







Starting Your Business 




Forming Your Business 

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC


Not sure which one is right for you?Help me decide




Naming Your Business 

DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements


Tax, Licenses and Permits 

Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit








Running Your Business 




Corporate Changes and Filings 

Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Trademarks 

Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings


Patents and Copyrights 

Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance 

Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Minutes Manager
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements








Wills & Trusts 




Wills & Trusts 


SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)



Special Offer 
                                                    Estate Plan Bundle
                                                    (Save up to 43%)


Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help Me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents


Not sure what you need?Help me decide




Additional Services 

Property Deed
Personal Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One








Personal & Family 




Personal Services 

Divorce
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Additional Services 

Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One











Log Out


My Account
Sign In


Help 


Check order status  
Check order status  
Contact us  































Home ▸Business ▸Business Formation ▸Corporation

Corporation pricing
Package pricing varies by state1. Where are you forming your corporation?







Choose your state of formation






You get lifetime customer support and our 100% satisfaction guarantee.







You get lifetime customer support and our 100% satisfaction guarantee.
Fastest Delivery


Choose the Corporation package that fits your needs

EconomyBest price for the basics
$149
+ state filing fees
Get started


StandardGet extra perks and tools
$239
+ state filing fees
Get started


Express GoldFully loaded and expedited
$369
+ state filing fees
Get started





Preliminary clearance of your corporation's name









Filing of Articles of Incorporation









Personalized bylaws, including provisions protecting officers and directors from liability









Resolutions of the first meeting of the Board of Directors









$50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee









Deluxe Corporate Kit embossed with your company name









Official corporate seal









20 custom stock certificates with stock transfer ledger









Priority Rush service (7–10 business days)









Two-day delivery of final package









Discounted, expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN)









Discounted, expedited S Corporation election









30-day trial of Business Advisory Plan2
After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787.Plan includes:Attorney help30-minute independent attorney consultations on new legal matters*Contract and other legal document reviews (up to 10 pages)Annual business evaluation (12-month plan only)Additional benefitsAccess to a tax professionalUnlimited downloads from legal form libraryExclusive discounts on other LegalZoom offeringsCreditAlertTM Plus: a D&B D-U-N-S® Number and 24/7 email alerts to changes to your company's credit scores and ratings by Dun & Bradstreet.








Get started
Get started
Get started






+Except in Georgia, any required newspaper publication fees are not included.
++The filing fee to form a corporation in Ohio includes a minimum organization fee of $99. You may be required to pay a higher filing fee based on the corporation's total number of authorized shares. We will contact you if additional fees are required.
++The filing fee to form a corporation in Oklahoma is a minimum of $50. You may be required to pay a higher organization fee based on the corporation's total number of authorized capital. We will contact you if additional fees are required.
++In South Carolina, an additional $75 will be charged as attorney certification and walk-in filing.









Economy
Best price for the basics
$149
+ state filing fees




Preliminary clearance of your corporation's name






Filing of Articles of Incorporation






Personalized bylaws, including provisions protecting officers and directors from liability






Resolutions of the first meeting of the Board of Directors






$50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee






Deluxe Corporate Kit embossed with your company name






Official corporate seal






20 custom stock certificates with stock transfer ledger






Priority Rush service (7–10 business days)






Two-day delivery of final package






Discounted, expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN)






Discounted, expedited S Corporation election






30-day trial of Business Advisory Plan2


After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787.Plan includes:Attorney help30-minute independent attorney consultations on new legal matters*Contract and other legal document reviews (up to 10 pages)Annual business evaluation (12-month plan only)Additional benefitsAccess to a tax professionalUnlimited downloads from legal form libraryExclusive discounts on other LegalZoom offeringsCreditAlertTM Plus: a D&B D-U-N-S® Number and 24/7 email alerts to changes to your company's credit scores and ratings by Dun & Bradstreet.


Get started
View details




Standard
Get extra perks and tools
$239
+ state filing fees




Preliminary clearance of your corporation's name






Filing of Articles of Incorporation






Personalized bylaws, including provisions protecting officers and directors from liability






Resolutions of the first meeting of the Board of Directors






$50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee






Deluxe Corporate Kit embossed with your company name






Official corporate seal






20 custom stock certificates with stock transfer ledger






Priority Rush service (7–10 business days)






Two-day delivery of final package






Discounted, expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN)






Discounted, expedited S Corporation election






30-day trial of Business Advisory Plan2


After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787.Plan includes:Attorney help30-minute independent attorney consultations on new legal matters*Contract and other legal document reviews (up to 10 pages)Annual business evaluation (12-month plan only)Additional benefitsAccess to a tax professionalUnlimited downloads from legal form libraryExclusive discounts on other LegalZoom offeringsCreditAlertTM Plus: a D&B D-U-N-S® Number and 24/7 email alerts to changes to your company's credit scores and ratings by Dun & Bradstreet.


Get started
View details




Fastest Delivery
Express Gold
Fully loaded and expedited
$369
+ state filing fees




Preliminary clearance of your corporation's name






Filing of Articles of Incorporation






Personalized bylaws, including provisions protecting officers and directors from liability






Resolutions of the first meeting of the Board of Directors






$50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee






Deluxe Corporate Kit embossed with your company name






Official corporate seal






20 custom stock certificates with stock transfer ledger






Priority Rush service (7–10 business days)






Two-day delivery of final package






Discounted, expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN)






Discounted, expedited S Corporation election






30-day trial of Business Advisory Plan2


After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787.Plan includes:Attorney help30-minute independent attorney consultations on new legal matters*Contract and other legal document reviews (up to 10 pages)Annual business evaluation (12-month plan only)Additional benefitsAccess to a tax professionalUnlimited downloads from legal form libraryExclusive discounts on other LegalZoom offeringsCreditAlertTM Plus: a D&B D-U-N-S® Number and 24/7 email alerts to changes to your company's credit scores and ratings by Dun & Bradstreet.


Get started
View details





+Except in Georgia, any required newspaper publication fees are not included.
++The filing fee to form a corporation in Ohio includes a minimum organization fee of $99. You may be required to pay a higher filing fee based on the corporation's total number of authorized shares. We will contact you if additional fees are required.
++The filing fee to form a corporation in Oklahoma is a minimum of $50. You may be required to pay a higher organization fee based on the corporation's total number of authorized capital. We will contact you if additional fees are required.
++In South Carolina, an additional $75 will be charged as attorney certification and walk-in filing.








How it works



1. Complete the incorporation questionnaire



2. We create and file your incorporation papers



3. When we receive your filed Articles of Incorporation back from the state, we send them to you along with the rest of your formation documents, plus easy instructions for next steps








Optional services
You can select these additional services at checkout:





Economy



Standard



Express Gold






Federal tax ID (EIN)



                                $79
                            

                                $79
                            

                                $49
                            




S corporation status obtainment from IRS



                                $80
                            

                                $80
                            

                                $35
                            




Registered agent3ⓘ+Compliance Calendar



                                $159Included ($69 value)


                                $159Included ($69 value)


                                $159Included ($69 value)





Professional Corporation



                                $50
                            

                                $50
                            

                                $50
                            


International shipping available

                                Call us at (866) 679-1379 or send us an email.
                            




Questions? Call us at (866) 679-1379 or send us an email.





Optional services
You can select these additional services at checkout:


Economy





Federal tax ID (EIN)



                            $79
                        




S corporation status obtainment from IRS



                            $80
                        




Registered agent3ⓘ+Compliance Calendar



                            $159Included ($69 value)





Professional Corporation



                            $50
                        







Standard





Federal tax ID (EIN)



                            $79
                        




S corporation status obtainment from IRS



                            $80
                        




Registered agent3ⓘ+Compliance Calendar



                            $159Included ($69 value)





Professional Corporation



                            $50
                        







Express Gold





Federal tax ID (EIN)



                            $49
                        




S corporation status obtainment from IRS



                            $35
                        




Registered agent3ⓘ+Compliance Calendar



                            $159Included ($69 value)





Professional Corporation



                            $50
                        












International shipping available
Call us at (866) 679-1379 or send us an email.








Questions? Call us at (866) 679-1379 or send us an email.



Ask away.  We have answers.



A specialist is here to help

(866) 738-2980
We're available Mon-Fri 5am-7pm PT, Weekends 7am-4pm PT.
Our agents are based in the United States.





Speak with an attorney

Get legal advice from an independent attorney at a price you can afford.
Find out more









Incorporation Pricing Packages—Incorporate Your Business Online with LegalZoom

		 If you have decided that a corporation is right for your business, you can get started incorporating a business online through LegalZoom. LegalZoom offers three business incorporation packages to choose from, depending on the needs of your business. The economy package incorporation cost includes preliminary clearance of your corporation's name, filing of Articles of Incorporation and a Peace of Mind Guarantee. The Standard Package includes everything from the Economy Package, plus a Deluxe Corporation Kit embossed with your company name, official corporate seal and 20 custom stock certificates with stock transfer ledger. The Express Gold Package is our all-inclusive rush package offering the best value. This package includes everything in the Standard Package, plus priority rush service, discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN), S corporation election as an option, two-day delivery of your final package and a 30-day trial of Business Advisory Plan. Let LegalZoom help you form a corporation (C corp or S corp) online. All company incorporation packages are backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee for added peace of mind.         
	  






>1Pricing does not include post-incorporation requirements such as annual report fees, statement of officer's fees or corporate taxes. Please see the Incorporation Knowledge Center for examples of these fees. You may also contact the state, an accountant or LegalZoom for more information about these fees.
>2After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787. Some restrictions apply to 10% discount. Excludes shipping and filing fees and legal forms. Discounts are applied at checkout. For full details, see the Legal Plan Contract and Subscription Terms.
>3Once your corporation becomes legally effective, your card will automatically be charged $159. Service renews annually thereafter for the same fee until canceled. For full terms and conditions, click here.









Get helpful tips and info from our newsletter!




view our current issue...


Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter!







COMPANY
COMPANY

About
Contact
Careers
Press
Affiliates
Blog



SUPPORT
SUPPORT

Order Status
Customer Care
Speak with an Attorney
Join our Attorney Network
See all services



LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE

Knowledge Center
Legal Help Articles
Business Resources
Additional Resources
Legal Forms
















An offer of membership in our legal plan is not an endorsement or advertisement for any individual attorney. The legal plan is available in most states.
© LegalZoom.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer: Communications between you and LegalZoom are protected by our Privacy Policy but not by the attorney-client privilege or as work product. LegalZoom provides access to independent attorneys and self-help services at your specific direction. We are not a law firm or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. We cannot provide any kind of advice, explanation, opinion, or recommendation about possible legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of forms or strategies. Your access to the website is subject to our Terms of Use.
View Site Directory





















    ﻿
























How to Incorporate in 3 Easy Steps | LegalZoom.com

















      ﻿


X Close

What would you like to talk about?

Start my business
Trademark & copyright
Wills & trusts
Order status
Other








Welcome back

                Finish your .
            

Continue








Customer Care: (866) 679-2319











Most popular

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
DBA / Business Names

Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Trademark Registration
Attorney Advice

SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)







Starting Your Business 




Forming Your Business 

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC


Not sure which one is right for you?Help me decide




Naming Your Business 

DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements


Tax, Licenses and Permits 

Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit








Running Your Business 




Corporate Changes and Filings 

Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Trademarks 

Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings


Patents and Copyrights 

Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance 

Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Minutes Manager
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements








Wills & Trusts 




Wills & Trusts 


SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)



Special Offer 
                                                    Estate Plan Bundle
                                                    (Save up to 43%)


Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help Me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents


Not sure what you need?Help me decide




Additional Services 

Property Deed
Personal Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One








Personal & Family 




Personal Services 

Divorce
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Additional Services 

Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One











Log Out


My Account
Sign In


Help 


Check order status  
Check order status  
Contact us  































  

Back to overview






LegalZoom Deluxe Incorporation Kit Click to enlarge





View sample documents





LLC or Incorporation?

Click here to see our comparison chart




The LegalZoom 3-step process was developed by attorneys from some of the most prestigious law firms in America. There are no complex instructions to follow and nothing to download or print. Simply answer a few questions and get started on
              setting up your corporation.

Here's how it works:

Complete the Incorporation Questionnaire
						Complete our simple questionnaire. With LegalZoom, you can choose to form a new corporation or incorporate an existing business. You can also select provisions to help you guard against personal liability.
We Create and File Your Incorporation Papers
						We create and file the Articles of Incorporation (or, in some states, the "Certificate of Formation" or "Certificate of Incorporation") with the Secretary of State (or in some states, the "Department of State" or "Corporation Commission"). We even create company-specific bylaws and organizational minutes.
Final Wrap-Up
						When we receive your filed Articles of Incorporation back from the state, we send them to you along with the rest of your formation documents, as well as easy instructions regarding next steps.
 


 
Click here for a more detailed view of the incorporation process, including government processing times.



  
Call(800) 773-0888





 

Overview
Pricing Overview
Package Details
3-Step Process
Incorporation Education
FAQ
Glossary



 

With 2 million customers, your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed.



 
    
    
    ﻿


X Close

What would you like to talk about?

Start my business
Trademark & copyright
Wills & trusts
Order status
Other








Welcome back

                Finish your .
            

Continue








Customer Care: (866) 679-2319











Most popular

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
DBA / Business Names

Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Trademark Registration
Attorney Advice

SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)







Starting Your Business 




Forming Your Business 

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC


Not sure which one is right for you?Help me decide




Naming Your Business 

DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements


Tax, Licenses and Permits 

Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit








Running Your Business 




Corporate Changes and Filings 

Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Trademarks 

Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings


Patents and Copyrights 

Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance 

Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Minutes Manager
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements








Wills & Trusts 




Wills & Trusts 


SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)



Special Offer 
                                                    Estate Plan Bundle
                                                    (Save up to 43%)


Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help Me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents


Not sure what you need?Help me decide




Additional Services 

Property Deed
Personal Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One








Personal & Family 




Personal Services 

Divorce
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Additional Services 

Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One











Log Out


My Account
Sign In


Help 


Check order status  
Check order status  
Contact us  















































Incorporation Services - Incorporate a Business Online: S Corp or C Corp | LegalZoom
























































  



Sign In
                            or Create Account
|
Check Order Status

|
Contact Us
|
Our Satisfaction Guarantee




                            Speak to a Customer Care Specialist: (866) 679-2319


























Forming Your Business
LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC
Not sure which one is right for you?
Get help


Naming Your Business
DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name
Tax, Licenses and Permits
Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit


Additional Business Services
Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan





Corporate Changes and Filings
Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name
Real Estate
Real Estate Lease
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Other Real Estate Documents


Trademarks
Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings
Patents and Copyrights
Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance
Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Corporate Minutes
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions
Additional Business Services
Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan





Wills & Trusts
Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents
Not sure what you need?Help Me Decide


Additional Services
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Personal Legal Plan
Estate Plan Bundle(Save up to 43%)





Personal Services
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Student Loan Forgiveness
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate
Real Estate Lease
Real Estate Deed Transfer
Other Real Estate Documents
Additional Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan





Need Help?


» Speak to an Attorney
» Customer Care







Need Help?


» Speak to an Attorney
» Customer Care













X Close

What would you like to talk about?

Start my business
Trademark & copyright
Wills & trusts
Order status
Other








Welcome back

                Finish your .
            

Continue








Customer Care: (866) 679-2319











Most popular

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
DBA / Business Names

Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Trademark Registration
Attorney Advice

SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)







Starting Your Business 




Forming Your Business 

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC


Not sure which one is right for you?Help me decide




Naming Your Business 

DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements


Tax, Licenses and Permits 

Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit








Running Your Business 




Corporate Changes and Filings 

Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Trademarks 

Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings


Patents and Copyrights 

Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance 

Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Minutes Manager
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements








Wills & Trusts 




Wills & Trusts 


SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)



Special Offer 
                                                    Estate Plan Bundle
                                                    (Save up to 43%)


Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help Me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents


Not sure what you need?Help me decide




Additional Services 

Property Deed
Personal Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One








Personal & Family 




Personal Services 

Divorce
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Additional Services 

Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One











Log Out


My Account
Sign In


Help 


Check order status  
Check order status  
Contact us  


































Home ▸Business ▸Business Formation
Corporation
Form a corporation with speed, value and ease

Documents filed with the state forming your corporation.Personalized bylaws and resolutions defining who owns and manages the company.


Start my Corporation
Have questions? Give us a call contact us
Pricing starts at $149 + state filing fees
See pricing optionsView sample



















What customers are saying about our 

Read Customer Reviews






















Over 1 million businesses have trusted us to get started




Over 1 million businesses
Over the past 12 years, we've gotten pretty good at helping people launch their businesses. In fact, we've helped over 1 million of them.





Lifetime customer support
Our customer care representatives in the United States will be there to support you throughout the lifetime of your business.





Crafted by top attorneys
Our attorneys continually maintain our documents to be up to date with the latest legal requirements in each state.








Step-by-step guide on starting your business













Easy as 1-2-3




1. Answer a few easy questions in as little as 15 minutes





2. We'll assemble your documents and file them directly with the Secretary of State





3. You'll receive your completed corporation package by mail









What's the difference between a corporation and an LLC?
Not sure if a corporation or LLC is right for you? Fortunately, there are a few simple guidelines many new owners go by.









Corporation
Plan to raise money from outside investorsThe stricter formalities give investors the knowledge they desire about how your company is run.Plan to go public in the futureAre you shooting for the stars for a big exit?




LLC
Fewer formalities and legal requirementsFor example, you don't have to hold board meetings or maintain records detailing how every company decision is made.Ease of setup and managementJust set up and get to running your business.
Learn more about starting an LLC









Get started today



Economy

$149
							
						
+ state filing fees


The basics to get you started
Preliminary corporation name clearance and filing of Articles of Incorporation.


Personalized bylaws
Includes provisions that help protect directors and officers from liability.


$50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee
You get lifetime customer support and our 100% satisfaction guarantee.


View More
Continue


Standard

$239
							
						
+ state filing fees

Everything from Economy plus:

Deluxe incorporation kit
All of your documents organized in a custom-embossed binder


View More
Continue


Best Value
Express Gold

$369
							
						
+ state filing fees

Everything from Standard plus:

Rush processing
Expedited review and printing in 2 business days.


2-day delivery
Once documents are ready, we'll ship your final package for arrival on the second business day.


30-day trial of attorney advice*
Speak with an independent attorney on an unlimited number of new legal matters.


$30 off your federal tax ID



View More
Continue







Ask away.  We have answers.



Common questions

What's the difference between a C corporation and an S corporation?
The IRS allows corporations to choose to be taxed as either a "C corporation" or an "S corporation." Income from C corporations are subject to double taxation; that is, the corporation pays taxes on its net income and then the shareholders also pay taxes on the income that they receive from the corporation.S corporations have only one level of taxation. The shareholders still have to pay taxes on money that they receive from the corporation, but an S corporation does not pay taxes on its net income. While the S corporation is popular among small business owners, C corporations have greater tax planning flexibility.


How does a corporation protect my personal assets?
If a business operates as a corporation, the business owners, called shareholders, are not personally liable for debts or other claims against the corporation. That's because the corporation is a separate legal entity from its owners. If a corporation complies with the formalities required for it to be treated as a separate legal entity, then anyone seeking to collect a debt from, or enforce a claim against, a corporation, would not be able to collect from the shareholders themselves. They would only be able to pursue the assets held in the name of the corporation.


Why do many people choose to form their corporation in Delaware?
Delaware is a very popular place in which to form corporations. However, the primary benefits apply to larger public corporations or those planning to go public. Delaware's laws provide heightened protection for board members against lawsuits brought by shareholders, and Delaware has a court exclusively dedicated to resolving corporate disputes. These benefits don't mean much to smaller corporations. Keep in mind that if a corporation forms in Delaware and does business in another state, the corporation would be required to file additional paperwork, and pay any taxes and/or fees required to do business in that state. Given those factors, many smaller corporations keep it simple and form in the state in which they plan to do business.


What is an EIN?
An employer identification number (EIN), also known as a federal tax identification number, is used to identify a business entity for tax purposes. It's like a Social Security number, but for a business. In general, most businesses need an EIN. The only reason a business would not get an EIN is if it has only one owner, elects to be treated as a sole proprietor for tax purposes, and does not want to open a separate business bank account. In this case, the owner would use their Social Security number as the business identifier. However, there are disadvantages to this approach, namely the risk of liability.


How are LLCs taxed?
Unlike a corporation, LLCs have some flexibility in how they're taxed. Depending on how many members and the type of tax treatment the owner selects, the LLC can be taxed as either a corporation, partnership or as part of the owner's personal tax return (called a "disregarded entity"). By default, an LLC with two or more members are taxed as a partnership, unless they file an IRS Form 8832 to elect to be treated as a corporation. If the LLC has only one owner, it will be taxed as a sole proprietor, unless the owner files Form 8832. It's not necessary to decide which tax treatment until after your business is formed. You have up to 12 months to decide and can speak to an accountant if you need help making this decision.


What is a registered agent?
A registered agent (sometimes called a resident agent or statutory agent) is a person or business authorized to accept important legal documents on behalf of a business. States require businesses to provide the name of their registered agent at the time they form their business entity. While you can be your own registered agent, there are disadvantages. You have to be available during regular business hours and your information goes on the public record. If you miss a filing deadline, you risk being fined or shut down. Our registered agent service can ensure you receive important business documents, sort through junk mail and keep your information private.


Is a corporation right for me?
It depends on many factors. Get help deciding by answering a few questions here.






A specialist is here to help

(866) 679-2319
We're available Mon-Fri 5am-7pm PT,Weekends 7am-4pm PT
Our agents are based in the United States.





Speak with an attorney

Get legal advice from an independent attorney at a price you can afford.
Find out more























Questions and answers

								This public forum is not intended to provide legal advice and is not a substitute for professional legal advice. Unless specifically indicated, the content is not drafted, supported, or vetted by LegalZoom. It is simply a place for customers to help customers. If you need legal advice, LegalZoom can connect you to a licensed and independent attorney. If you are providing answers, please do not provide legal advice if you are not qualified or licensed to do so.
						













Create your corporation starting at $149 + fees
Add the power of "Inc." to your business
Start my corporation
Learn more about corporations










Incorporate a Business with LegalZoom - Form a Corporation Online Easily and Affordably

		 Protect your personal assets by incorporating your business with LegalZoom. When you choose LegalZoom to form a corporation, we create and file your corporation documents with the state where you are forming your corporation–which means fewer details to worry about when starting a business. To ensure your satisfaction with our business incorporation services, you receive lifetime customer support as part of our Satisfaction Guarantee. In addition, corporations formed through LegalZoom are backed by a $50,000 Peace of Mind Guarantee. When it comes to something as important as forming a corporation, trust LegalZoom to help you take care of the details. Get started incorporating your business online with LegalZoom.          
	  







*Telephone consultations with a participating firm, during normal business hours, of up to one half (1/2) hour each, limited to one consultation for each new legal matter. After the 30-day trial period, benefits to the Business Legal Plan (also Business Advantage Pro or Business Advisory Plan) continue automatically at the plan rate (currently $39.99 per month). Cancel by calling (877) 818-8787. For full details, see the Legal Plan Contract and Subscription Terms.









Get helpful tips and info from our newsletter!




view our current issue...


Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter!







COMPANY
COMPANY

About
Contact
Careers
Press
Affiliates
Blog



SUPPORT
SUPPORT

Order Status
Customer Care
Speak with an Attorney
Join our Attorney Network
See all services



LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE

Knowledge Center
Legal Help Articles
Business Resources
Additional Resources
Legal Forms
















An offer of membership in our legal plan is not an endorsement or advertisement for any individual attorney. The legal plan is available in most states.
© LegalZoom.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer: Communications between you and LegalZoom are protected by our Privacy Policy but not by the attorney-client privilege or as work product. LegalZoom provides access to independent attorneys and self-help services at your specific direction. We are not a law firm or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. We cannot provide any kind of advice, explanation, opinion, or recommendation about possible legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of forms or strategies. Your access to the website is subject to our Terms of Use.
View Site Directory























Corporation FAQs - Frequently Asked Legal Questions About Corporations | LegalZoom























Skip to main content







In addition to certain guarantees provided by law, LegalZoom guarantees your satisfaction with our services and support. Because our company was created by experienced attorneys, we strive to be the best legal document service on the web. If you are not satisfied with our services, please contact us immediately and we will correct the situation, provide a refund or offer credit that can be used for future LegalZoom orders.
LegalZoom Satisfaction Guarantee Details:

If you're not satisfied, simply call us toll-free at (800) 773-0888 during our normal business hours. All requests made under this guarantee must be made within 60 days of purchase. We will process your request within 5 business days after we've received all of the documents and materials sent to you. Unfortunately, we can't refund or credit any money paid to government entities, such as filing fees or taxes, or to other third parties with a role in processing your order. We also cannot refund any money paid by you directly to third parties, such as payments made by you directly to attorneys affiliated with our legal plans or attorney-assisted products.
If you want to exchange the product you ordered for a different one, you must request this exchange and complete your replacement order within 60 days of purchase. The purchase price of the original item, less any money paid to government entities, such as filing fees or taxes, or to other third parties with a role in processing your order, will be credited to your LegalZoom account. Any payments made directly by you to attorneys affiliated with our legal plans or attorney-assisted products are not eligible for exchange or credit. Any price difference between the original order and the replacement order or, if a replacement order is not completed within 60 days of purchase, the full original purchase price (in each case less any money paid to government entities or other third parties) will be credited to the original form of payment. If you paid for your original order by check, LegalZoom will mail a check for the applicable amount to your billing address.
Please note that we cannot guarantee the results or outcome of your particular procedure. For instance, the government may reject a trademark application for legal reasons beyond the scope of LegalZoom's service. In some cases, a government backlog can lead to long delays before your process is complete. Similarly, LegalZoom does not guarantee the results or outcomes of the services rendered by our legal plan attorneys or attorney-assisted products. Problems like these are beyond our control and are not covered by this guarantee.
Since we're dedicating time and effort to your legal document preparation, our guarantee only covers satisfaction issues caused by LegalZoom - not changes to your situation or your state of mind.

Updated April 13, 2012





X Close

What would you like to talk about?

Start my business
Trademark & copyright
Wills & trusts
Order status
Other








Welcome back

                Finish your .
            

Continue








Customer Care: (866) 679-2319










Most popular

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
DBA / Business Names
Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Trademark Registration
Attorney Advice

SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)






Starting Your Business 




Forming Your Business 

LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Incorporation (S-Corp, C-Corp)
Nonprofit
Sole Proprietorship
General Partnership
LP (Limited Partnership)
LLP (Limited Liability Partnership)
Compare S-Corp, C-Corp, LLC


Not sure which one is right for you?Help me decide




Naming Your Business 

DBA / Business Names
Entity Name Availability Check
Entity Name Reservation
Trademark Search
Trademark a Business Name


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Registered Agent Services
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Office Action Response 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements


Tax, Licenses and Permits 

Federal Tax ID (EIN)
State Tax ID
501(c)(3) Application
Business Licenses
Seller's Permit








Running Your Business 




Corporate Changes and Filings 

Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Foreign Qualification
Corporate Name Change
Conversion
DBA / Fictitious Business Name


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Trademarks 

Trademark Registration
Trademark Search
Trademark Monitoring
Trademark Statement of Use
International Trademark Filing
Office Action Response 
Other Trademark Filings


Patents and Copyrights 

Patents
Provisional Application for Patent
Patent Search
Utility Patent (Step I)
Design Patent
Copyright Registration
Help Me Compare


Business Compliance 

Annual Reports
Initial Reports
Corporate Minutes
Compliance Calendar
Registered Agent Services
Operating Agreements
Bylaws & Resolutions


Additional Business Services 

Corporate Supplies
Certified Copies
Certificates of Good Standing
Work Visa
Legal Forms and Agreements
Franchise Disclosure Review 
Legal Document Review 
Website Terms & Conditions 
Business Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements








Wills & Trusts 




Wills & Trusts 


SPECIAL OFFER
Estate Plan Bundle
(Save up to 43%)



Special Offer 
                                                    Estate Plan Bundle
                                                    (Save up to 43%)


Last Will and Testament
Living Trust
Living Will (Advance Directive)
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Help Me Compare
All Estate Planning Documents


Not sure what you need?Help me decide




Additional Services 

Property Deed
Personal Legal Plan
Legal Forms and Agreements
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One








Personal & Family 




Personal Services 

Divorce
Bankruptcy
Divorce
Green Card
Personal Injury
Name Change
Prenuptial Agreements
Power of Attorney (Financial)
Health Care Power of Attorney
Pet Protection Agreement
Disability Benefits
DUI / DWI


Real Estate 

Real Estate Lease
Property Deed


Additional Services 

Legal Forms and Agreements
Copyright
Legal Document Review 
Personal Legal Plan
Probate & Executor Assistance
Dealing with Loss of a Loved One











Log Out


My Account
Sign In


Help 


Check order status  
Check order status  
Contact us  

























 








Knowledge Center&rtrif;Corporation&rtrif;FAQ 









Corporation FAQ
Find FAQs related to forming a corporation.
















What are the main differences between a C corporation and an S corporation?


C corporations are subject to double taxation; that is, one tax at the corporate level on the corporation's net income, and another tax to the shareholders when the profits are distributed. S corporations have only one level of taxation. All of their income is allocated to the shareholders.
However, C corporations have greater tax planning flexibility and can shield shareholders from direct tax liability. In addition, S corporations are subject to limitations, such as the number and type of shareholders they can have.
LegalZoom will help you start a C corporation or an S corporation. Get started by answering a few questions about your company, and we will file your paperwork with the Secretary of State.



 





How do I choose a corporate name?


In general, the name of a corporation must end with "incorporated,"
            "corporation" or an abbreviation of one of these. A name will not be accepted
            if it is likely to mislead the public or if it too closely resembles the name
            of another corporation already formed in that state. Many states also
            restrict the use of certain terms in a corporation's name (like bank, police
            or insurance).
LegalZoom allows you to choose up to three alternative names, in order of
            preference. We will conduct a name check before filing to see which names are
            available. Please note that for government purposes the names "ABC, Inc." and
            "A.B.C., Corp." are identical. Therefore, you should disregard spaces, periods
            and the corporate ending when coming up with your three name
            choices.
If the name of your corporation will be used in connection with
            goods or services, you may wish to consider obtaining federal trademark
            protection for the name. This helps ensure that no one else in the U.S. may use
            that name in connection with the same general type of goods or services
            (except in areas where someone else is already using that
            name).



 





Is a corporation required to have a registered agent?


Each corporation must have a registered agent  (some states use the term "resident agent" 
            or "statutory agent," but the concept is the same). This is the person
            designated to receive official state correspondence and notice if the
            corporation is served with a lawsuit. Most states require that the registered agent must be
            either:

(1) an adult living in the state of formation with a street
              address (P.O. boxes are not acceptable) or
(2) a corporation or limited liability company with a business office in the state of formation
              that provides registered agent services.

One of the advantages of forming a corporation or limited liability company in your home state is
            that any officer or director (of a corporation) or manager or member (of an LLC) can act as the registered agent. However, there
            are some advantages to having another person or company act as your
            registered agent. First, this adds an extra layer of privacy, since the
            registered agent's name and address are publicly available. Second, this
            helps limit the risk that if your corporation or LLC is named as a defendant in a lawsuit, no one will surprise
            you at home on a Sunday night with court papers.



 





How much will it cost to form and run a corporation?


Each state charges an annual fee to maintain a corporation. In many
            states, you must also submit an "annual report" or "list of directors and
            officers," which is a one-page form sent by the state. Some states also have
            state taxes.



 





What are the advantages of incorporating in Delaware?


The advantages of incorporating in Delaware according to the Delaware Secretary of State: 
More than half a million business entities have their legal home in Delaware. This includes more than half of all U.S. publicly-traded and Fortune 500 companies. Businesses choose Delaware for its complete incorporation services package, which includes modern and flexible corporate laws, the highly-respected Delaware Courts, a business-friendly state government and the customer service oriented staff of the Delaware Division of Corporations. 



 





What are the main differences between an LLC and an S corporation?


An LLC has more operating flexibility and fewer
            corporate formalities than an S corporation. For example, an S corporation
            cannot have more than 100 stockholders and must hold both periodic director's
            meetings and an annual meeting of stockholders. However, owners of an S
            corporation may be subject to fewer taxes than LLC owners.
            For more information, please see "Differences
            Between a Corporation and a Limited Liability Company (LLC)" from the main
            guide.


 





Do I need an attorney to form a corporation?


No, you do not need an attorney to form a corporation. You can
            prepare the legal paperwork and file it yourself, or use a legal
            documentation service such as LegalZoom.
To learn more and speak with a representative, please call us at
            (888) 381-8758.



 





What is the procedure for forming a corporation, and what legal documents are required?


To create a corporation, you must file a document called the "articles of incorporation" 
            with the Secretary of State or other appropriate state agency. Next,
            bylaws and organizing resolutions must be adopted. A corporation will also
            need to apply for a tax identification number with the IRS.
Unlike many other incorporation services which only
            create and file the articles of incorporation, LegalZoom can 
            complete all of these required documents for you, including personalized bylaws
            and organizational resolutions.



 





What are the advantages of incorporating in Nevada?


According to the Nevada Secretary of State, the following details the advantages of incorporating in Nevada: 

No corporate income tax 

No taxes on corporate shares 
No franchise tax 
No personal income tax 
No I.R.S. information sharing agreement 
Nominal annual fees 
Minimal reporting and disclosure requirements 
Stockholders are not on public record 



 





What are the naming conventions for professional corporations?


Have you ever noticed the initials "P.C." or "P.A." after a company's
            name? These initials indicate the company is a professional corporation ("P.C.") 
            or a professional association ("P.A."). State law dictates what is required in the 
            name, and those requirements differ by state.



 





What is a professional corporation?


Professional corporations (PC) are corporations that provide
            professional services. State law and the regulating board determine what
            constitutes professional services and when you are required to be a
            professional corporation. This varies from state to
            state.



 





Can I be the only shareholder in my corporation?


Yes, a corporation can be formed with only one shareholder.
            However, corporate formalities, such as director and shareholder meetings,
            are still required in order to preserve the corporate form and prevent the
            shareholder from personal liability.



 





What is a corporation?



            A corporation is a distinct legal entity created under state laws which can
            open a bank account, purchase property, enter into contracts and operate a
            business. One of the most important features of a corporation is that,
            generally, its owners are not personally liable for the debts of the
            corporation.


 





When is a corporation considered a professional corporation?


The definition of "professionals" can vary from state to state, but typically includes professions that require a license, such as doctors, chiropractors, lawyers, dentists, accountants, architects or engineers. Depending on the state where you incorporate, the following activities may be classified as professional services. 
Accounting and financial services 
Architectural services
Legal services
Medical services



 





Where should I incorporate?


A corporation can incorporate in any of the 50 states, plus the
            District of Columbia. Many people choose to incorporate in their home
            state, which can save money in filing fees. That is because corporations are
            required to register in each state where they do business. For example, a
            Delaware corporation that has its main business office in Arkansas must
            register as a "foreign corporation" with the Arkansas Secretary of
            State and must pay applicable fees and taxes to both Delaware and Arkansas. Delaware is popular
            because of its history, experience and pro-business climate. Nevada is also
            popular because of its pro-business environment and lack of a formal
            information-sharing agreement with the IRS. Please read the next two FAQs for
            more specifics on each state.



 





Who can form a corporation?


Generally, anyone who completes the articles of incorporation and pays the
            state filing fee can form a corporation. There are usually no residency or
            other legal requirements. However, many states require that an individual forming 
            a corporation must be at least 18 years old.



 

 











Ready to Begin?
GET STARTED


Have Questions?
CHAT NOW

 














Get helpful tips and info from our newsletter!




view our current issue...


Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter!







COMPANY
COMPANY

About
Contact
Careers
Press
Affiliates
Blog



SUPPORT
SUPPORT

Order Status
Customer Care
Speak with an Attorney
Join our Attorney Network
See all services



LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE

Knowledge Center
Legal Help Articles
Business Resources
Additional Resources
Legal Forms
















An offer of membership in our legal plan is not an endorsement or advertisement for any individual attorney. The legal plan is available in most states.
© LegalZoom.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer: Communications between you and LegalZoom are protected by our Privacy Policy but not by the attorney-client privilege or as work product. LegalZoom provides access to independent attorneys and self-help services at your specific direction. We are not a law firm or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. We cannot provide any kind of advice, explanation, opinion, or recommendation about possible legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of forms or strategies. Your access to the website is subject to our Terms of Use.
View Site Directory




















LegalZoom gladly provides services to citizens of the EU wishing to start a business or protect their intellectual property in the United States. Additional costs may apply.








 



 

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


