




Home - PASSUR Aerospace






























 







 


Aviation’s Intelligence Platform
 





Learn More About PASSUR’s New Deice Manager: Streamlining One of the 
Most Congested and Delay-Prone Parts of the Passenger Experience

 
Learn More
 
 
 

 Learn How
What’s New PASSUR At-A-Glance











New Solutions Release
Check out the latest release of PASSUR Integrated Traffic Management, which enhances predictability, reliability, and capacity.
Learn more »




PASSUR Intelligent Query (P-IQ)
P-IQ is a new capability that allows airlines and airports to target their most important performance metrics and then identify specific opportunities to meet and exceed them.
Learn More Airlines/Airports »




Expert Webinar Series
Join our Expert Webinar Series: live online discussions with PASSUR’s Center of Excellence experts, joined by guests from the PASSUR customer network, sharing their extensive knowledge, and real-world scenarios about optimizing complex, costly aviation challenges.
Learn More»




Aviation’s Big Data
Big Data – our unprecedented variety, longevity, and detail of aviation metrics – is at the core of many of PASSUR’s leading capabilities, like predictive analytics and measuring performance outcomes.
Learn more »




Our Solutions Platform
A single integrated, web-hosted platform – PASSUR Integrated Traffic Management (PITM) – delivers business intelligence by targeting key constraints throughout the flight lifecycle.
Learn more »




PASSUR at the Podium
PASSUR has had a robust speaking presence across many prominent industry events this year.
Learn More»




PASSUR Network
Over 180 radar locations covering North America from coast to coast, and locations in Europe and Asia.
Faster aircraft position updates (from 1.0 to 4.6 seconds).
Learn More»




PASSUR Surface Management
Annual benefits at a major US airport:

14,800 hours total reduced taxi time
$11 million savings in fuel costs
48,000 tons reduced emissions

Learn More»




PASSUR Visual Flight Tracking
The latest release of PASSUR’s gate-to-gate flight tracking platform includes enhanced gate, hardstand, and vehicle management, and crisper map graphics.
Learn More Airports/Learn More Airlines




PASSUR Airport Communicator
Now automatically displays your airport’s emergency alerts, reducing the need for dual entries and potential confusion and redundancy. One-stop shopping for emergency alerts and advanced aviation weather sources.
Learn More»


 













Our Customer Network


 
125+
Worldwide Airlines 

5
of the Largest North American Airlines 

200+
Business Aviation Customers 

60+
Airport Customers 

12,500+
Networked Aviation Professionals 
 








A Few of Our Customers
Scroll to see a sampling of PASSUR customers.


 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 








Solutions We Offer



Flight Predictability
PASSUR ETA: aviation’s
most accurate gate-to-gate flight arrival prediction solution.
Learn more: Airlines / Airports



Traffic Flow Management
Optimize arrival and departure rates for airlines, airports, and ATC.
Learn more: Airlines / UAS Operators



Schedule Integrity/ Surface Management
Reduce tarmac delays, minimize taxi queues, and prioritize high-value flights.
Learn more: Airlines / Airports



Turn Time Management
Maximize gate and aircraft usage, and passenger on-time satisfaction.
Learn more: Airlines



Diversion Management
Reduce or optimize diversions and streamline diversion recovery.
Learn more: Airlines / Airports



Airport Fees and Charges Management
Automated landing fee, gate, and aircraft parking management.
Learn more: Airlines / Airports



Connectivity and Collaboration
Manage complex operations during major storms, events and security incidents.
Learn more: Airports



Business Aviation
Intelligent data feeds and predictability solutions through PASSUR’s Connectivity platform.
Learn more







Aviation Intelligence
Center of Excellence
A combination of data, experience and best practices; predictive analytics; and decision support software, creates a unique “Center of Excellence” in aviation that generates advanced, integrated solutions in key focus areas, including: surface management, flight predictability, traffic flow management, diversion management, and aviation rates and charges.
Learn more »

Expert Webinar Series
Join our live online discussions with PASSUR’s Center of Excellence experts and special guests from our customer network.
Learn more »








Markets We Serve





Airlines
PASSUR partners with 125 leading airlines for real-time information exchange.





Airports
60+ airports trust PASSUR for operational reliability and financial stability.





Business Aviation
PASSUR’s Business Aviation solutions ensure reliability, service, and growth.





Government
PASSUR helps government aviation agencies optimize NextGen infrastructure efficiency.







PASSUR in the News
The latest news and events from PASSUR. View more news »


7.24.17
Time Travel: Spokane is taking its first steps to becoming the city of tomorrow


7.17.17
Westfair Communications: PASSUR Aerospace System Aims to Expand Capacity at Fort Lauderdale Airport


7.17.17
Innovative PASSUR System, the First of its Kind, Enables Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to Expand Capacity – Increasing Capacity and Removing Constraints at One of the Nation’s Fastest Growing Airports


6.20.17
AIN Online: GE Announces Partnerships with PASSUR and GECAS









Schedule a Demo

Contact a PASSUR specialist for a live online demo. Contact us now »


Passur Conferences

PASSUR speaks at, exhibits at, or attends many conferences throughout the year. View the PASSUR Conference Schedule »


Videos





Customers and subject matter experts share their PASSUR solutions experience. Watch video »


At the podium



PASSUR has a robust speaking presence across many prominent industry events. PASSUR at the Podium »







PASSUR At-A-Glance 

An aviation intelligence company that makes air travel more predictable, gate-to-gate, by using predictive analytics generated from our own big data – to mitigate constraints for airlines and their customers.
Mission is to improve global air traffic efficiencies by connecting the world’s aviation professionals onto a single aviation intelligence platform, making PASSUR an essential element in tackling the $30 billion in system-wide inefficiency costs.
Customer network includes the largest North American airlines, over 125 airlines worldwide, over 60 airports, approximately 200 business aviation organizations, and the US government.
Solutions powered by years of unique, archived information from the world’s largest proprietary, private flight, airport, and airspace passive surveillance network.
A suite of subscription solution modules with information based on live, predictive, and historic information.
Help customers make data-driven decisions to eliminate the frustrations and unnecessary costs of air travel (reducing unmet aircraft at gate, connecting passengers, bags, and crews through hub airports, preventing diversions, and optimizing the arrival and departure rates at airports, to name a few).
An Aviation Information Center of Excellence combining leading experts with years of experience with the best of information to provide the right solution for customer problems.





What's New
 
07.17.2017 Innovative PASSUR System, the First of its Kind, Enables Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to Expand Capacity – Increasing Capacity and Removing Constraints at One of the Nation’s Fastest Growing Airports Learn More



06.19.2017 PASSUR And GE Partner To Advance Airline and Airport Operations Learn More



06.13.2017 PASSUR™ Aerospace Announces Results for the Second Quarter Ended April 30, 2017 Learn More



04.05.2017 Douglas Hofsass Joins PASSUR as Senior Vice President Airports and Business Aviation – Formerly at BBA Aviation and Assistant Administrator of US Department of Homeland Security – TSA Learn More



03.13.2017 PASSUR™ Aerospace Announces Revenue Increase of 5% for the First Quarter Ended January 31, 2017 Learn More



03.01.2017 Dan Smiley to Join PASSUR as Senior Vice President Global ATM – Formerly FAA’s Vice President, System Operations Services Learn More



02.28.2017 New Solutions Release Enhanced gate, hardstand, and vehicle management; two-way communication with PASSUR about new releases; crisper map graphics. Learn about the latest release of PASSUR Web Tracker 2.7.5.
Learn More



02.15.2017 New Solutions Release Check out the latest release of PASSUR’s Connectivity & Collaboration Solution, which includes integration of emergency notifications and advanced weather information.
Learn More



01.10.2017 PASSUR™ Aerospace Announces Revenue Increase of 19% in Fiscal Year 2016 Learn More 



12.15.2016 PASSUR Aerospace Deploys its Newest Flight Predictability Solution at two of the Largest US Airlines PASSUR’s Predictive Analytics are Used for 53% of Daily Passenger Flights in the US Providing the Most Accurate Information to Passengers and Enabling key Improvements Across Airline Operations
Learn More



10.20.2016 PASSUR Strengthens Management Team for Future Growth Learn More



9.12.2016 PASSUR Aerospace Reports 18% And 20% Revenue Increases For The Three Month And Nine Month Periods Ended July 31, 2016 Learn More



9.7.2016 AirMap And PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. Announce Exclusive Agreement to Integrate PASSUR’s Live Flight Data With AirMap’s Airspace Management Platform Real-Time Traffic Alerts Enhance Situational Awareness in Low-Altitude Airspace for Drones and Manned Aircraft
Learn More



9.1.2016 New Solutions Release Check out the latest release of PASSUR Integrated Traffic Management, which enhances predictability, reliability, and capacity.
Learn More



6.17.16 Join PASSUR's Expert Webinar Series Join PASSUR’s Expert Webinar Series: live online discussions with PASSUR’s Center of Excellence subject matter experts, joined by guests from the PASSUR customer network.
Learn More



6.10.16 PASSUR Aerospace Reports 18% And 21% Revenue Increases For The Three Month And The Six Month Periods Ended April 30, 2016 Learn More



4.14.16 PASSUR Has Contracted And Installed Its New Surface Management System, Including PASSUR Surface Surveillance Technology, at Three Airports, And is Under Contract For Three Additional Installations Learn More



4.5.16 PASSUR Selected by Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in Austin, Texas to Automate Landing Fee Program PASSUR’s Program is Used by 36 Airports Across U.S.
Learn More »



3.28.16 PASSUR Launches Major Enhancement To Its Traffic Management Suite: "PASSUR Intelligent Query" (P-IQ) Automates Targeting and Optimizing Performance Such As A14, D0, Turn Times, And Taxi Times
News »  Detail »



3.16.16 PASSUR Aerospace Announces Six Additional Airports Join Its Collaborative Network Learn More »



3.11.16 PASSUR Aerospace Reports 24% Revenue Increase For First Three Months of Fiscal Year 2016 Learn More »



01.22.16 PASSUR Aerospace Reports 9% Increase in Revenue For Fiscal Year 2015 Learn More »



01.05.16 PASSUR Selected By RTCA to Create Aviation Industry Performance Tracking And Analysis Dashboard Learn More »



12.17.15 PASSUR Aerospace announces the establishment of Unmanned Aerial System (UAS)/ Drone Traffic Management Integration Service Learn More »



10.30.15 Leo Prusak Joins PASSUR as Vice President of Air Traffic Management Products and Strategy Learn More »



10.01.15 Airport Communicator Manage large events, major disruptions, and complex daily operations by breaking down information silos between the industry’s key stakeholders on the industry’s most widely used real-time information exchange – now completely redesigned, mobile-compatible & user configurable.
Learn More »



10.01.15 Predicted Airport Demand True airport demand that accounts for schedules, delays, and ATC constraints – driven by PASSUR’s Flight Arrival Prediction, the most accurate ETA in the industry*
Learn More »
* 7+ independent airline studies that have shown PASSUR Predicted Arrival Time to be the most accurate source



9.14.15 PASSUR Aerospace Reports 13% Increase in Third Quarter Revenue and an 8% Increase in Revenue for the Nine Months Ended July 31, 2015 Learn More »



8.20.15 PASSUR Hires Chief Financial Officer, David M. Henderson Learn More »



6.29.15 PASSUR Hires Chief Technology Officer, David Brukman Learn More »



May 2015 PASSUR Surface Surveillance Lighting up the Last Mile: Affordable, high-reliability surface surveillance tailored for commercial requirements of airlines and airports. Learn More: Airlines » – Airports »



May 2015 Total Flight Prediction No Surprises: PASSUR now manages the entire ETA process, allowing an airline or airport to power all its critical systems with a single, consistent, accurate arrival prediction. Learn More: Airlines » – Airports »
















PASSUR Login Page


























   

            Please login to the PASSUR® system.















User Name:



Chat ID:








                               (If user name is assigned to more than one person)
                              






Password:
 




		        
		      




 
















                   
                  


















Solutions - PASSUR Aerospace


































 











Solutions 



 



 

The Power of the PASSUR Platform 

At-a-Glance
The PASSUR Platform is a unique aviation intelligence resource which:

Integrates and makes available data and information from all key stakeholders – airlines, airports, business aviation, and government – combined with PASSUR’s independent surveillance capabilities.
Is trusted by all key stakeholders to blend these disparate, siloed data streams into an integrated whole, to create visibility and solutions for key financial, operational, and customer service metrics that would not be possible on their own.
Enables all key stakeholders to communicate and collaborate in real time using the same common operating picture.
Represents operational best practices from all stakeholders, in the form of software and decision support solutions that have been designed from the ground up with input from some of the industry’s most experienced leaders in airline, airport, business aviation, and government – in operations, marketing, finance, and air traffic management.
Allows stakeholders to identify and optimize the most expensive and complex constraints in the system, and measure the results.


Extensive Capabilities for Airlines, Airports, Business Aviation, and Government
PASSUR’s aviation intelligence and predictive analytics solutions bring cost-effective, proven results to airports, domestic and international airlines, business aviation, and government agencies.
Our integrated surveillance network, decision support software and web-based collaborative management tools, along with a professional team of aviation experts, enable our clients to enhance operational efficiency, increase safety and security, and improve the passenger experience.
For Airlines
PASSUR provides solutions for airlines of every size through the PASSUR Integrated Traffic Management (PITM) platform. Learn more about how PASSUR solutions can help your airline address complex, expensive constraints that directly impact critical financial, operational, and customer care metrics. Learn more »

For Airports
PASSUR helps commercial airports strengthen operational reliability and financial predictability, through solutions for surface management, diversion management landing fee management, passenger information, and more. Learn more »

For Business Aviation
PASSUR provides innovative business intelligence solutions for business aviation – FBOs and flight management organizations – that help ensure customer loyalty and retention, segmented and targeted pricing and marketing, and a competitively distinct customer service offering. Learn more »

For Government
PASSUR’s Integrated Traffic Management platform allows government air traffic service providers to collaborate with airports and airlines to maximize the use of today’s traffic management infrastructure while creating the operational and business cases for airspace modernization investments like                                          NextGen. Learn more »


PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
On-site or on-call, the experienced service professionals and subject matter experts at the PASSUR Centers of Excellence work with your project, operations and financial staff on an as-needed basis to help you maximize the effectiveness of your PASSUR solutions, shorten the learning curve, and ensure a clear Return on Investment case that can be shared throughout your organization. Learn more »




The Efficient Flight

PASSUR solutions make air travel more profitable and pleasant by increasing predictability, gate to gate. Learn more »

PASSUR in the News7.17.17Innovative PASSUR System, the First of its Kind, Enables Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to Expand Capacity – Increasing Capacity and Removing Constraints at One of the Nation’s Fastest Growing AirportsRead more news and events »
Want to Learn More?


Sign up for an online demonstrationContact a salespersonSend me information

Phone: 888-340-3712 (toll free)
sales@PASSUR.com
 
















Passur Aerospace, Inc.                                                                                                   - Bohemia                                           , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Bohemia



Electron Tubes



Manufacturing - Cathode Ray Tubes, Including Rebuilt



                            Passur Aerospace, Inc.
                                    



 





















P 


Passur Aerospace, Inc.                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



35 ORVILLE DR STE 1 BOHEMIA, NY 11716
Get Directions



(631) 589-6800
 





Business Info



 Founded 1978
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $1,791,335.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Manufacturing - Cathode Ray Tubes, Including Rebuilt
 Contacts G S Beckwith Gilbert                                                                                                    







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Passur Aerospace, Inc.                                                                                                   was founded in 1978, and is located at 35 Orville Dr Ste 1 in Bohemia. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting G S Beckwith Gilbert                                                                                                     at (631) 589-6800. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























Robert Junge | PASSUR Aerospace, Inc | Email, VP Product Management/Airport Solutions, @passur.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Robert Junge

 PASSUR Aerospace, Inc  VP Product Management/Airport Solutions


Updated On : 
                    Apr 06, 2017                            

export

















One Landmark Square

Stamford, CT 06901


Email format for @passur.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
10 - 20 Million

Industry:  
                        Other->Aerospace/Defense                    
SIC Code:  
                         3577  - Computer Peripheral Equipment, Nec








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    PASSUR Aerospace, Inc's VP Product Management/Airport Solutions is where Robert Junge is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is James Barry. They are based in Stamford, CT, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Aerospace/defense industry. Robert Junge's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other PASSUR Aerospace, Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @passur.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Robert Junge are RJunge@passur.com, Robert.Junge@passur.com, Robert@passur.com, and Robert_Junge@passur.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@passur.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Robert J - Other
Need to know Robert J's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on United Air Lines Inc's Lead411 profile.  Robert J is the Pilot for United Air Lines Inc, an organization which has its base in Louisville, KY.  One can also find United Air Lines Inc email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @united.com url.  Aerospace/defense is United Air Lines Inc's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Robert J are RJ@united.com, Robert.J@united.com, Robert@united.com, and Robert_J@united.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@united.com addresses.
Robert J
Located in Rosebery, NSW ALLIED EDUCATIONAL SERVICES PTY LTD has Robert J serving as the organization's Sydney, Australia. Need Robert J's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in ALLIED EDUCATIONAL SERVICES PTY LTD Lead411 profile, along with their ALLIED EDUCATIONAL SERVICES PTY LTD email addresses using the domain. Search for ALLIED EDUCATIONAL SERVICES PTY LTD on Lead411 under the Other industry.  Some possible email formats for Robert J are RJ@pivot-point.edu.au, Robert.J@pivot-point.edu.au, Robert@pivot-point.edu.au, and Robert_J@pivot-point.edu.au. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@pivot-point.edu.au addresses.
Robert J - Executive
Trying to find Robert J's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Agora Resources Inc's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @agorahq.com contact information.  Agora Resources Inc is an organization centered in Concord, MA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Sales/marketing services category.  Robert J is their Director of Procurement.  Some possible email formats for Robert J are RJ@agorahq.com, Robert.J@agorahq.com, Robert@agorahq.com, and Robert_J@agorahq.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@agorahq.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Bonnie Fierro - Finance
James Barry is PASSUR Aerospace, Inc's CEO. Their Accountant is Bonnie Fierro. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Aerospace/defense industry. If you're checking for PASSUR Aerospace, Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @passur.com email format and possibly Bonnie Fierro's email. PASSUR Aerospace, Inc is based in Stamford, CT. You can also get Bonnie Fierro's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Aerospace/defense category.  Some possible email formats for Bonnie Fierro are BFierro@passur.com, Bonnie.Fierro@passur.com, Bonnie@passur.com, and Bonnie_Fierro@passur.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@passur.com addresses.
Richard Jones - Technology
PASSUR Aerospace, Inc's Senior Field Engineer is where Richard Jones is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is James Barry. They are based in Stamford, CT, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Aerospace/defense industry. Richard Jones's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other PASSUR Aerospace, Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @passur.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Richard Jones are RJones@passur.com, Richard.Jones@passur.com, Richard@passur.com, and Richard_Jones@passur.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@passur.com addresses.
Howard King - Executive
Located in Stamford, CT PASSUR Aerospace, Inc has Howard King serving as the organization's Vice President of Customer Account Management. Need Howard King's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in PASSUR Aerospace, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their PASSUR Aerospace, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for PASSUR Aerospace, Inc on Lead411 under the Aerospace/defense industry.  Some possible email formats for Howard King are HKing@passur.com, Howard.King@passur.com, Howard@passur.com, and Howard_King@passur.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@passur.com addresses.

People Directory > Robert Junge



















PASSUR Aerospace, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:02 PM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of PASSUR Aerospace, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PASSUR Aerospace, Inc., a business intelligence company, provides predictive analytics and decision support technology for the aviation industry in the United States and internationally. It offers data aggregation and consolidation, information, decision support, predictive analytics, collaborative solutions, and professional services to airlines, airports, governments, and business aviation companies. The company offers various solutions for traffic flow management, diversion management, flight predictability, surface management, turn time management, connectivity and collaboration, and aviation fees and charges. PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Stamford, C...
PASSUR Aerospace, Inc., a business intelligence company, provides predictive analytics and decision support technology for the aviation industry in the United States and internationally. It offers data aggregation and consolidation, information, decision support, predictive analytics, collaborative solutions, and professional services to airlines, airports, governments, and business aviation companies. The company offers various solutions for traffic flow management, diversion management, flight predictability, surface management, turn time management, connectivity and collaboration, and aviation fees and charges. PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


One Landmark SquareSuite 1900Stamford, CT 06901United StatesFounded in 196743 Employees



Phone: 203-622-4086

www.passur.com







Key Executives for PASSUR Aerospace, Inc.




Mr. James T. Barry


      	President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $325.0K








Mr. G. S. Beckwith Gilbert


      	Executive Chairman
      


Age: 75
        

Total Annual Compensation: $325.0K








Mr. Louis J. Petrucelly


      	Senior VP, CFO, Treasurer & Secretary
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Thomas S. White


      	Executive Vice President of Product & Operations
      


Age: 61
        

Total Annual Compensation: $245.0K








Mr. William S. Leber Jr.


      	Senior Vice President of Strategic Alliances & Government Affairs
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $230.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. Key Developments

Passur Aerospace, Inc. to Contract with Broward County's Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport for an Information and Automation Solution
Jul 17 17
PASSUR®Aerospace, Inc. announced that it has contracted with Broward County's Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) for an information and automation solution designed to increase traffic flows and capacity, and reduce delays and congestion, at one of the nation's fastest growing commercial airports. This new capability, built on earlier modules of PASSUR Surface Management solutions, is applicable to all airports where demand is growing and the capacity of existing infrastructure is highly constrained – including regions like South Florida, where sustained growing demand is pushing the limits of the existing aviation infrastructure. The PASSUR solution delivers new efficiencies at a fraction of the cost of major capital investments, by ensuring that: Arriving aircraft are promptly assigned a gate; All available airport resources are being optimized; Passengers experience a quick and seamless travel experience. This integrated solution is an important step toward Airport Collaborative Decision Making (A-CDM) in North America, which enables all key stakeholders to collaborate and coordinate on a common operating platform to prioritize high-value flights, reduce the number of aircraft waiting to take off, and sequence arrivals and departures to and from gate assignments. The solution ensures that FLL and all of its key operational stakeholders, including airlines, are coordinating their actions by sharing timely, automated information about the status of arriving aircraft and surface traffic movements.


Passur and GE Partner to Advance Airline and Airport Operations
Jun 20 17
PASSUR Aerospace announced that it is partnering with GE Aviation Digital Solutions to leverage GE's domain expertise in software development, design thinking and FastWorks. The work will take place in GE's digital collaboration center in Austin, Texas. With iterative input from their customers, PASSUR is in the process of creating the next generation of aviation intelligence solutions, to address its customers' biggest operational challenges and opportunities with the goal of improving overall airline and airport reliability, service, and cash flow " and is utilizing GE to help accelerate this journey. This partnership will be the kickoff of a design process that will lead to new, transformative capabilities for PASSUR's customers, and will shape the vision and future of PASSUR's integrated suite of solutions. It is an important milestone in both companies' active investment in the Industrial Internet, by advancing the integration of multiple data sources from disparate systems, together with machine learning, onto an integrated decision support solution.


PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. Reports Earnings Results for the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended April 30, 2017
Jun 13 17
PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended April 30, 2017. For the quarter, revenues were $3,423,781 compared to $3,809,402 a year ago. Loss from operations was $185,166 compared to income of $236,027 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $230,437 compared to income of $190,127 a year ago. Net loss was $38,112 or $0.00 per diluted share, compared to income of $122,135 or $0.02 per diluted share a year ago. The decline in Revenue was due in part to the non-renewal of a customer contract, which the Company believes will be offset by revenues from new contracts expected to be acquired during fiscal year 2017, on an annualized run-rate basis, and a decline in non-recurring revenue. 

For the six months, revenues were $7,039,337 compared to $7,244,882 a year ago. Loss from operations was $305,633 compared to income of $342,110 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $392,304 compared to income of $244,543 a year ago. Net loss was $294,663 or $0.04 per diluted share, compared to income of $146,709 or $0.02 per diluted share a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PASSUR Aerospace, Inc., please visit www.passur.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























  PSSR:OTC US Stock Quote - PASSUR Aerospace Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  PASSUR Aerospace Inc   PSSR:US   OTC US        2.90USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 5:20 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   2.90    Day Range   2.90 - 2.90    Volume   851    Previous Close   2.90    52Wk Range   2.50 - 7.00    1 Yr Return   -3.33%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   2.90    Day Range   2.90 - 2.90    Volume   851    Previous Close   2.90    52Wk Range   2.50 - 7.00    1 Yr Return   -3.33%    YTD Return   -27.50%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   758.96    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (m USD)   22.319    Shares Outstanding  (m)   7.696    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.52    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.54%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change +0.14%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/17/2017   Innovative PASSUR System, The First of Its Kind, Enables Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to Expand Capacity     6/20/2017   PASSUR and GE Partner to Advance Airline and Airport Operations     6/13/2017   PASSUR™ Aerospace Announces Results for the Second Quarter Ended April 30, 2017     4/5/2017   Douglas Hofsass Joins PASSUR as Senior Vice President Airports and Business Aviation Formerly at BBA Aviation and Assistant     3/13/2017   PASSUR™ Aerospace Announces Revenue Increase of 5% for the First Quarter Ended January 31, 2017     3/1/2017   Dan Smiley to Join PASSUR as Senior Vice President Global ATM Formerly FAA's Vice President, System Operations Services    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. designs and markets an integrated operations control and management system for the aviation industry known as PASSUR- Passive Secondary Surveillance Radar- which is based on an independent network of radar installations.  The Company also supplies information, data services, and software to the aviation industry.    Address  One Landmark SquareSuite 1900Stamford, CT 06901United States   Phone  1-203-622-4086   Website   www.passur.com     Executives Board Members      G S Beckwith Gilbert   Chairman    James T Barry "Jim"  President/CEO    David M Henderson  Chief Product Officer    David Brukman  Chief Technology Officer    Louis J Petrucelly  Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer/Secy/IR     Show More         PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. 8-K Oct 20 2016 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (PSSR)FORM 8-K | Current reportOct 20 2016|About: PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (PSSR)View as PDF

 PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 10/20/2016 08:47:58) 











	 



	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION





	Washington,
	DC 20549




	 



	FORM 8-K



	 




	CURRENT
	REPORT Pursuant






	to
	Section 13 or 15(d) of the






	Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934




	 




	Date of report (Date of earliest event reported)


	October 17, 2016




	 


	PASSUR
	AEROSPACE, INC.


	(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
	Its Charter)


	 




	New York


	(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)


	 




	0-7642


	11-2208938





	(Commission File Number)




	(IRS Employer Identification No.)





	 







	One Landmark Square, Suite 1900


	Stamford,
	CT 



	06901





	(Address of Principal Executive Offices)



	(Zip Code)





	 


	203-622-4086


	(Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including
	Area Code)


	 


	 




	 




	(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
	Since Last Report)


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the
	Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
	(

	see

	General Instruction A.2. below):


	 







	☐



	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)




	 







	☐



	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)




	 







	☐



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




	 







	☐



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))




	 



	 




	 





	 












	Item 5.02.




	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
	of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensation Arrangements of Certain Officers.





	 


	On October
	20, 2016, PASSUR Aerospace, Inc. (the “

	Company

	”) announced that Louis J. Petrucelly, age 42, has been appointed
	as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company. Mr. Petrucelly assumed the role of Chief
	Financial Officer effective October 17, 2016, succeeding David M. Henderson, who, on the effective date, was promoted to Chief
	Product Officer.


	 


	From August
	2012 through September 2016, Mr. Petrucelly served as Chief Financial Officer of Falconstor Software Inc. (“Falconstor”),
	a leading software-defined storage company. He served as Falconstor’s Director of Finance from March 2008 to May 2012 and
	as Acting Chief Financial Officer from May 2012 to August 2012. Mr. Petrucelly had been with Falconstor since March 2007. Mr. Petrucelly
	previously worked at the Company when he served as

	CFO from 2002 to 2004.

	He holds a B.S. from the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University.


	 


	Mr. Petrucelly
	will receive an annual base salary of $260,000 and was granted the option to acquire 100,000 shares of the Company’s stock
	(as approved by the Company’s Board of Directors), which has a five-year vesting period and was priced at the price of the
	Company’s stock on October 17, 2016, Mr. Petrucelly’s date of hire.


	 


	Mr. Petrucelly
	also will be eligible for the standard Company benefits, including participation in the Company’s 401K program. The Company
	and Mr. Petrucelly will also enter into an agreement which would provide for payment of twelve months of base salary under certain
	circumstances in the event of a change-of-control. Mr. Petrucelly is also subject to the customary non-compete and confidentiality
	agreement.


	 


	There was
	no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Petrucelly and any other person(s) pursuant to which he was appointed as Senior Vice
	President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. There are no family relationships between Mr. Petrucelly and any director,
	executive officer or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. There are no transactions
	or any currently proposed transactions (other than Mr. Petrucelly’s compensation), in which the Company was or is to be a
	party in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which Mr. Petrucelly had or will have a direct or indirect material
	interest.


	 


	The text of
	the press release issued by the Company is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.




	 











	Item 9.01




	Financial Statements and Exhibits.






	 







	(d)


	Exhibits




	 






	 



	Exhibit Number




	Description





	 


	 


	 




	 


	99.1


	Press release of the Company dated October 20, 2016









	 




	 




	 




	 





	 






	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
	of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


	 






	 


	PASSUR AEROSPACE, INC.


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By:  

	/s/ James T. Barry



	 




	 


	Name:  James T. Barry


	 




	 


	Title:   President and Chief Executive Officer


	 






	 


	Date:  October 20, 2016



	 





	 












	Exhibit 99.1



	 


Click to enlarge
	 



	  







	FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE




	 



	Contacts:








	Media



	 



	Investor Relations





	Ron Dunsky


	 


	Louis J. Petrucelly




	SVP Marketing and Communications


	 


	SVP and Chief Financial Officer




	(203) 622-4086


	 


	(203) 622-4086




	rondunsky@passur.com


	 


	lpetrucelly@passur.com









	 






	PASSUR
	Strengthens Management Team for Future Growth






	 




	Stamford, CT, October 20, 2016 — PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace, Inc. (OTC: PSSR), a business intelligence, predictive analytics, and big data company, announced several senior additions
	to its management team to support the Company’s long-term strategic plan to drive customer value and company revenue growth.
	Matthew A. DeLellis has been hired as Chief Growth Officer, Louis J. Petrucelly has been hired as Senior Vice President and Chief
	Financial Officer, and David M. Henderson has been promoted to Chief Product Officer.


	 


	"We continue to build upon and strengthen our management
	team to help us achieve the next level of growth and deliver even greater value to our customers," said Jim Barry, PASSUR
	President and CEO. "Hiring Matt DeLellis as Chief Growth Officer and moving David Henderson to Chief Product Officer will
	be instrumental in allowing us to focus on the more complete solutions that are most critical to our customers. Lou Petrucelly
	joins us with years of public company experience, and deep involvement with technology companies – he is a great addition
	to our management team,” said Mr. Barry.


	 



	Mr. DeLellis joins PASSUR
	as Chief Growth Officer, where he will initially be responsible for providing broader and more complete customer solutions through
	partnerships and alliances. These new relationships will also help to scale PASSUR’s solution suite to reach more customers,
	both domestically and internationally. Mr. DeLellis previously was Senior Vice President of Strategy & Corporate Development
	at Landmark Aviation, a leading aviation services company serving the general aviation, government, and business aviation industries.
	Mr. DeLellis has over twelve years of public company and portfolio company experience across multiple industries and has been a
	proven leader in the execution of several organic and inorganic growth strategies throughout his career. Previously, he served
	as the Vice President and Treasurer at publicly traded Cardtronics, Inc. and began his professional career as an investment banker
	with Lehman Brothers. Mr. DeLellis received his BA in Mathematics from Dartmouth College and his MBA from the Tuck School of Business
	at Dartmouth.



	 


	Mr. Petrucelly rejoins PASSUR after spending almost

	 ten
	years at FalconStor Software, Inc., a leading software-defined storage data services company, serving most recently as Executive
	Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Prior to FalconStor, Mr. Petrucelly spent time in senior financial positions
	at both Granite Broadcasting Corporation and PASSUR, where he was CFO from 2002 to 2004. He began his career with Ernst & Young,
	LLP. Mr. Petrucelly received his B.S. from the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University.



	 


	Mr. Henderson joined PASSUR last year as Chief Financial Officer
	and is moving into the newly created role of Chief Product Officer, where he will work with PASSUR’s sales, account management,
	product management, and marketing teams to drive the execution of PASSUR’s strategic plan, improve product positioning and
	commercialization, and articulate PASSUR’s solutions’ value to the marketplace.


	 



	About PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace, Inc.



	PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace is a leading business intelligence
	company, providing predictive analytics and decision support technology for the aviation industry primarily to improve the operational
	performance and cash flow of airlines and the airports where they operate. PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace’s information
	solutions are used by the largest five North American airlines, over 60 airport customers, (including 22 of the top 30 North American
	airports, with PASSUR solutions also used at the remaining eight airports by one or more airline customer), more than 200 corporate
	aviation customers, and the U.S. government. PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace owns and operates the largest commercial passive
	radar network in the world that provides aircraft position updates every 1 to 4.6 seconds, powering a proprietary database that
	is accessible in real-time and delivers timely and accurate information and solutions via PASSUR’s industry-leading algorithms
	and business logic included in its products. Visit PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace’s website at www.passur.com for updated
	products, solutions, and news.


	 



	 




	 




	 




	Forward-Looking Statements




	The information provided in this press release contains “forward-looking
	statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace’s
	future plans, objectives, and expected performance. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “could,”
	“should,” “would,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,”
	“intend,” “objective,” “seek,” “strive,” “might,” “likely result,”
	“build,” “grow,” “plan,” “goal,” “expand,” “position,”
	or similar words, or the negatives of these words, or similar terminology, identify forward-looking statements. These statements
	are based on assumptions that the company believes are reasonable, but are subject to a wide range of risks and uncertainties,
	and a number of factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
	statements referred to above. These factors include, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties discussed under “Risk
	Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in
	the company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015; the uncertainties related to the ability of the company
	to sell its existing product and professional service lines, as well as in new products and professional services (due to potential
	competitive pressure from other companies or other products); and the potential for terrorist attacks, changes in fuel costs, airline
	bankruptcies and consolidations, economic conditions, and other risks detailed in the company's periodic reports filed with the
	Securities and Exchange Commission. Other uncertainties which could impact the company include, without limitation, uncertainties
	with respect to future changes in governmental regulation and the impact that such changes in regulation will have on the company’s
	business. Additional uncertainties include, without limitation, uncertainties relating to: (1) the company's ability to find and
	maintain the personnel necessary to sell, manufacture, and service its products; (2) its ability to adequately protect its intellectual
	property; and (3) its ability to secure future financing. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
	statements, which relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made and which reflect management’s analysis,
	judgments, beliefs, or expectations only as of such date. PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace undertakes no obligation to publicly
	update any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
	Readers are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures PASSUR

	®

	Aerospace makes on related subjects in
	its Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.


	 


	 





	 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














passur aerospace inc - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Passur Aerospace - Passur Aerospace.



Ad
 ·
HomeAndGardenIdeas.com/​Aerospace



Passur Aerospace. Search Today & Find More Results.




The New Space Race - Exchanges at GS Podcast



Ad
 ·
www.goldmansachs.com/​exchanges/​podcast



The innovations and investments heating up the space economy.



Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

PASSUR AEROSPACE INC PSSR - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/otcp/passur-aerospace-inc-pssr


View the basic PSSR stock information on AOL Finance and compare PASSUR-AEROSPACE-INC against other companies


Stock price and news - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/lookup/PSS


View the basic stock information on AOL Finance and compare ... PASSUR Aerospace Inc: OTCP: Quote ... You can now search stock quotes from your favorite ...


New AirMap feature helps drones avoid manned aircraft ...

https://techcrunch.com/2016/09/07/new-airmap-feature-helps-drones...


New AirMap feature helps drones avoid manned aircraft. ... Connecticut-based Passur Aerospace Inc., ... Aerospace, ...


Industries news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/industries?s_pt=aolsem&s_chn=226


Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Industries videos and ... PASSUR® Aerospace, Inc. (OTC ... innovative-passur-system-the-first-of-its-kind ...


Business news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/business


STAMFORD, CONN. - Passur Aerospace, Inc., a business intelligence, predictive analytics, and big data company, announced that it has contracted...


Fresno Yosemite International Airport - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Fresno_Air_Base


Fresno Yosemite International Airport ... WestAir would later serve Fresno with British Aerospace BAe 146-200 jets operating as ... (PASSUR Flight Information ...


Bangladesh Navy - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bangladesh_Navy


The Bangladesh Navy ... They carried out mining in Passur River Channel by ... She also perticipated in Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition ...


Fresno Yosemite International Airport - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Hammer_Army_Airfield


Fresno Yosemite International Airport ... 737-200s, British Aerospace BAe 146-200s and McDonnell Douglas MD80s; ... (PASSUR Flight Information Display) ...










Passur Aerospace - Passur Aerospace.



Ad
 ·
HomeAndGardenIdeas.com/​Aerospace



Passur Aerospace. Search Today & Find More Results.




The New Space Race - Exchanges at GS Podcast



Ad
 ·
www.goldmansachs.com/​exchanges/​podcast



The innovations and investments heating up the space economy.



Searches related topassur aerospace inc



passur 3


14 passur


passur portal


passur flight tracker



57 passur


passur pitm page


passur integrated traffic management


56 passur






Related Searches



passur 3


14 passur


passur portal


passur flight tracker


57 passur


passur pitm page


passur integrated traffic management


56 passur




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








