









Home - Patara Pharma


























































































Improving the Lives of Patients Diagnosed with Pulmonary Fibrosis 

Patara Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to significantly improving the lives of patients suffering from pulmonary fibrosis. 
Based on promising Phase 2a results, we are currently preparing to initiate a robust Phase 2b clinical trial of our lead candidate, PA101, for the treatment of chronic cough in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, an orphan disease with no curative therapy. 
Beyond treating chronic cough, an often debilitating symptom for many pulmonary fibrosis patients, we are also evaluating the potential of PA101 to slow progression of the underlying disease.
Read about our Phase 2a Results »







Disease

Pulmonary fibrosis is a family of lung diseases characterized by scarring and thickening of lung tissue leading to an irreversible loss of lung function and reduced life expectancy. Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is the most common interstitial lung disease and is characterized as “idiopathic” because the cause of the disease is unknown. IPF is a serious and progressive lung disease with a median life expectancy of about 3-5 years, no known cure, and limited treatment options. Approximately 115,000 adults in the United States and as many as 3-5 million adults worldwide are believed to have IPF.

Most patients diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis suffer from a dry, non-productive cough that interrupts their daily living and significantly contributes to poor quality of life. Chronic coughing (lasting more than 8 weeks) can have a debilitating physical and psychosocial burden, exacerbate concomitant respiratory disease, cause loss of sleep, and reduce social mobility. Cough is an independent predictor of disease progression in IPF, and therefore cough may contribute to the progression of the underlying disease.
We believe PA101 is the first and only drug that has been demonstrated to be potentially safe and effective for treating chronic cough in patients with IPF. Patara is now preparing to initiate a Phase 2b clinical trial in these patients to identify the optimal dose for further evaluation in a Phase 3 program.
Additionally, the active ingredient in PA101 has been demonstrated to have potent anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects in multiple animal models of fibrotic disease, including models of pulmonary fibrosis. We plan to further evaluate the potential for PA101 to significantly slow progression of IPF potentially leading to initiation of Phase 2 clinical trials in the near future. While there are two approved therapies for treating IPF, these are not projected to be utilized by more than 30% of IPF patients, so there is still a very significant need for new IPF therapies that can provide further treatment benefit and improve quality of life.







Approximately 75% of IPF patients suffer from chronic cough; about half are considered “refractory” because they do not respond to currently available medicines. These patients cough up to 100 times per hour, which can lead to laryngeal trauma, chest pain, headache, incontinence, vomiting, anxiety, depression and other morbidities. Chronic cough is one of the most significant contributors to poor quality of life in IPF and may also be an independent predictor of disease progression.
 












The US FDA recently convened a public meeting where patients with IPF described the burden of chronic cough:
-  The Voice of the Patient, US FDA Public Meeting Report, March 2015




One caregiver shared that his wife would “just be soaking wet [from sweat]” after a coughing fit.[My cough] comes with exertion… walking up a flight of stairs … putting your clothes on, bending over and tying your shoes, fixing something in the kitchen, moving around.My cough was really so deep that it felt like I broke my ribs, and my ribs became so cramped that I couldn't even twist [my body]On my worst days, coughing will wipe you out for an entire day … Physically, you're exhausted. 





Product 




Patara’s lead drug candidate, PA101, is an inhaled therapeutic delivered directly to the lungs via a proprietary aerosol device, the PARI eFlow®. We believe delivery of PA101 directly to the lungs of pulmonary fibrosis patients is the most effective way to treat chronic cough and the underlying disease. PA101 works by inhibiting inflammatory mediators that contribute to cough and potentially slowing the progression of fibrosis. The PARI eFlow is a portable, handheld device that produces a soft mist which patients can conveniently inhale. This delivery system achieves high lung deposition and distribution of PA101, thus offering the potential to optimally reduce chronic coughing and the debilitating morbidities associated with it. In clinical trials conducted in patients diagnosed with IPF, PA101 has achieved a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in cough frequency, which was supported by positive trends in cough severity and quality of life as assessed by patients in the study. Importantly, PA101/eFlow has been well-tolerated thus far, with no significant treatment-related adverse events reported.








About

Patara Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients suffering from chronic inflammatory lung diseases and immune disorders.  The company’s lead candidate, PA101, is an anti-inflammatory therapeutic delivered via a proprietary aerosol device. Patara has completed a Phase 2a clinical trial with positive results and is now planning a robust Phase 2b study for the treatment of refractory chronic cough in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, an orphan disease with no curative therapy. Patara maintains its corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA.


Management
Bill GerhartChairman & CEOMr. Gerhart has more than 25 years of experience starting, financing, and building companies based on promising technologies. Prior to founding Patara, he was the President & CEO of Elevation Read MoreMr. Gerhart has more than 25 years of experience starting, financing, and building companies based on promising technologies. Prior to founding Patara, he was the President & CEO of Elevation Pharmaceuticals, a San Diego-based biotech he founded in 2008 to develop new aerosol therapies for underserved patient populations with respiratory diseases. At Elevation, Mr. Gerhart and his team developed a new inhaled treatment for patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), conducted multiple Phase 2 trials targeting older and sicker COPD patients, and then sold the Company in 2012 to a subsidiary of Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (Sunovion Pharmaceuticals) for up to $430 million. In 2016, Sunovion announced positive Phase 3 results for this new therapy (SUN-101) and the filing of an NDA. Mr. Gerhart was the President and CEO of Mpex Pharmaceuticals from 2002 to 2007, a company he founded to discover and develop new antibacterials for the treatment of serious infections including Aeroquin (Quinsair EU), an inhaled antibiotic now launched in Europe and Canada for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Mr. Gerhart is a member of the Board of Trustees at the Sanford Burnham Medical Research Institute and a member of YPO. He earned an MBA degree at Harvard University and a BBA degree at Baylor University.
closeAhmet Tutuncu, MD, PhDChief Medical OfficerDr. Tutuncu has more than 25 years of experience in academic/medical practice and the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to co-founding Patara, he was most recently the SVP and CMO of Elevation Read MoreDr. Tutuncu has more than 25 years of experience in academic/medical practice and the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to co-founding Patara, he was most recently the SVP and CMO of Elevation Pharmaceuticals, responsible for the execution of multiple Phase 2 clinical trials for a new therapy to treat COPD. Prior to Elevation, Dr. Tutuncu was the VP of Medical Affairs for Verus Pharma where he was responsible for all clinical development activities targeted at asthma, anaphylaxis and other atopic conditions. Prior to joining Verus, Dr. Tutuncu was Director of Corporate Medical Affairs at SkyePharma where he led the clinical development of pulmonary programs including budesonide, formoterol and FlutiForm. Previously, Dr. Tutuncu held positions of increasing responsibility in clinical development and drug safety at Alliance Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Tutuncu received his PhD in Respiratory Pathophysiology from Erasmus University Rotterdam, the Netherlands, and he received his MD at the University of Istanbul, Turkey, where he was also an attending physician and faculty member specializing in intensive care medicine.
closePravin Soni, PhDChief Technical OfficerDr. Soni has more than 30 years of experience developing products in a range of industries, including 20 years in senior management leading the development, manufacture, and registration of novel Read MoreDr. Soni has more than 30 years of experience developing products in a range of industries, including 20 years in senior management leading the development, manufacture, and registration of novel drug, device, and combination medical products. Prior to co-founding Patara, Dr. Soni was most recently the SVP and CTO for Elevation Pharmaceuticals where he was responsible for leading the development of a novel inhalation device/drug combination. Prior to Elevation, he was VP of Product Research and Development at Alexza Pharmaceuticals where he led the development of a novel inhalable drug delivery system, the Staccato inhaler, for systemic drug delivery via the deep lung. Prior to Alexza, Dr. Soni was VP of Engineering at Cygnus where he led the development of the first commercial non-invasive, automatic, and continuous blood glucose monitoring system, the GlucoWatch Biographer, as well as a 7-day contraceptive transdermal system that was marketed by Johnson & Johnson as Evra. Dr. Soni graduated with a B.Tech degree in Chemical Engineering from LIT University in Nagpur India and earned a PhD in Polymer Science and Engineering from Case Western Reserve University.
closeEsther van den Boom, CPAChief Financial OfficerMs. van den Boom has over 13 years of accounting and auditing experience. She provides accounting and financial advisory services to San Diego life sciences companies, including as a part-time Read MoreMs. van den Boom has over 13 years of accounting and auditing experience. She provides accounting and financial advisory services to San Diego life sciences companies, including as a part-time or interim CFO. Previously, Ms. van den Boom worked with Ernst & Young LLP as a Senior Manager in their San Diego office’s audit practice where she gained extensive experience working with public companies primarily in the biotechnology industry assisting them with SEC filings and registrations, complex accounting and auditing matters such as revenue recognition, product launches, debt and equity transactions, as well as complex valuations and implementation of SOX 404. In addition to extensive public company experience, Ms. van den Boom has worked closely with many early stage, venture backed companies, including working with several through their successful transition to a public company. Ms. van den Boom received a BA in Economics from University of California, San Diego and a MS in Accountancy from San Diego State University and is a licensed CPA.
closeMatt MoranVice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality AssurancePrior to joining Patara, he served as VP of Regulatory Affairs at Auspex Pharmaceuticals where he worked on the 505(b)(2) NDA submission of Austedo®, the first ever deuterated product. This Read MorePrior to joining Patara, he served as VP of Regulatory Affairs at Auspex Pharmaceuticals where he worked on the 505(b)(2) NDA submission of Austedo®, the first ever deuterated product. This NDA was the main driver that lead to the acquisition of Auspex by Teva Pharmaceuticals in 2015. Prior to Auspex, Mr. Moran was Senior Director at Santarus where he worked on the 505(b)(2) NDA submission and approval of Uceris®, which primarily led to the company’s acquisition by Salix Pharmaceuticals in 2013. Prior to Santarus, Inc., Mr. Moran held positions of increasing responsibility in regulatory affairs at Allergan, Agouron, Wyeth, and several startup companies. He has 22 years of drug development and commercialization experience including the HIV drugs Rescriptor® and Viracept®, the ophthalmic drug Macugen®, and the neurological product Botox®. Mr. Moran holds a MS in Biotechnology, a MBA from the University of Maryland University College and a BS in Chemistry from Temple University. Mr. Moran is also an Adjunct Professor at the University of Southern California’s School of Pharmacy.
close
Board of Directors
Bill GerhartMr. Gerhart has more than 25 years of experience starting, financing, and building companies based on promising technologies. Prior to founding Patara, he was the President & CEO of Elevation Read MoreMr. Gerhart has more than 25 years of experience starting, financing, and building companies based on promising technologies. Prior to founding Patara, he was the President & CEO of Elevation Pharmaceuticals, a San Diego-based biotech he founded in 2008 to develop new aerosol therapies for underserved patient populations with respiratory diseases. At Elevation, Mr. Gerhart and his team developed a new inhaled treatment for patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), conducted multiple Phase 2 trials targeting older and sicker COPD patients, and then sold the Company in 2012 to a subsidiary of Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (Sunovion Pharmaceuticals) for up to $430 million. In 2016, Sunovion announced positive Phase 3 results for this new therapy (SUN-101) and the filing of an NDA. Mr. Gerhart was the President and CEO of Mpex Pharmaceuticals from 2002 to 2007, a company he founded to discover and develop new antibacterials for the treatment of serious infections including Aeroquin (Quinsair EU), an inhaled antibiotic now launched in Europe and Canada for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Mr. Gerhart is a member of the Board of Trustees at the Sanford Burnham Medical Research Institute and a member of YPO. He earned an MBA degree at Harvard University and a BBA degree at Baylor University.
closeSteve AselageMr. Aselage is the CEO of Retrophin, Inc. and a member of its board of directors. Prior to Retrophin, Mr. Aselage was EVP and CBO of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. During Read MoreMr. Aselage is the CEO of Retrophin, Inc. and a member of its board of directors. Prior to Retrophin, Mr. Aselage was EVP and CBO of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. During his seven years with BioMarin, he built the commercial and medical affairs functions that launched three commercial products and developed commercial businesses in more than 45 countries. Mr. Aselage has also held leadership roles with Cell Therapeutics, Sangstat Medical Corporation, Advanced Tissue Sciences and Genentech. He worked briefly for Genzyme, as well, assisting in the transition following its acquisition of Sangstat. Earlier in his career, he held a variety of sales and sales management positions at companies including Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Pharmaceuticals (now Sanofi-Aventis) and Bristol Laboratories. Mr. Aselage received a BS in Biology from the University of Notre Dame.
closeGerry ProehlMr. Proehl is a Founder, President, CEO and Director of Dermata Therapeutics, LLC. Previously he was President and CEO of Santarus (SNTS), from January 2002 until January 2014, where he Read MoreMr. Proehl is a Founder, President, CEO and Director of Dermata Therapeutics, LLC. Previously he was President and CEO of Santarus (SNTS), from January 2002 until January 2014, where he led the sale of Santarus to Salix Pharmaceuticals for $2.6 billion in January 2014. Prior to Santarus, Mr. Proehl was with Hoechst Marion Roussel for 14 years, where he served in various capacities, including VP of Global Marketing. While at Hoechst, he was responsible for marketing products in multiple therapeutic areas, including cardiology, allery/respiratory, immunology, and neurology. Mr. Proehl was formerly on the Board of Auspex Pharmaceuticals before its sale to Teva for $3.5 billion, and he currently serves on the Boards of Ritter Pharmaceuticals (RTTR), Sophiris Bio (SPHS), Tenax Therapeutics (TENX), and MDRejuvena. Mr. Proehl holds a BS in Education from the State University of New York at Cortland, an MA in Exercise Physiology from Wake Forest University, and an MBA from Rockhurst College.
closeJohn SchmidMr. Schmid has over 25 years of experience in financial and senior management in the biotech industry and has raised over $900 million in private and public equity and debt Read MoreMr. Schmid has over 25 years of experience in financial and senior management in the biotech industry and has raised over $900 million in private and public equity and debt financings. He is currently an independent Board Member for Neos Therapeutics (Nasdaq: NEOS) and AnaptysBio, and he also serves as the Audit Chair for both companies. Previously, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Auspex Pharmaceuticals which he joined in 2013 and took public in early 2014 before it was sold to Teva in 2015 for $3.5 billion. Prior to Auspex, Mr. Schmid co-founded Trius Therapeutics in 2004 where he served as CFO until its sale to Cubist Pharmaceuticals in 2013 for over $800 million. Before Trius, he was CFO of GeneFormatics and Endonetics (acquired by Medtronic) as well as an Associate with Idanta Partners, a venture capital firm, Vice President at HomeFed Bank and a financial analyst for Manufacturers Hanover (now part of J.P. Morgan) in New York. He is also a past President and a past board member of the San Diego Venture Group. Mr. Schmid received a BA in Economics from Wesleyan University and an MBA from the University of San Diego.
closeWendell WierengaDr. Wierenga has over 30 years of pharmaceutical drug discovery and development experience in a wide range of therapeutic areas, as well as extensive board experience at private and public Read MoreDr. Wierenga has over 30 years of pharmaceutical drug discovery and development experience in a wide range of therapeutic areas, as well as extensive board experience at private and public biotech companies. Dr. Wierenga previously served as EVP, Research and Development, at Santarus, Ambit Biosciences, and Neurocrine Biosciences. He also served as CEO of Syrrx (now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company), SVP of Worldwide Pharmaceutical Sciences, Technologies and Development at Parke-Davis/Warner Lambert (now Pfizer, Inc.), and held various research and discovery roles at Upjohn Pharmaceuticals, most recently as Executive Director of Discovery Research. During his career he has directed over 70 INDs, 15 NDAs, involving small molecules and biologics, that have lead to 16 marketed products including Lipitor, Neurontin, and Uceris. Dr. Wierenga was formally on the Board of Onyx Pharmaceuticals before its sale to Amgen for $10.4 billion, and currently serves on the Boards of Cytokinetics (CYTK), Ocera Therapeutics (OCRX), Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE), Apricus Biosciences (APRI), and Anacor Pharmaceuticals (ANAC). He has over 190 publications and presentations and has been awarded over 30 patents. Dr. Wierenga holds a BA from Hope College and a PhD in Chemistry from Stanford University.
close



News

Patara Pharma Announces Positive Phase 2 Results for the Treatment of Refractory Chronic Cough in Patients with Idiopathic Pulmonary FibrosisLONDON, Sept. 7, 2016 — Patara Pharma, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients with chronic inflammatory lung diseases and immune disorders, today presented positive Phase 2 results for the treatment of refractory chronic cough in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). ...LONDON, Sept. 7, 2016 — Patara Pharma, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients with chronic inflammatory lung diseases and immune disorders, today presented positive Phase 2 results for the treatment of refractory chronic cough in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). Patara announced the results at the European Respiratory Society International Congress in London.
IPF is a chronic and progressive lung disease that is generally fatal. Most patients with IPF suffer from a dry, non-productive cough that is disruptive to daily activities and difficult to treat. Patara’s lead candidate, PA101, is an inhaled anti-inflammatory therapeutic delivered directly to patients’ lungs.
In a 24-patient Phase 2 study, PA101 demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in daytime cough frequency versus placebo on Day 14 compared to baseline. This reduction in cough frequency was supported by positive trends in cough-specific quality of life and cough severity as assessed by patients in the study. Importantly, the therapy was well tolerated, with no significant treatment-related adverse events.
“Chronic cough is a debilitating symptom for many IPF patients that can contribute to poor quality of life, psycho-social complications and potentially more rapid disease progression,” stated Ahmet Tutuncu, M.D., Ph.D., chief medical officer of Patara Pharma. “We are encouraged by the significant improvement in chronic cough we observed among patients in our positive Phase 2 trial, and we plan to move forward in early 2017 with a robust Phase 2b study to identify the optimal dose.”
Study Design and Results
Patara conducted the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-period crossover study at multiple centers in the United Kingdom and the  Netherlands, evaluating 24 adult IPF patients with refractory chronic cough. Patients with a daytime cough severity score of moderate/severe and an average daytime cough count of at least 15 coughs per hour using an objective cough monitor at screening were randomized in the study to receive either inhaled PA101 or matching placebo for 14 days, then switched to the opposite treatment after 14 days of washout. Objective 24-hour cough frequency was obtained at baseline and Day 14 using the Leicester Cough Monitor, as well as subjective patient reported assessments of cough severity, cough-specific quality of life, and disease-specific quality of life.
There was a statistically significant 30 percent reduction from baseline in average daytime cough frequency at Day 14 during treatment on PA101 vs treatment on placebo (ratio of LS Means and 95 percent CI = 0.67 [0.48, 0.94], p=0.024). This reduction in cough frequency was supported by meaningful trends in all of the patient-reported subjective assessments (cough-specific quality of life, cough severity, and the chest symptom domain of disease‑specific quality of life) favoring treatment with PA101, suggesting a positive relationship between objective cough count and subjective outcome measures.
Improvements in all patient reported outcome scores were more significant for those patients on PA101 who achieved >30 percent reduction in average 24-hour cough count than for the total number of IPF patients on PA101, demonstrating a strong correlation between the magnitude reduction in cough experienced by IPF patients and improvements in their quality of life and cough severity scores.
Overall, treatment with PA101 administered for 14 days was safe and well tolerated in the patients who participated in this study. There were no serious adverse events. The incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was comparable between the two treatments, and most of those were mild in severity and did not require treatment.
About Patara Pharma
Patara Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients with chronic inflammatory lung diseases and immune disorders. The company’s lead candidate, PA101, is an inhaled formulation of an anti-inflammatory therapeutic delivered via a proprietary electronic nebulizer device. PA101 is currently being evaluated in Phase 2 clinical trials in multiple indications, with a focus on the treatment of refractory chronic cough in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Patara maintains its corporate headquarters in San Diego. For more information about Patara Pharma, please visit www.patarapharma.com.
Patara Pharma Media Contact:
Mark Corbae
Canale Communications
619-849-5375
mark@canalecomm.com
Read MorePatara Pharma Appoints Biotechnology Industry Leader John Schmid to Board of DirectorsSeasoned Corporate Finance Executive Adds Strategic Fiscal Expertise
SAN DIEGO, May 3, 2016 — Patara Pharma, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients suffering from debilitating allergic and immune disorders, today announced the appointment of John Schmid to its board ...Seasoned Corporate Finance Executive Adds Strategic Fiscal Expertise
SAN DIEGO, May 3, 2016 — Patara Pharma, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients suffering from debilitating allergic and immune disorders, today announced the appointment of John Schmid to its board of directors.
“John joins Patara’s board at a pivotal time as we advance our flagship program, PA101B, through multiple Phase 2 studies to improve treatment options for patients suffering from orphan diseases such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis,” said Bill Gerhart, chairman and chief executive officer of Patara Pharma. “John’s expertise in financing life science companies is a welcome addition to our team, and we look forward to his contributions as we execute on our vision.”
Mr. Schmid brings more than 20 years of fiscal, strategic and operational experience in the life science industry. Most recently, he was chief financial officer of Auspex Pharmaceuticals, which he helped take public before it was acquired by Teva Pharmaceuticals in 2015 for $3.5 billion.
“PA101B has the potential to treat multiple orphan disease conditions, including refractory chronic cough in patients diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis,” said Mr. Schmid. “I look forward to working with Patara’s accomplished board and experienced management team to grow the company and advance critical new therapeutic options for these serious health conditions, which have limited or no effective treatments today.”
Prior to serving as CFO at Auspex, Mr. Schmid was co-founder and CFO of Trius Therapeutics, which went public in 2010 and was acquired by Cubist Pharmaceuticals for over $800 million in 2013. Previously, he served as CFO of GeneFormatics and Endonetics (acquired by Medtronic). He currently serves as a director of AnaptysBio and Neos Therapeutics (Nasdaq: NEOS). Mr. Schmid holds a B.A. in Economics from Wesleyan University and an M.B.A. from the University of San Diego. He is a past president and board member of the San Diego Venture Group.
At Patara, Mr. Schmid joins a board of recognized industry leaders including Steve Aselage, CEO of Retrophin; Gerry Proehl, CEO of Dermata and former CEO of Santarus; and Wendell Wierenga, former executive vice president of research and development at Santarus, Ambit Biosciences and Neurocrine Biosciences.
About Refractory Chronic Cough and IPF
Chronic cough is a dry, non-productive cough that persists for more than eight weeks with a frequency of up to 100 times per hour. Chronic cough has a debilitating physical and psychosocial burden, exacerbates concomitant respiratory disease, and causes loss of sleep and reduced social mobility. While many cases of chronic cough are treatable and/or resolve spontaneously, certain individuals such as those with pulmonary fibrosis, lung cancer, and other respiratory diseases can have a debilitating chronic cough that persists despite treatment with currently available therapies.
IPF is a progressive and generally fatal lung disorder characterized by scarring and thickening of lung tissue causing an irreversible loss of the ability to transport oxygen. There is no cure for IPF and treatment options are limited. Chronic cough is one of the most significant contributors to poor quality of life and may be an independent predictor of disease progression in IPF. It is believed that more than 150,000 adults in the United States have IPF, with up to 40 percent suffering from a chronic cough that does not respond to current therapies.
About Patara Pharma
Patara Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapeutics that significantly improve the lives of patients suffering from debilitating allergic and immune disorders. The company’s lead candidate, PA101B, is a late-stage immune modulator with mast cell stabilizing properties delivered via the proprietary investigational PARI eFlow® nebulizer system. Patara has completed four Phase 1 studies and has initiated three Phase 2 clinical trials in multiple indications, including refractory chronic cough in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Patara maintains its corporate headquarters in San Diego. For more information about Patara Pharma, please visit www.patarapharma.com.
Patara Pharma Media Contact:
Amy Conrad
P: 858-914-1962
E: amy@juniper-point.com
Download PDF
Read MorePatara Pharma Closes a $26 million Series A Financing and Initiates Phase II Clinical Trials to Evaluate PA101B for Refractory Chronic Cough and Indolent Systemic MastocytosisSAN DIEGO, Calif., October 12, 2015 – Patara Pharma, a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing treatments for debilitating allergic and inflammatory diseases and conditions, today announced the closing of a $26 million Series A preferred stock financing. Concurrent with the close of its sale of preferred stock, Patara also entered into ...SAN DIEGO, Calif., October 12, 2015 – Patara Pharma, a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing treatments for debilitating allergic and inflammatory diseases and conditions, today announced the closing of a $26 million Series A preferred stock financing. Concurrent with the close of its sale of preferred stock, Patara also entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank whereby the Company may borrow up to $7 million. Patara will use the funds from the financing to evaluate its lead candidate, PA101B, in multiple indications, including for refractory chronic cough and indolent systemic mastocytosis.
“With these funds from the Series A financing, we can accelerate the evaluation of our lead candidate in multiple Phase II clinical trials,” said Bill Gerhart, chairman and chief executive officer of Patara Pharma.
PA101B is an immune modulator with mast cell stabilizing properties. Patara has completed two Phase I clinical trials that demonstrated its lead candidate was well tolerated in the target patient populations. A Phase II proof of concept clinical trial has been initiated in Europe to evaluate PA101B for the treatment of chronic cough refractory to existing therapies. This Phase II trial is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study in 48 adult patients with refractory chronic cough, including individuals with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02412020).
“Cough is the most common reason that patients in the United States visit a doctor, and refractory chronic cough, characterized by a dry, non-productive cough that persists for more than eight weeks despite treatment with standard of care, is an especially frustrating and difficult condition for both patients and physicians,” observed Dr. Peter Dicpinigaitis, Professor of Clinical Medicine at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and a Patara scientific advisor. “Currently available therapies offer limited benefit and/or are associated with significant side effects, so there is a great need for new, well-tolerated non-narcotic agents that can significantly reduce cough frequency and severity.”
A Phase II proof of concept clinical trial (ISM2 Study) has also been initiated in Europe to evaluate PA101B in the treatment of patients diagnosed with indolent systemic mastocytosis, an orphan indication. The ISM2 trial is a two part study: Part 1 is a double-blind, placebo controlled, crossover study in 24 patients, and Part 2 is an open label parallel design study in 12 patients comparing PA101B with Nalcrom, the only drug formally approved for mastocytosis (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02478957).
“There are an estimated 30,000 people in the U.S. suffering from systemic mastocytosis, and about half of these individuals suffer from frequent, debilitating allergic symptoms despite treatment with available therapies,” noted Dr. Cem Akin, director of the Mastocytosis Center at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Harvard Medical School, and a Patara scientific advisor. “Patients suffering from this disease are in desperate need of new treatments.”
About Treatment-Refractory Chronic Cough
Chronic cough is a dry, non-productive cough that persists for more than eight weeks with a frequency of up to 100 times per hour. Chronic cough has a debilitating physical and psychosocial burden, exacerbates concomitant respiratory diseases, and causes loss of sleep and reduced social mobility. While many cases of chronic cough are treatable and/or resolve spontaneously, certain individuals such as those with IPF, lung cancer, asthma, COPD, and GERD can have a chronic cough that persists for years despite treatment with currently available therapies.
IPF is a progressive and generally fatal lung disorder characterized by scarring and thickening of lung tissue causing an irreversible loss of the ability to transport oxygen. There is no cure for IPF and treatment options are limited. Chronic cough is one of the most significant contributors to poor quality of life and is an independent predictor of disease progression in IPF. It is believed that more than 150,000 adults in the United States have IPF, with up to 40% suffering from a chronic cough refractory to current therapies.
About Indolent Systemic Mastocytosis
Systemic Mastocytosis is an orphan disease affecting approximately 30,000 individuals in the United States. Mastocytosis is associated with the proliferation and inappropriate activation of mast cells that can manifest allergic symptoms in every organ and tissue in the body. While some rare forms of systemic mastocytosis can be terminal, indolent systemic mastocytosis (ISM) is characterized by a normal life span although symptoms in the gastrointestinal tract, skin, central nervous system, and other organ systems can be debilitating. Patients with ISM are frequently hospitalized and are at significantly higher risk for anaphylaxis, which is why most carry epinephrine injectors.
About Patara Pharma
Patara Pharma is a privately-held, San Diego-based, clinical-stage biotechnology company developing new therapeutics that target debilitating allergic and inflammatory diseases and conditions in orphan or focused patient populations. The company’s lead candidate, PA101B, is an immune modulator with anti-allergy and anti-inflammatory properties. PA101B is being evaluated in separate Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of refractory chronic cough and the treatment of indolent systemic mastocytosis. Learn more about Patara Pharma at www.patarapharma.com.
Download PDF
Read More 


Contact




Patara Pharma, Inc.
11455 El Camino Real Suite 460
San Diego, CA 92130 United States
Directions »


+1 (858) 436-1624


info@patarapharma.com






















				MENU							



Home
Disease
Product
About
News
Contact













News - Patara Pharma



















































































News

News data

















				MENU							



Home
Disease
Product
About
News
Contact













Contact - Patara Pharma























































































Contact




Patara Pharma, Inc.
11455 El Camino Real Suite 460
San Diego, CA 92130 United States
Directions »


+1 (858) 436-1624


info@patarapharma.com



















				MENU							



Home
Disease
Product
About
News
Contact







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Pravin Soni - Chief Technical Officer at Patara Pharma LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Pravin Soni
Chief Technical Officer at Patara Pharma LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Transactions 


Pravin Soni
Chief Technical Officer at Patara Pharma LLC



 Overview



Age



64
                                  (Born 1953)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 59 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




William M. Gerhart

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Patara Pharma LLC




Ahmet Tutuncu

Chief Medical Officer at Patara Pharma LLC





Esther van den Boom

Chief Financial Officer at Patara Pharma LLC




Robert Armstrong

Chief Scientific Officer at Patara Pharma LLC





Matt Moran

Vice President-Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance at Patara Pharma LLC




Rod M. Saponjic

Vice President-Clinical Operations at Patara Pharma LLC





Cam L. Garner

Professional at Garner Investments LLC




Richard Vincent

Co-Founder at Genoa Pharmaceuticals





Jaisim Shah

Chief Executive Officer at Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Michael E. Lusty

Professor at Temple University







See 49 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 49 More 


 


 Paths to Pravin Soni



            Pravin Soni          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Pravin Soni






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Pravin Soni.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Case Western Reserve University

                  Case Western Reserve was originally founded in 1826, and our history is as long and storied as our name. What began as two separate institutions — Case Institute of Technology and Western Reserve College — federated in 1967 to form Case Western Reserve University, which immediately became one of the country's leading research institutions.                




 


Laxminarayan Institute of Technology







 Career History



Chief Technical Officer

                                    2013 - Current                


Patara Pharma LLC


                  Patara Pharma LLC provides biotechnology solutions. It develops biopharmaceutical therapy for the treatment of allergic and inflammatory diseases and conditions that affect orphan patient populations. The company was founded by William Gerhart, Pravin Soni and Ahmet Tutuncu in 2013 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                




Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    2011 - 2013                


Elevation Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Founded in January 2008, Elevation Pharmaceuticals is developing a pipeline of improved aerosol drug products for COPD patients. Its founding team has a successful track record of raising capital, starting companies, and building dedicated teams to identify, develop, and bring to market new drug products that improve patients' lives. At Elevation, it has a disciplined approach to strategic decision-making that helps its stay focused on the path with the highest probability of success. It is executing its drug development plans with passion, integrity, and a high sense of urgency in order to meet the needs and expectations of its stakeholders -employees, investors, partners, and patients.                




Vice President, Product Research & Development

                                    Prior                


Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc.


                  Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company, which is focused on the research, development and commercialization of novel proprietary products for the acute treatment of central nervous system conditions. Its product candidates are AZ-002 and AZ-007. The company was founded by Alejandro C. Zaffaroni on December 19, 2000 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Elevation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Pravin Soni is affiliated with
                            Patara Pharma LLC, Elevation Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Patara Pharma, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:42 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Patara Pharma, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Patara Pharma, Inc., a clinical stage biotechnology company, develops therapeutics that target debilitating allergic and inflammatory diseases and conditions in orphan or focused patient populations. Its products include PA101B, a GPR35 agonist immune modulator with mast cell stabilizing properties for the treatment of chronic cough refractory to existing therapies, including individuals with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, as well as for the treatment of patients diagnosed with indolent systemic mastocytosis, an orphan indication. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in San Diego, California.


11455 El Camino RealSuite 460San Diego, CA 92130United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 858-436-1624

patarapharma.com







Key Executives for Patara Pharma, Inc.




Mr. William M. Gerhart


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      








Ms. Esther van den Boom CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 37
        







Dr. Ahmet S. Tutuncu M.D., Ph.D.                                       


      	Chief Medical Officer
      








Dr. Pravin Soni Ph.D.


      	Chief Technical Officer
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Matt Moran


      	Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Patara Pharma, Inc. Key Developments

Patara Pharma, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-19-2017 02:30 PM
May 24 17
Patara Pharma, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-19-2017 02:30 PM. Venue: San Diego Convention Center, San Diego, CA 2865, United States. Speakers: Rod M. Saponjic, Vice President of Clinical Operations.


Patara Pharma, Inc. Presents at 2016 BIO Investor Forum, Oct-18-2016 08:00 AM
Sep 15 16
Patara Pharma, Inc. Presents at 2016 BIO Investor Forum, Oct-18-2016 08:00 AM. Venue: Westin St. Francis Hotel, 335 Powell Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States.


Patara Pharma Announces Positive Phase 2 Results for the Treatment of Refractory Chronic Cough in Patients with Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis
Sep 7 16
Patara Pharma announced positive Phase 2 results for the treatment of refractory chronic cough in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). The company announced the results at the European Respiratory Society International Congress in London. IPF is a chronic and progressive lung disease that is generally fatal. Most patients with IPF suffer from a dry, non-productive cough that is disruptive to daily activities and difficult to treat. The company lead candidate, PA101, is an inhaled anti-inflammatory therapeutic delivered directly to patients' lungs. In a 24-patient Phase 2 study, PA101 demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in daytime cough frequency versus placebo on Day 14 compared to baseline. This reduction in cough frequency was supported by positive trends in cough-specific quality of life and cough severity as assessed by patients in the study. Importantly, the therapy was well tolerated, with no significant treatment-related adverse events.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 30, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Patara Pharma, Inc., please visit patarapharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Patara Pharma Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Patara PharmaPatara PharmacbEDITcbLocationSan Diego, CARevenue$–Total Funding$44.35mFounded2013Employees10StageprivateCompany Websitepatarapharma.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Patara PharmaPatara Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new
therapies that significantly improve the lives of patients suffering from
debilitating allergic and immune disorders.Keywordstherapeutics,healthcare,biotechnologyPatara Pharma's Executive TeamNameTitle Bill GerhartChairman & CEOLooking to contact Patara Pharma?Request free trial for DataFoxPatara Pharma's Private Funding Rounds$44.35m TotalDateAmountInvestorsOct 2016$6mUnknownOct 2015$26mSep 2014$10.55mUnknownWant to view and download all of Patara Pharma's funding rounds?VIEW FINANCIAL DATAPatara Pharma CompetitorsiBioiBio develops and offers product applications of its iBioLaunch™...Therapeutic ProteinsTherapeutic Proteins International, LLC. manufactures and markets...RxResultsRxResults is a next-generation Pharmacy Benefits Risk Management company...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Patara PharmaNo recent news on Patara Pharma could be found.Submit recent news for Patara PharmaBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service 






Systemic Mastocytosis - Market Forecast, H1 2017 Covering Key Players Deciphera Pharmaceuticals LLC, Novartis AG, Patara Pharma Inc | Medgadget



















































































 



 

















































 









 














































Systemic Mastocytosis – Market Forecast, H1 2017 Covering Key Players Deciphera Pharmaceuticals LLC, Novartis AG, Patara Pharma Inc

June 19th, 2017  HTF Market Intelligence Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Releases 

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 132 pages on title ‘Systemic Mastocytosis – Pipeline Review, H1 2017’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions and important players such as Deciphera Pharmaceuticals LLC, Novartis AG, Patara Pharma Inc etc.
Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/437097-systemic-mastocytosis-pipeline-review
Systemic Mastocytosis – Pipeline Review, H1 2017
Summary
The latest Pharmaceutical and Healthcare disease pipeline guide Systemic Mastocytosis – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) pipeline landscape.
Systemic mastocytosis is a disorder where mast cells are abnormally increased in multiple organs including the bone marrow. Symptoms include shortness of breath, low blood pressure, hives and swelling, itching, diarrhea, headache, flushing and musculoskeletal pain. Treatment includes antihistamines and more aggressive forms of Systemic mastocytosis require interferon or chemotherapeutic agents.
Report Highlights
The Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Systemic Mastocytosis – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases.
The Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Systemic Mastocytosis and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase II, Phase I and Preclinical stages are 2, 5, 3 and 1 respectively.
Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from The proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.
Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=437097
Scope
– The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal).
– The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources.
– The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages.
– The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities.
– The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects.
– The pipeline guide evaluates Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type.
– The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects.
– The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal)
Reasons to buy
– Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies.
– Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage.
– Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal).
– Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic.
– Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies.
– Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics.
– Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Systemic Mastocytosis (Gastrointestinal) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics.
– Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope.
– Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline.
Companies Mentioned in the Report

AB Science SA
AbbVie Inc
Arog Pharmaceuticals Inc
Blueprint Medicines Corp
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Deciphera Pharmaceuticals LLC
Novartis AG
Patara Pharma Inc
Seattle Genetics Inc
Stemline Therapeutics Inc
Make an enquiry before buying this Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/437097-systemic-mastocytosis-pipeline-review
Table of Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures
Introduction
Global Markets Direct Report Coverage
Systemic Mastocytosis – Overview
Systemic Mastocytosis – Therapeutics Development
Pipeline Overview
Pipeline by Companies
Products under Development by Companies
Systemic Mastocytosis – Therapeutics Assessment
Assessment by Target
Assessment by Mechanism of Action
Assessment by Route of Administration
Assessment by Molecule Type
Systemic Mastocytosis – Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development
AB Science SA
AbbVie Inc
Arog Pharmaceuticals Inc
Blueprint Medicines Corp
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Deciphera Pharmaceuticals LLC
Novartis AG
Patara Pharma Inc
Seattle Genetics Inc
Stemline Therapeutics Inc
Systemic Mastocytosis – Drug Profiles
AK-002 – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
BLU-285 – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
brentuximab vedotin – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
crenolanib besylate – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
……………………….. Continued
View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/437097-systemic-mastocytosis-pipeline-review
Contact Us:
CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager)
sales@htfmarketreport.com
Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218











 




 




  Recent  posts 




Smart Hanging Robot Keeps People Walking During Rehab






New Way to Grow Liver Tissue to Repair Damaged Organ






Non-Destructive Mass Spectrometry Helps Identify Tumor Margins Inside OR






Baker’s Yeast Now Used for Drug Discovery






EndoSwab Helps Verify Cleanliness of Reusable Endoscopes



 

  interviews & reviews  




Cochlear Unveils Nucleus 7, World’s First Made for iPhone Cochlear Implant Sound Processor (Interview)






Review of LifeBEAM Vi Headphones: Where Artificial Intelligence Meets Personal Training






Hemopurifier Filters Ebola, Hep C, Metastatic Melanoma: Interview with James A. Joyce, CEO of Aethlon Medical






Podimetrics System Helps Prevent Diabetic Foot Ulcers: Interview






Evidence-Based Diagnostics for Mental Health Disorders: Interview with Jack Cosentino, CEO of Medibio



 

 


















 
 



At Medgadget we report on the latest medical technology news, interview leaders in the field, and file dispatches from medical events from around the world. 



 
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy
Submit press release
Advertise

 







                            © Medgadget, LLC.  2004-2017. All rights reserved. | The Medical Revolution Will Be Blogged.                        

























 
MED TECH THAT TRANSFORMS THE WORLDExclusive Medgadget news in your mailbox!


 


Your information will never be shared with any third party.


 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit HackerNews Google+ Email

















 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































GoBoldly - Latest news and stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























About
US


Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
 DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video   



























































DO NOT GO GENTLE

















DO NOT GO GENTLE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







This is the most exciting time in the history of medicine. Millions of people around the world are benefiting from breakthrough treatments that save, extend and improve life.
Research, technology and genomics are coming together to create a platform that allows researchers to decipher the cause of disease as never before. Each advance opens new doors, new cures, new treatments.
And yet, it’s not enough.
"Today's breakthroughs become tomorrow's medicines."
 Tweet
Cures don’t appear on a schedule. In search of the unknowable, in search of curing the incurable, there is no one map, no singular template, no predictable milestones.
Finding lifesaving medicines is a life’s work – the work of thousands of researchers who never say never. It's also the work of millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like groundbreaking advances in immunotherapy and personalized medicine – where the once impossible is now reality.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Dylan Thomas penned "Do not go gentle into that good night" in 1947, but the sentiment is as timely today as it ever was. Millions of Americans are battling serious illnesses, but they’re not alone in the fight. They have the support of thousands of biopharmaceutical researchers whose lives are dedicated to helping patients go boldly into longer, healthier, and more productive lives.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Cells One

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























About
US


Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
 DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video   



























































A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 

















A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer. But what was once the fruit of a wild imagination is today a reality.
Rather than killing cancer cells directly with traditional approaches like radiation or chemotherapy, immunotherapy harnesses the immune system’s power to eliminate the cancer or slow its growth and ability to spread. Research shows immunotherapy is improving outcomes and survival rates for some patients, including kidney and lung cancer. In fact, research from the American Association for Cancer Research shows that for advanced-melanoma patients, survival rates are improving thanks in part to these new treatment options.
"It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer." Tweet
Biopharmaceutical researchers are urgently working to gain new insights into the complex interactions between patients’ immune systems and the cancer cells growing in their bodies with the goal of markedly improving outcomes in more tumor types.
With 836 medicines and vaccines in development for cancer, 80 percent of which have the potential to be first-in-class treatments, millions of Americans living with cancer have hope for a brighter future.
Welcome to the new era of medicine.
For all of us.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Diabetes

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























About
US


Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
 DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video   



























































HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE

















HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







Diabetes is a serious condition that effects more than 30 million Americans. While complications of the disease can be dire, there is hope. Biopharmaceutical researchers are helping patients manage the condition today and envision a bright outlook for future treatments.
Diabetes: the patient perspective
Diabetes is a general term for a chronic condition where there is too much glucose (sugar) in the blood. Normally, the pancreas makes insulin to help convert glucose into energy. With diabetes, the body either does not make enough insulin (type 1 diabetes) or does not use it properly (type 2 diabetes), leading to high blood glucose levels. Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to serious health complications, such as heart attack, lower-limb amputation, vision impairment and blindness.
Endocrinologist Dr. William "Bill" Chin has experience treating endocrine disorders, including diabetes. As chief medical officer at PhRMA, he works to ensure that patient voices are heard, drawing on his dual experience as a physician and as the parent of a child with diabetes. When Dr. Chin's son, Danny, was 15, he began experiencing telltale symptoms like excessive thirst. Dr. Chin diagnosed his son himself with type 1 diabetes.
He says, "I don’t think any parent is ever prepared to learn that one of our kids has developed a disease, particularly one that will be chronic. In many ways it’s forever, but the good news is we have great therapies that actually will allow a patient with diabetes to live a full and completely normal life if it’s well managed."
The changing landscape of diabetes treatment
The medications that Danny relies on have come a long way in the last ten years. A decade ago, a number of insulin options were available to patients, as well as oral and injected medications. Successful management of diabetes required constant and diligent monitoring of glucose levels. To control their glucose, patients needed multiple daily injections and/or multiple oral medicines.
In recent years, researchers have focused on making treatments much easier for patients, from fewer pills to less frequent injections. Careful monitoring and treatment are still needed, but current medicines in development offer a promising future.
There are 171 medicines currently in development for type 1 and type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related conditions. A new wave of treatments is offering patients better or more sustained control over their glucose levels. Other medicines in the pipeline may address diabetes-related complications that affect the kidneys, blood vessels and eyes. All of the medicines are in clinical trials or awaiting review by the FDA.
While these advances have improved patient quality of life and increased lifespans for type 1 diabetes, ongoing research remains critical. In fact, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death in the United States in 2013.
Dr. Chin says, "Collaboration is incredibly important in the understanding and development of new treatments for diabetes ... we are continually seeking to advance our understanding of the disease. This can only be achieved by having academic scientists and physician scientists working closely with scientists in the biopharmaceutical industry."
For more information, download the PhRMA report.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



REPORT: MEDICINES IN DEVELOPMENT FOR DIABETES
More than 170 medicines are being developed for diabetes and diabetes-related conditions.
READ THE REPORT



IMPROVING DIABETES TREATMENT
Expanded treatment options help improve diabetes management and quality of life.
VIEW THE GALLERY



REPORT: A DECADE IN PROGRESS TREATING CHRONIC DISEASES
In the last 10 years, incredible progress has been made by the biopharmaceutical industry.
READ THE REPORT





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print






































GoBoldly -

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























About
US


Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
 DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video   



















































We cannot take progress for granted

















We cannot take progress for granted





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







We are in a new era of medical discovery and have the potential to revolutionize the treatment of costly and debilitating diseases. But we must not take this progress for granted.  To ensure medical innovation continues for the benefit of patients we need public policies that reward the investment and time it takes to develop life-saving treatments and cures.
In order to enhance competition and improve affordability for patients, our country must:
1)    Make medicines more affordable by rewarding value
 Today, America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies are partnering with health insurers to improve how we pay for medicines. Prices for medicines may vary based on how well an individual responds to treatment, or agreements may lower co-pays if patients achieve better health outcomes. While these partnerships will vary, they are helping to ensure we get the right medicine to the right patient at the right time – improving care and lowering costs across the health care system.
Yet, outdated regulations prevent wider use of these new payment arrangements.  Government rules and regulations should not prevent the private sector from developing better ways to pay for medicines. Rather, we must ensure health plans can cover more of the newest medicines and give patients more choices – improving care and lowering health care costs for Americans.
2)    Ensure patients get the best deal on medicines
America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies often negotiate large rebates for prescription medicines with insurers and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs). Those rebates are growing every year and now exceed $100 billion per year – helping to hold down health care costs for patients and taxpayers.
But we can do more to ensure patients benefit directly from these negotiated savings, and put an end to an unfair practice that requires patients to buy medicines at full price, even when their insurers get a rebate. In fact, patients with large deductibles can end up paying more than their insurer pays for their medicine.  That’s wrong. Health insurance companies should share with patients the discounts they receive. This could lower out-of-pocket costs for some patients by hundreds – if not thousands – of dollars every year.
3)    Make new breakthroughs accessible, and promote competition
We need to make it make it easier for patients to get access to breakthrough medicines. It simply takes too long to get new medicines approved – over 10 years and over one billion dollars, on average.  Outdated regulations and approaches for evaluating drugs can slow things down even more. To get medicines approved faster, while ensuring safety, we need to modernize the FDA with new technologies and expertise to keep up with 21st century science. Modernizing the FDA will bring down the time and cost of developing new medicines, which will bring medicines to patients faster, and enhance competition in the market.
We also need to reduce the backlog of applications for generic medicines at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  This will ensure that patients benefit as less expensive generic medicines replace higher cost treatments that have lost patent protection. 
At the same time, we must avoid policies that deter risk-taking or siphon funding away from the research and development of new medicines for patients. Learn more about our plan to build a sustainable, science-based health care system that harnesses today’s hopes to discover tomorrow’s cures here.










      RELATED NEWS
    



Must-know facts about drug costs
Did you know due to negotiation and competition medicine costs are growing at the slowest rate in years? 
Learn the facts



Do not go gentle
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Watch the video



The Science behind the logo
Explore how genomics and new personalized treatments are helping patients have longer, healthier lives.
Read the article





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print




















patara | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Refine your search for patara














Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






171
results for patara

Follow patara to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow patara to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following patara in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  patara: 
 









Did you mean: patra (3,384 items)?








Items in search results








NWT $174 PILYQ Summer Patara Little Rion DRESS XS, S, M




					$29.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1


















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 9 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  19548


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$16.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 9 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  19548















NEW: Jimmy Choo Women's Patara Floral Embroidered Cork Wedge Sandals Rose SZ 41M




					$250.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Easy Spirit Patara Women US 9.5 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  11617


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$20.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 9.5 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  11617















PilyQ Womens Summer Reversible Seamless Wave Bikini Top, Patara, Medium Sale




					$73.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPilyQ Womens Summer Reversible Seamless Wave Bikini Top, Patara, Medium Sale







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2











New listing
		Muubaa Patara Leather Biker Jacket, 8, NWT




					$275.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













Patara Var? : Philipp Winterberg Da Nadja Wichmann Ilustrirebuli Mot?khroba...




					$11.94



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPatara Var? : Philipp Winterberg Da Nadja Wichmann Ilustrirebuli Mot?khroba...










PilyQ Patara Diamond Rion Dress (One Size) - NEW WITH TAGS



$34.50


0 bids

















Easy Spirit 0453 Womens Patara Suede Belted Toe Cap Ankle Boots Shoes BHFO


		BHFO Lowest Price Guarantee!  Retail Price $139.00



					$41.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping









10% off $50+














NWT PilyQ Patara Diamond women size L large full bikini bottoms




					$59.00



				Buy It Now













Easy Spirit 4371 Womens Patara Brown Ankle Boots Shoes 8.5 Medium (B,M) BHFO


		BHFO Lowest Price Guarantee!  Retail Price $139.00


$27.80


0 bids






See more like thisEasy Spirit 4371 Womens Patara Brown Ankle Boots Shoes 8.5 Medium (B,M) BHFO



















New listing
		Patara Office Chair w Plastic Casters [ID 804190]




$446.57 to $502.49 

									List price: Previous Price
$780.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPatara Office Chair w Plastic Casters [ID 804190]










New listing
		Patara Chair w Adjustable Pod Feet - Set of 2 (Black Leather) [ID 804525]




					$996.92

									List price: Previous Price
$1,572.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping













VERY RARE 10mm Coin of Lycia, Patara "Apollo & Artemis" Circa 2nd-1st Century




					$361.02

									Was: Previous Price
$902.54




				or Best Offer




						60% off


















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 10 Black Ankle Boot


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$22.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 10 Black Ankle Boot















Bouleuterion Von Patara: Versammlungsgebaeude Des Lykischen Bundes by Gotz Grosc




					$123.16



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBouleuterion Von Patara: Versammlungsgebaeude Des Lykischen Bundes by Gotz Grosc










Patara II.2 - Das Theater Von Patara: Ergebnisse Der Untersuchungen 2004 Bis 200




					$347.06



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPatara II.2 - Das Theater Von Patara: Ergebnisse Der Untersuchungen 2004 Bis 200










New Ralph Lauren Queen Comforter 4 Piece Set Patara Paisley Turquoise Pink Blue




					$114.99

									Was: Previous Price
$139.99




				or Best Offer




						18% off











Linum Home 100% Genuine Turkish Patara Pestemal Towel




					$30.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLinum Home 100% Genuine Turkish Patara Pestemal Towel










Loving Him by Patara Thompson (2007, Paperback)


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$14.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLoving Him by Patara Thompson (2007, Paperback)















Patara VII.1: From Sand Into a City, 25 Years of Patara Excavations / Kum'dan Ke




					$181.61



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  17234


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$16.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now


















Stadtplan Von Patara Und Beobachtungen Zu Den Stadtmauern by Stephanie-Gerri Bru




					$103.57



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisStadtplan Von Patara Und Beobachtungen Zu Den Stadtmauern by Stephanie-Gerri Bru










SPONSORED
Easy Spirit Women's Patara Heeled Ankle Boots




					$66.76



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
Poster Print Wall Art entitled Goat In A Field On The Site Of Ancient Patara,


		Direct from greatBIGcanvas!



					$29.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 7 W Black Ankle Boot


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$25.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now





















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 8.5 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  16142


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$15.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 8.5 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  16142


















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 10 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  14869


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$16.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now





















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  14317


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$22.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  14317


















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 9.5 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  13447


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$16.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 9.5 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  13447















Tranquillina AE30 Lycia Patara "Apollo, Tripod & Raven" Extremely Rare Choice EF




					$1,567.88

									Was: Previous Price
$3,919.70




				or Best Offer




						60% off


















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  12858


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$16.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  12858















Patara Chair - Set of 2 [ID 804508]




$477.39 to $752.10 

									List price: Previous Price
$820.80




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPatara Chair - Set of 2 [ID 804508]










PilyQ Womens Summer Reversible Seamless Wave Teeny Bikini Bottom, Patara, Sale




					$73.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPilyQ Womens Summer Reversible Seamless Wave Teeny Bikini Bottom, Patara, Sale







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Easy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Black Ankle Boot Pre Owned  1959


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$19.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now


















¿Soy Pequeña? Patara Var? : Libro Infantil Ilustrado Español-Georgiano...


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$13.94



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like this¿Soy Pequeña? Patara Var? : Libro Infantil Ilustrado Español-Georgiano...















Am I Small? Patara Var?: Children's Picture Book English-Georgian (Bilingual Edi




					$12.78



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisAm I Small? Patara Var?: Children's Picture Book English-Georgian (Bilingual Edi















Io Sono Piccola? Patara Var? : Libro Illustrato per Bambini:...


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$13.94



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisIo Sono Piccola? Patara Var? : Libro Illustrato per Bambini:...


















Master Work By Richard P Gill Painting -- Seascape Patara Beach, Turkey




					$399.00



				or Best Offer
















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 7 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  18731


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$22.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now


















Ralph Lauren Patara Paisley Turquoise 4PC Queen Comforter Set     NIP




					$142.46

									Was: Previous Price
$189.95




				Buy It Now




						25% off










Easy Spirit 5239 Womens Patara Taupe Suede Ankle Boots Shoes 6 Wide (C,D,W) BHFO


		BHFO Lowest Price Guarantee!  Retail Price $139.00



					$58.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisEasy Spirit 5239 Womens Patara Taupe Suede Ankle Boots Shoes 6 Wide (C,D,W) BHFO






10% off $50+














Easy Spirit Women's Patara Boot,Brown,7.5 M US




					$53.27



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisEasy Spirit Women's Patara Boot,Brown,7.5 M US










Soy Pequena? Patara Var?: Libro Infantil Ilustrado Espanol-Georgiano (Edicion Bi




					$14.08



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisSoy Pequena? Patara Var?: Libro Infantil Ilustrado Espanol-Georgiano (Edicion Bi













Lekker Slaap, Wolfie - Dzili Nebisa, Patara Mgelo. Tweetalige Kinderboek (Afrika




					$14.12



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Easy Spirit Women s Patara Boot, Taupe, 6 W US




					$42.23



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisEasy Spirit Women s Patara Boot, Taupe, 6 W US













Easy Spirit Patara Women US 8 Brown Ankle Boot Blemish  13941


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$12.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now


















Dzili Nebisa, Patara Mgelo - Sleep Tight, Little Wolf. Bilingual Children's Book




					$14.12



				Buy It Now




Free shipping





















Easy Spirit Patara Women US 7 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  18000


		Save 30 - 75%, Lowest Prices - Top Brands - ApparelSave



					$22.99

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now






See more like thisEasy Spirit Patara Women US 7 Black Ankle Boot Blemish  18000















Untersuchungen Zum Stadiasmos Von Patara by Paperback Book (German)




					$38.37



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisUntersuchungen Zum Stadiasmos Von Patara by Paperback Book (German)















Easy Spirit Women's Patara Heeled Ankle Boots




$59.77 to $97.30 

									List price: Previous Price
$139.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisEasy Spirit Women's Patara Heeled Ankle Boots










Schlaf Gut, Kleiner Wolf - Dzili Nebisa, Patara Mgelo. Zweisprachiges Kinderbuch




					$14.12



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisSchlaf Gut, Kleiner Wolf - Dzili Nebisa, Patara Mgelo. Zweisprachiges Kinderbuch















SPONSORED
Am I small? Patara var?: Children's Picture Book English-Georgian (Bilingual ...




					$12.79

									List price: Previous Price
$19.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisAm I small? Patara var?: Children's Picture Book English-Georgian (Bilingual ...






Free fast shipping












Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(79)




Women's Boots
(60)


Women's Swimwear
(11)




Girls' Dresses (Sizes 4 & Up)
(3)


Women's Coats & Jackets
(1)


Women's Dresses
(1)


More




Home & Garden
(58)




Chairs
(51)




Home Décor Posters & Prints
(4)


Comforters & Bedding Sets
(2)


Bath Towels & Washcloths
(1)


More




Books
(24)




Other Books
(10)


Nonfiction Books
(9)




Textbooks & Educational Books
(5)


More





Collectibles
(3)


Coins & Paper Money
(3)


Art
(2)


DVDs & Movies
(1)


Stamps
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(158)





Used
(5)





Not Specified
(8)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(171)




Auction
(2)




Buy It Now
(169)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-27 23:42. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.





















FiercePharma Publication Signup





















  












The Pharma Industry Daily Monitor
Biopharma is a fast-growing world where big ideas come along daily. Our subscribers rely on FiercePharma as their must-read source for the latest news, analysis and data on drugs and the companies that make them.

Every business day, FiercePharma and its family of publications covers the waterfront in the pharma business, from late-stage drug development through the entire lifecycle. Learn about regulatory approvals, payer negotiations, manufacturing, marketing, patent fights, government investigations and regulation, M&A and beyond.

 Our aim is to not only report the news, but explain and analyze it. Learn not only what you need to know, but why you need to know it.
We cover biopharma companies end-to-end—whether they’re small, specialty drugmakers, generics companies or the biggest of Big Pharma—highlighting the accomplishments and acknowledging the defeats that all of them experience in the complicated, competitive pharmaceuticals industry.
The FiercePharma team goes beyond the daily with comprehensive coverage of medical meetings and industry confabs, plus special reports that highlight up-and-comers and shed new light on industry heavyweights.




				View Sample Newsletter
				

















Email: 






Company Name: 






Company Type: 













Job Function: 













              First Name:            






              Last Name:            







FiercePharma     Delivered Daily FiercePharma is the go-to source for daily news, analysis and insights on every aspect of the pharma industry. Keep track of new drug launches, Big Pharma and specialty drug maker news, deal making, manufacturing, marketing, and the latest clinical data on approved meds.
 







FiercePharmaManufacturing Delivered Every Tuesday & Thursday
After drugs get approval, they have to get to patients. We cover the global biopharma supply chain from end to end, tracking manufacturing inspections and enforcement, product recalls, regulatory shifts, outsourcing and more production-related news from around the world.
 







FiercePharmaMarketing     Delivered Every Monday & Wednesday Pharma marketing is far more than TV commercials. We keep you up to date on new launches, competitive positioning, digital and social marketing and more in the highly regulated world of drug promotions. And we cover DTC ads, too.
 







FierceMedTech   

Delivered Monday, Wednesday & FridayTracking the latest developments in the heavily-regulated medical technology, devices and diagnostics industries. News coverage on FDA/EMEA regulations, clinical studies, product launches, IPOs & venture capital deals, and more.
 







FierceVaccines     Delivered Every Wednesday Vaccines may be the only all-but-universal pharma product, and we keep readers up to date on all the latest on the worldwide immunization business. Our coverage spans everything from early discovery, through development, research funding, venture capital, FDA regulations, and news on the drug giants—and up-and-comers—that make it all happen.
 







FierceCRO Delivered Every Thursday Contract research and strategic outsourcing partnerships are ever more important for biotech and pharma companies intent on making the most of their R&D budgets. Keep track of new outsourcing deals, M&A, regulatory trends, and new technologies transforming drug research around the world.
 







FierceLifeSci Weekly Digest   

Delivered Every Friday Fierce’s eight Life Sciences pubs deliver more than 100 news stories, analyses and special reports each week. We gather the best and most popular content in this Friday report so you don’t miss them.
 






              FM Sub Source FiercePharma:            






              Lead Source:            






              utm campaign:            






              utm medium:            






              utm source:            




Submit















We never sell or give away your personal info. View privacy policy.













































| FiercePharma

































Skip to main content

































Twitter
LinkedIn




Search


































 







- Any ---homepage--Pharma-M&A-Regulatory-Financials-Corporate-LegalManufacturing-M&A-Outsourcing-Regulatory-Supply Chain-Drug Safety-PartneringMarketing-Regulatory-DTC Advertising-Digital and Social Media-Data and Analytics-LaunchesPharma Asia-M&A-Manufacturing-R&D-Regulatory-Sales and Marketing-FinancialsAnimal Health-M&A-R&D-Regulatory-Veterinarian-Financials-VaccinesDrug Delivery-R&D-Regulatory-PartneringVaccines-Deals-Infectious Diseases-R&D-Regulatory


Sort by
Published Date


Order
OldestNewest





  



eventFierceBiotech 2nd Drug Development ForumSeptember 25-27, 2017 | Boston, MA | Sponsored By FierceBiotech Join 350+ c-suite biotech executives at the unmatched educational venue for drug development professionals. This event will cover the greatest partnership challenges that biotech companies face throughout the entire product and corporate development cycle! To learn more or register click here.
More Info


























Popular Content 

AstraZeneca's Mystic shortfall is an immuno-oncology shake-up for Bristol-Myers and a bolster for Merck and Roche 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
New GlaxoSmithKline chief Walmsley makes early mark with sweeping pharma overhaul 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		
AstraZeneca, Merck team up on Lynparza combos in collaboration worth up to $8.5B 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Roche’s deep discount for MS drug Ocrevus pays off big for Swiss drugmaker 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Lilly's baricitinib setback gives Pfizer's Xeljanz a clear shot at newer rivals 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		





























































| FiercePharma

































Skip to main content

































Twitter
LinkedIn




Search


































 







- Any -ebookeBriefeventexecutive summaryjobmultimediapaid marketplaceresearchsurveyvideowebinarwhitepaper


- Any ---homepage--Pharma-M&A-Regulatory-Financials-Corporate-LegalManufacturing-M&A-Outsourcing-Regulatory-Supply Chain-Drug Safety-PartneringMarketing-Regulatory-DTC Advertising-Digital and Social Media-Data and Analytics-LaunchesPharma Asia-M&A-Manufacturing-R&D-Regulatory-Sales and Marketing-FinancialsAnimal Health-M&A-R&D-Regulatory-Veterinarian-Financials-VaccinesDrug Delivery-R&D-Regulatory-PartneringVaccines-Deals-Infectious Diseases-R&D-Regulatory


Sort by
Published Date


Order
OldestNewest





  



webinarExploring ADC Pharmacokinetics Using QSP Modeling StrategiesSeptember 13, 2017 | 2pm ET / 11am PT | Presented By Applied BioMath The Pharmacokinetics (PK) of ADC therapeutics typically show a discrepancy between the PK of total antibody and that of conjugated antibody, carrying one or more payload molecules. This will present how quantitative systems pharmacology modeling approaches provide biological insights into the impact of drug-to-antibody ratio and the resulting changes in molecular properties on overall PK and relative payload disposition as observed in preclinical and clinical studies. Register now!
More Info


  



webinar Small Size, Big Plans – Product Development Advice for Small CompaniesAugust 21, 2017 | 1pm ET/10am PT | Presented By Rho This webinar will provide advice on how to set your small company up for long-term success through the use of strategic development plans, purposeful outsourcing, patent protection, partnership strategies, and provide specific examples of success stories and lessons learned. Register now!
More Info


  



webinarMagnify Customer Engagement Productivity with Unified, Cognitive Search on Salesforce Service CloudAugust 10, 2017 | 2pm ET / 11am PT | Presented By Persistent Systems Obtain greater productivity and effectiveness in the matters of patient and member engagement! This webinar will present the packaged solution that enables single window, proactive access within the Salesforce Service Console for customer service representatives & supervisors to effectively manage their patient and member populations. Register Now!
More Info


  



webinarAccelerate Clinical Trials with Rapid Application DevelopmentAugust 9, 2017 | 2 pm ET / 11 am PT | Presented By Salesforce Clinical trials are at a crossroads. Biopharmaceutical companies must accelerate the development and approval of tailored therapeutics, but legacy clinical IT infrastructure makes it difficult to keep up. This webinar will highlight how life science companies are building connected R&D applications using an agile, intelligent platform that connects key stakeholders, including sponsors, CROs, sites, and subjects. Learn from customer success stories and live demonstrations, and see how you can apply this approach to turbocharge your own clinical programs. Register now.
More Info


  



webinarBring Your Life Sciences Content Management Strategy into the Digital AgeAugust 2, 2017 | 12pm ET / 9am PT | Presented By Medidata Solutions The life sciences industry is undergoing a digital transformation, as legacy IT systems move into the cloud and cohesive transition strategies are required. Whether you’re in Quality Control, Clinical Operations, IT, Regulatory Compliance, or manage another area of the trial, join Medidata and Box explore how to build a total regulated and non-regulated content management strategy to match today's unique challenges, including implementing technology via a single, user-friendly platform. Register now!
More Info


  



webinarImplementing a Common Data Model in a Real-World Analytics EnvironmentSponsored By Evidera This webinar “Implementing a Common Data Model (CDM) in a Real-World Informatics and Analytics Environment: Headwinds or Smooth Sailing?” explores CDM research vs practice and the issues encountered when implementing a CDM in practice, including alternative approaches and potential best practices. Watch now.
More Info


  



whitepaperReal-World Evidence in Payer Negotiations – What’s in Your Playbook?Sponsored By Evidera Real-World Evidence plays an important role in acquiring and defending optimal payer position. Read our white paper on the use of RWE to align with payers on environment & value vs. competitors at launch, defend payer positioning, and potentially bolster and extend the value of on-market products.
More Info


  



webinarConnecting the Drug Development Journey with Data-Driven InsightsJuly 27, 2017 | 11am ET / 8am PT | Presented By PAREXEL 
While biopharmaceutical companies face challenges in generating and integrating meaningful insights that drive timely and actionable decisions. Aggregating and leveraging the right data to drive value requires a broad range of services working together to generate insights across the entire drug development spectrum. Hear PAREXEL experts derive data-driven insights and how these insights can benefit many essential drug development areas. Register now!
More Info


  



webinarHow Modern Quality Systems are Transforming Change ManagementJuly 27, 2017 | 2pm ET / 11am PT | Presented By Veeva Assessing impact, and creating and executing a change plan are difficult with global stakeholders and multitude of systems. During this webinar, learn frameworks and best practices for transforming change management. Register Now!
More Info


  



webinarAccelerate Your Speed to Market: New Options  for Generic Drug Packaging & DeliveryNow Available On-Demand | Presented By West Pharmaceutical Services Quality. Speed. Simplicity. Learn how a new elastomeric closure formulation, turnkey extractables and leachables package and a flexible supply can help generics manufacturers make the move to market. Join this webinar with West experts and learn about generics market trends and AccelTRA™ brand program attributes that address generic injectable drug manufacturer issues and ensure a fast move to market. Register now!
More Info



























Popular Content 

AstraZeneca's Mystic shortfall is an immuno-oncology shake-up for Bristol-Myers and a bolster for Merck and Roche 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
New GlaxoSmithKline chief Walmsley makes early mark with sweeping pharma overhaul 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		
AstraZeneca, Merck team up on Lynparza combos in collaboration worth up to $8.5B 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Roche’s deep discount for MS drug Ocrevus pays off big for Swiss drugmaker 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Lilly's baricitinib setback gives Pfizer's Xeljanz a clear shot at newer rivals 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		





























