



Pate, William T Ea                                                                                                       - Stamford                                          , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Stamford



Tax Return Preparation Services



Tax Return Preparation Services



                            Pate, William T Ea
                                    



 





















P 


Pate, William T Ea                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



30 MYANO LN STAMFORD, CT 06902
Get Directions



(203) 359-9440
 





Business Info



 Founded 1974
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $46,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Tax Return Preparation Services
 Contacts William T Pate                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1974, Pate, William T Ea                                                                                                       has been providing Tax Return Preparation Services from Stamford. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Pâté de Campagne - William Saurin - 78 g

























































Add a product


 Picture with barcode







  Sending image
  ×


  Upload error
  ×














Sign in

Sign-in to add or edit products.



Username or e-mail address:
		



Password
		





		Remember me
	




Not registered yet?
Create your account.



Embrace the mission




Contribute to Open Food Facts by adding product and win stars by
fulfilling missions!













Open Food Facts gathers information and data on food products from around the world.


















Add a product


 Picture with barcode







  Sending image
  ×


  Upload error
  ×














Sign in

Sign-in to add or edit products.



Username or e-mail address:
		



Password
		





		Remember me
	




Not registered yet?
Create your account.



Embrace the mission




Contribute to Open Food Facts by adding product and win stars by
fulfilling missions!


 
 





 Share




 Edit the page


Pâté de Campagne - William Saurin - 78 gBarcode: 3038356804192 (EAN / EAN-13)

Product characteristics









×







Common name: Pâté de campagneQuantity: 78 gPackaging: Boîte, Conserve, MétalBrands: William SaurinCategories: Meats, Spreads, Canned foods, Prepared meats, Salted spreads, Pork, Charcuteries diverses, Country-style PâtéLabels, certifications, awards: Cuisiné dans le Sud-Ouest, Recette TraditionnelleManufacturing or processing places: Conserverie du Languedoc - La Belle Chaurienne - 75 Rue Paul Sabatier - ZI d'En Tourre - 11400 Castelnaudary, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, FranceEMB code: FR 11.076.006 EC - Castelnaudary (Aude, France)Link to the product page on the official site of the producer: http://www.william-saurin.fr/Stores: IntermarchéCountries where sold: France









×







Ingredients









×







→ Ingredients are listed in order of importance (quantity).Ingredients list: Foie et gras de porc, gorge de porc, eau, viande de porc, farine de blé, oignons, blanc d'œuf frais, sel, poivre, arôme naturel vanille, E250.Additives:E250 - Sodium nitrite









×







Nutrition facts




Nutrition facts are not specified on the product.Comparison to average values of products in the same category: Country-style Pâté
(74 products) fr:Charcuteries diverses
(335 products) Pork
(731 products) Salted spreads
(1321 products) Prepared meats
(3692 products) Canned foods
(4804 products) Spreads
(4823 products) Meats
(5741 products)

% of difference

value for 100 g / 100 ml
→ Please note: for each nutriment, the average is computed for products for which the nutriment quantity is known, not on all products of the category.


Nutrition facts
for 100 g / 100 mlCountry-style Pâtéfr:Charcuteries diversesPorkSalted spreadsPrepared meatsCanned foodsSpreadsMeats



Energy
?1260 kj(301 kcal)1130 kj(270 kcal)842 kj(201 kcal)1310 kj(313 kcal)1040 kj(249 kcal)453 kj(108 kcal)1590 kj(380 kcal)938 kj(224 kcal)


Fat
?26.5 g22.3 g13.5 g29.9 g18.2 g5.6 g28.5 g15.4 g


Carbohydrate
?2.87 g1.63 g1.13 g3.61 g1.64 g6.47 g26.1 g2.17 g


Proteins
?14.1 g15.8 g19.2 g8.01 g19.6 g7.05 g5.12 g19.3 g






Product added on October 2, 2013 at 11:14:51 AM CEST by sebleouf.
Last edit of product page on April 24, 2016 at 3:21:24 PM CEST by date-limite-app.

Product page also edited by jacob80, manu1400.


If the data is incomplete or incorrect, you can complete or correct it by editing this page.





	Edit the page

 
 
 
 



Open Food Facts
A collaborative, free and open database of food products from around the world.

Legal
Terms of use
Data
Donate to Open Food Facts



Install the app


















Discover the project

Who we are
Frequently asked questions
Open Food Facts blog
Press
Open Food Facts wiki (en)



Join the community

Code of conduct

Join us on Slack: 

and the Facebook group for contributors


Follow us on Twitter,
Facebook and
Google+


Tweeter
































Pâté de Foie - William Saurin - 234 g - (3×78 g)

























































Add a product


 Picture with barcode







  Sending image
  ×


  Upload error
  ×














Sign in

Sign-in to add or edit products.



Username or e-mail address:
		



Password
		





		Remember me
	




Not registered yet?
Create your account.



Embrace the mission




Contribute to Open Food Facts by adding product and win stars by
fulfilling missions!













Open Food Facts gathers information and data on food products from around the world.


















Add a product


 Picture with barcode







  Sending image
  ×


  Upload error
  ×














Sign in

Sign-in to add or edit products.



Username or e-mail address:
		



Password
		





		Remember me
	




Not registered yet?
Create your account.



Embrace the mission




Contribute to Open Food Facts by adding product and win stars by
fulfilling missions!


 
 





 Share




 Edit the page


Pâté de Foie - William Saurin - 234 g - (3×78 g)Barcode: 3038356804123 (EAN / EAN-13)

Product characteristics









×







Common name: Pâté de foie en boiteQuantity: 234 g - (3×78 g)Packaging: Cartonnette, Conserve, MétalBrands: William SaurinCategories: Meats, Prepared meats, Charcuteries diverses, Pâtés de foieLabels, certifications, awards: No colorings, No flavour enhancer, Palm oil free, Cuisiné en France, Porc d'origine controléeOrigin of ingredients: Union EuropéenneEMB code: FR 11.076.006 EC - Castelnaudary (Aude, France)Link to the product page on the official site of the producer: http://www.william-saurin.fr/produit/pat...Stores: LeclercCountries where sold: France









×







Ingredients









×







→ Ingredients are listed in order of importance (quantity).Ingredients list: Gras de porc, foie de porc (29%), eau, œuf frais, lait frais, farine de blé, sel, oignon, ail, arômes naturels, conservateur : nitrite de sodium.Substances or products causing allergies or intolerances: Eggs, Gluten, MilkAdditives:E250 - Sodium nitrite









×







Nutrition facts









×









NutriScore color nutrition grade




Warning: the amount of fiber is not specified, their possible positive contribution to the grade could not be taken into account.Warning: the amount of fruits, vegetable and nuts is not specified, their possible positive contribution to the grade could not be taken into account.


Nutrient levels for 100 g


33 g Fat in high quantity12.5 g Saturated fat in high quantity1.4 g Sugars in low quantity1.4 g Salt in moderate quantity


Serving size: 78 g
Comparison to average values of products in the same category: fr:Pates-de-foie
(17 products) fr:Charcuteries diverses
(329 products) Prepared meats
(3301 products) Meats
(4977 products)

% of difference

value for 100 g / 100 ml
→ Please note: for each nutriment, the average is computed for products for which the nutriment quantity is known, not on all products of the category.


Nutrition facts
for 100 g / 100 mlper servingfr:Pates-de-foiefr:Charcuteries diversesPrepared meatsMeats



Energy
1469 kj(351 kcal)1150 kj(275 kcal)-1%1490 kj(356 kcal)+30%1130 kj(270 kcal)+43%1030 kj(246 kcal)+58%929 kj(222 kcal)


Fat
33 g25.7 g-3%34.1 g+48%22.3 g+84%17.9 g+120%15 g


- Saturated fat
12.5 g9.75 g-7%13.5 g+46%8.56 g+81%6.89 g+116%5.78 g


Carbohydrate
4.2 g3.28 g+38%3.05 g+159%1.62 g+161%1.61 g+97%2.13 g


- Sugars
1.4 g1.09 g-3%1.45 g+54%0.909 g+39%1.01 g+40%1 g


Proteins
10.2 g7.96 g-1%10.3 g-35%15.8 g-48%19.7 g-47%19.4 g


Salt
1.4 g1.09 g-13%1.61 g-39%2.3 g-47%2.62 g-38%2.27 g



Sodium
0.551 g0.43 g-13%0.634 g-39%0.906 g-47%1.03 g-38%0.894 g


Experimental nutrition score
20 ?-0%20.1 +5%19 +36%14.7 +67%12 












×







Product added on June 11, 2015 at 1:04:47 PM CEST by pierrekilly.
Last edit of product page on January 20, 2017 at 11:32:20 AM CET by tacite-mass-editor.

Product page also edited by crswlz, tib-de-bar.


If the data is incomplete or incorrect, you can complete or correct it by editing this page.





	Edit the page

 
 
 
 



Open Food Facts
A collaborative, free and open database of food products from around the world.

Legal
Terms of use
Data
Donate to Open Food Facts



Install the app


















Discover the project

Who we are
Frequently asked questions
Open Food Facts blog
Press
Open Food Facts wiki (en)



Join the community

Code of conduct

Join us on Slack: 

and the Facebook group for contributors


Follow us on Twitter,
Facebook and
Google+


Tweeter
































Hon. William C. Pate (Ret.), JAMS Mediator and Arbitrator











































































Submit a Case
|
Login
|
About
|
Blog
|
Careers
|
JAMS Foundation




Neutral Login
JAMS Electronic Filing System Login




About JAMS
JAMS Electronic Filing System
JAMS Virtual Conference Room
CLE Programs
Mission, Vision, Values
Diversity
The JAMS Name
JAMS Commitment to Social Responsibility
JAMS Senior Management
JAMS Founder




Careers Overview
Mission, Vision, Values
Benefits
Training & Development
Apply Online




About JAMS Foundation
NAFCM Mini-Grant Program
ACR Initiative for Students and Youth
JAMS Foundation Grants 2002-2013
Weinstein JAMS International Fellowship
Press Releases
JAMS Foundation Videos
ADR Educational Materials
Principal Benefactors















Enter your search term



















































Search Neutrals
View All



Rules / Clauses
ADR Clauses
Construction Clause
Construction Project Neutral Clause
Employment Clauses
JAMS International Clause Workbook


Comprehensive Arbitration
Streamlined Arbitration
Class Action Procedures
Construction Arbitration Rules
Constr. Arbitration Rules
Expedited Constr. Arbitration Rules
Surety Adjudication


Employment Arbitration Rules
Employment Arbitration Rules
Employment Minimum Standards


International Rules
Int’l Mediation Rules
Int’l Arbitration Rules
EU-US Privacy Shield & Safe Harbor Programs


EU-US Privacy Shield and Safe Harbor Programs
File a Claim


Surety Adjucation Rules
Arbitration Discovery Protocols
Consumer Minimum Standards
Optional Appeal Procedures
Download Rules / Forms
Rules Archive



ADR Spectrum
Mediation
Mediation Defined
Mediation Guide
Mediators Ethics Guidelines


Arbitration
Arbitration Defined
Arbitrators Ethics Guidelines


Online Dispute Resolution-Endispute
Consumer Case Information
FAQs
ADR Glossary
ADR Forms



JAMS Practice Areas
Arbitration
Class Action & Mass Tort
Construction
Employment
Energy
Entertainment & Sports
Family Law
Federal
Financial Markets
Health Care
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Mediation
Neutral Analysis
Personal Injury & Tort



Articles
Employment Matters Newsletters
Global Engineering and Construction Newsletters
Health Care Matters Newsletters
IP Matters Newsletters



JAMS Global Reach
JAMS International, based in London
International Rules & Clauses
Int’l Mediation Rules
Int’l Arbitration Rules


International Policies & Guidelines
Mediator-in-Reserve for Int'l Arbitrations
Int'l Arbitration Efficiency Guidelines
Guidelines for Use of Clerks and Tribunal Secretaries in Arbitrations


Privacy Shield Frameworks
File a Claim


Organizations Endorsed by JAMS International
Panel Latinoamericano












Hon. William C. Pate (Ret.)





















T: 619-236-1848
F: 619-236-9032

Download vCard





Case Manager

    Jenny Truex
JAMS
401 B Street
Suite 2100
San Diego, CA 92101
T: 619-237-0805
F: 619-236-9032
jtruex@jamsadr.com




“I heartily applaud Judge Pate for his initiative in seeking to make the damaged communities of our state better than they were before the hurricane, and the positive impact he has had on the lives of others. He has demonstrated a level of commitment and accomplishment that is truly extraordinary in today’s world, and deserves our sincere admiration and respect.”- Haley Barbour, Governor of Mississippi 












General Biography


Specialties



Arbitration


Business/Commercial


Class Action/Mass Tort


Employment


Environmental


Indian Law


Insurance


Personal Injury/Torts


Professional Liability


Securities





Locations



San Diego, California
Inland Empire, California
Orange, California






Available nationwide





























Biography
Publications














Hon. William C. Pate (Ret.) effectively handles a wide variety of civil matters, including complex cases. Judge Pate joined JAMS following 20 years of distinguished service with the San Diego County Superior Court. During that time, he regularly served as a coordinating judge for Judicial Council Coordinated Proceedings (JCCP), where cases filed in multiple California counties are consolidated to a single court. Prior to his judicial appointment, Judge Pate worked for 14 years as a civil litigator in private practice.
ADR Experience and Qualifications

Chaired the ADR Committee of the American Bar Association, Torts and Insurance Practices Section 
Conducted hundreds of mediations including class actions, commercial, employment, products liability and mass torts 
Conducted numerous mediations arising out of the automobile industry including employment, discrimination, “lemon” law, consumer fraud, and products liability 
One of a select panel of mediators resolving hundreds of claims arising from the San Diego Wildfires of 2007. Frequently selected to decide wildfire cases submitted to "binding mediation." 
Particularly knowledgeable in mediating employment wage and hour class actions, employment discrimination matters, and consumer Song-Beverly class actions 
Selected as special master and discovery referee in complex civil cases, including the Catholic Archdiocese sexual abuse litigation, and gaming issue disputes between Native American Tribes 
Selected by the presiding justice of the Fourth District Court of Appeal to develop and institute a civil settlement program for Division One 
Served as arbitrator for commercial, employment and other types of disputes 
Representative Matters

Business/Commercial

Breach of contract and fiduciary duty claims against corporation and venture capitalists 
Breach of contract case involving sale of minor league baseball team 
Breach of contract involving construction of Hawaiian power plant 
Breach of contract for legal services involving Mexican law 
Fraud claim brought by over twenty major corporations against international corporation for fraudulently manipulating increase in copper prices worldwide 
Malicious prosecution claim by a major league baseball team against a community activist for delaying the construction of a baseball stadium 
Presided as judge over a 26 day trial involving breach of construction contract case against municipality 
Class Action 

Class action against bank for overcharging for fire insurance on mortgaged property 
Class action against bank for using improper interest calculation methods 
Class action against major wireless communications provider for various billing and contract termination practices; class was nationwide with over 50 million members 
Class action for wages due for installing cabinets on residential construction projects 
Several class actions for wages for claimed non-exempt employees in “manager” positions in retail sales 
Construction Defect 

Construction defect claims arising from the construction of major municipality’s convention center 
Presided as judge over HOA construction defect case against developer 
Employment 

Employee’s racial discrimination case against municipality 
Wrongful termination case against local television station 
Wrongful termination of corporate executive 
Insurance 

Complex coverage dispute against insurers handling claims related to flood damages arising from excess agricultural irrigation water that caused sea level to rise  
Mediated and arbitrators hundreds of FEMA-related claims from the 2007 San Diego wildfires 
Represented homeowners in fire claims against insurance companies 
Discovery referee regarding discovery disputes prior to trial 
Breach of contract against major insurance company, settled after 8 days of trial 
Breach of fiduciary duty by title insurance company 
Claim between excess and primary insurers arising from crane accident resulting in wrongful death 
Claim of bad faith against international insurance company over failure to pay claim of major league baseball team for injury to pitcher 
Insurance bad faith case against insurance company 
Claim of bad faith against international insurance company arising from damage to ship that drills offshore oil wells 
Product Liability 

Products liability case against a crane company 
Products liability case by HOA against developer for using polybutelene pipes 
Two cases arising from helicopter crashes -- military helicopter and law enforcement helicopter 
Professional Liability 

Medical malpractice case brought by professional baseball player. Sale of body parts by a crematorium, tried two of several coordinated cases 



Honors, Memberships, and Professional Activities

Fellow, Academy of Court Appointed Masters 
Outstanding Jurist Award, 2006, San Diego County Bar Association 
Alba Witkin Award for Humanitarian Judge of the Year, California Judges Association, 2006 
Master, Enright Inn of Court 
Member, California Trial Court Budget Commission, 1991-2001 
California Judges Association, 1986-present 
Chair, Alternative Dispute Resolution Committee, Torts and Insurance Practice Section, American Bar Association, 1983-1984 
Chair, Resolutions Committee, California State Bar’s Conference of Delegates, 1981 
Contributing Editor and Lecturer, Rutter Group’s California Civil Procedure Before Trial 
Teacher, Court Budget Course for Presiding Judges and Court Administrators, California Trial Courts 
Lecturer, Rutter Group’s Yearly Civil Procedure Update; California Judicial Educational Research; California Judges Association; California Continuing Education of the Bar 
"Neutral Infuses Negotiations with Dose of Reality," ADR Profile, Daily Journal, September 23, 2011




Background and Education

Judge, Superior Court San Diego County, CA, 1986-2006 

Judge, Civil Independent Calendaring Dept., 1990-1992 and 1996-2006 
Presiding Judge, Juvenile Court, 1993-1995




Disclaimer
This page is for general information purposes.  JAMS makes no representations or warranties regarding its accuracy or completeness.  Interested persons should conduct their own research regarding information on this website before deciding to use JAMS, including investigation and research of JAMS neutrals. See More


































Pate_William_GeneralBiography_971











Hon. William C. Pate (Ret.) | JAMS Mediator and Arbitrator | General Biography
401 B Street%20%E2%80%A2%20Suite 2100%20%E2%80%A2%20San Diego, CA  92101%20%E2%80%A2%20Tel 619-236-1848%20%E2%80%A2%20Fax 619-236-9032%20%E2%80%A2%20www.jamsadr.com
Pate_William_GeneralBiography_971










Site Map

News

Events

Contact Us

800.352.5267






Privacy Policy

Terms of Service




Copyright 2017 JAMS. All Rights Reserved






                         






  




 














Loading... Please wait

















 
















William B. Pate , Associate  | Drew Eckl Farnham Law | Atlanta & Brunswick, GA
































Atlanta, GA (404) 885-1400
Brunswick, GA (912) 280-9662





















Our Team











HomeOur TeamAssociatePate, William



























William B. Pate 
Associate 


[email protected]


Atlanta
404-885-6225 
[email protected]
Download V-Card







William Pate's practice is in civil litigation defense and primarily focuses on general liability and insurance litigation, tranportation/trucking law, personal injury, products liability and commercial litigation. He represents individuals, corporations, and insurance companies in the state and federal courts. 
Prior to joining DEF, he was an Associate General Counsel at Mansfield Energy Corporation in Gainesville, Georgia. After, he was a project attorney for two national law firms in Atlanta, Georgia. While in law school, he worked as a summer intern for U.S. District Judge Madeline Haikala and as a summer clerk for Pittman, Dutton & Hellums.
When he's not working, he enjoys playing tennis, golf, and hunting. He is a proud member of the Atlanta Tennis Lawn Association. 
 
 






Education


Cumberland School of Law, J.D., 2015
University of Georgia, B.A., 2011



Court Admissions


Georgia 



Memberships


State Bar of Georgia 





Practice Areas



Commercial Law
Commercial Transportation Law
General Liability




Results





Related News, Publications & Presentations











 





View our Services




Knowledge Center




Contact Us







 







William Pate - Georgia Department of Economic Development

















































































 


















FOLLOW GEORGIA.ORG:
Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Newsroom
 

International Business – Canada
Negocios Internacionales – Chile
Negócios Internacionais – Brasil
国际化业务 – 中国
Negocios Internacionales – Colombia
Le Commerce International – France
Internationales Geschäftsleben – Deutschland
International Business – Israel
Operazioni Internazionali – Italia
国際ビジネス – 日本
국제비즈니스 – 한국
Negocios Internacionales – México
International Business – Uk & Ireland 





Menu














Competitive Advantages


Strategic Assets


Infrastructure

Pro-Business

Lifestyle



Business Incentives


Tax Credits

Tax Exemptions

Small Business Incentives

Financial Assistance



Workforce


Workforce Division

Quick Start

Training & Hiring

Education



Compare Georgia


Demographics

Case Studies

Maps







Business Resources


Relocation & Expansion


Available Buildings Tool

Available Sites

Relocate a Business to Georgia

Expand a Business in Georgia

Financial Resources



International Business Resources


Interactive Trade Map

International Trade

Upcoming Trade Events

International Investment

International Relations



Innovation


Georgia Centers of Innovation

Georgia Research Alliance

Research Centers



Small Business Resources


Resources for Small Businesses

Start my Small Business

Grow my Small Business

Finance my Small Business

Learn more about Small Business

Connect with Small Businesses

Innovate my Small Business







Georgia Industries


Advanced Manufacturing

Aerospace

Agribusiness

Arts

Automotive

Contact Centers

Data Centers

Defense

Digital Entertainment

Energy and Environment

Film and Television

Financial Services

Food Processing

Headquarters

Information Technology

Life Sciences

Logistics & Transportation

Tourism





About Us


Board of Directors

Executive Profiles


Executive Leadership

Governor Nathan Deal

Commissioner Pat Wilson

Chief Operating Officer

Chief Financial Officer



Partnerships


Community Partnerships

Georgia Allies



We Speak Business


Georgia Blog

Real Success Video Hub



News & Events


Newsroom

Events Calendar

eNewsletter



Contact Us


Centers of Innovation

Entertainment

Georgia Council for the Arts

Global Commerce

International Relations

International Representatives

International Trade

Tourism

Marketing and Communications

Workforce



Career Opportunities

Annual Reports





International Business


International Business – Canada
Negocios Internacionales – Chile
Negócios Internacionais – Brasil
国际化业务 – 中国
Negocios Internacionales – Colombia
Le Commerce International – France
Internationales Geschäftsleben – Deutschland
International Business – Israel
Operazioni Internazionali – Italia
国際ビジネス – 日本
국제비즈니스 – 한국
Negocios Internacionales – México
International Business – Uk & Ireland 



Contact Us

FOLLOW GEORGIA.ORG:
Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Newsroom
 














About Us  /  Board of Directors  /  William Pate


William Pate

As president of Atlanta Convention & Visitors Bureau (ACVB), William Pate is in charge of maintaining tourism as one of the city’s top economic drivers. The industry brought more than 48 million visitors to metro Atlanta in 2014, generating more than $14 billion in visitor spending and sustaining more than 230,000 jobs.
Prior to joining ACVB, Pate served as president of Career Sports & Entertainment, a national sports marketing and representation firm. He is the former chief marketing officer of BellSouth, one of the world’s largest communications companies, where he spearheaded the development and marketing of the BellSouth brand both nationally and internationally.
Pate also held positions at MCI, where he supervised domestic and international advertising and public relations, and at Knapp Inc., an Atlanta-based marketing services firm specializing in solutions for large corporations. In addition, he spent six years at the Southeast Dairy Association, producing advertising and marketing programs. He began his career in non-profit, working in public relations positions with Goodwill Industries and the American Red Cross.
The Atlanta Business Chronicle has honored Pate as one of Atlanta’s 50 Most Admired CEOs for the past two years. He was selected corporate marketer of the year by the Atlanta Chapter of the American Marketing Association and has been named to the Atlanta Business Chronicle’s 100 Most Influential Atlantans every year since 2009. Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International recognized Pate as one of the Top 25 Most Extraordinary Minds in Sales & Marketing. Pate has also been received awards from Advertising Age and the American Marketing Association for his advertising work.
Pate is a past chairman of the board of the Atlanta Sports Council, the Chick-fil-A Bowl and ACVB. He serves on the board of Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta, College Football Hall of Fame, Commerce Club, Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, Chick-fil-A Bowl, as well as on the Board of Councilors of the Carter Presidential Center and the Industry Advisory Board for Georgia State University’s Cecil B. Day School of Hospitality Administration. Most recently, he was named to the Woodruff Art Center’s Board of Trustees.
A native of Atlanta, Pate grew up in Decatur and attended Georgia State University where he received his undergraduate degree in journalism and his graduate degree in communications.












Contact GDEcDTo get help expanding or relocating a business in Georgia, contact the Georgia Department of Economic Development or call 404.962.4000.Business Incentives BrochureCompetitive Advantage BrochureUpcoming Events News Room  

Featured Event

						How to Sell on Amazon                        read more >





August 9
Cybersecurity Requirements Seminar for Federal Contracts


August 10 - September 7
UGA Small Business Development Center GrowSmart


August 16
EdgeUp Your Finances


August 29 - September 1
ABASTUR



View All

 

Latest News

                        Coyote Logistics, a UPS Company, to create 325 jobs in Atlanta read more >





Advanced Digital Cable to create 65 jobs, invest $15 million in Blairsville


Film industry generates $9.5 billion for Georgia’s economy


Georgia Council for the Arts awards grant funding to 100 organizations


Starbucks to expand Augusta roasting plant



View All









RELATED LINKS






How to start a business
International trade
Expand a business
Relocate a business







BUSINESS INCENTIVES






View the business incentives brochure
Download the job tax credit tier map
See available tax credits
Learn about tax exemptions 
Explore financial assistance

















Name*

Email*

Company*Comments*CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Submit









 








 








































William C. Pate J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:18 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Par Pacific Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William C. Pate J.D.President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Par Pacific Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 10 different industries.See Board Relationships51$3,467,809As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. William C. Pate, also known as Bill, JD, has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. since October 14, 2015. Mr. Pate served as a Managing Director and Co-President at Equity Group Investments. He had been employed by EGI or its predecessor in various capacities since 1994. He oversaw all aspects of the firm. Since joining EGI in 1994, he has managed and assessed investments across a broad spectrum of industries, including: agricultural ... chemicals, customer marketing, energy, financial services, food retailing, manufacturing, pharmaceutical and transportation. He served as an Associate at the Blackstone Group and in the Mergers and Acquisitions Group of Credit Suisse First Boston. He was employed by CNA Surety Corporation. Mr. Pate has worked through numerous restructurings, including those of Exodus Communications and American Commercial Lines. He began his professional career at The First Boston Corporation as a financial analyst in the mergers and acquisitions group. He serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Danielson Holding Corporation and Member of the Board of Directors of certain private affiliates of EGI and of Covanta Holding Corporation and Wapiti Oil & Gas, L.L.C. He served as the Chairman of the Board at Covanta Holding Corporation from October 2004 to September 21, 2005. He serves as a Director of Exterran Energy LLC. He has been a Director Covanta Energy Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd., since 1999; Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. since December 2014 and Adams Laboratories, Inc. since 2000. He served as an Independent Director at Covanta Holding Corporation from 1999 to May 5, 2016. He served as Director of Tribune Media Company since December 2007. He served as Director of Exterran GP LLC at Exterran Partners, L.P. since 2007. He served as a Director of Exterran Holdings, Inc. from January 2007 to April 30, 2013; Adams Respiratory Therapeutic, Inc. from 2000 to April 2007; Davel Communications Inc. since November 2011; MiddleBrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since September 2008 and Home Products International Inc. from December 13, 2004 to January 16, 2006. Mr. Pate received a Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Chicago Law School and a Bachelors of Arts degree from Harvard College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Memorial PlazaHouston, Texas 77024United StatesPhone: 281-899-4800Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorExterran Energy LLC1999-PresentDirectorCovanta Energy Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd.2014-PresentPresident, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorPar Pacific Holdings, Inc.
Education
BA Harvard UniversityJD University of Chicago Law School
Other Affiliations
Adams Respiratory Therapeutics, Inc.Home Products International, Inc.Equity Group InvestmentsHarvard UniversityTribune Media CompanyCovanta Holding CorporationDavel Communications, Inc.Archrock, Inc.CNA Surety CorporationMiddleBrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc.University of Chicago Law SchoolArchrock Partners, L.P.Covanta Energy Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd.Exterran Energy LLCMorse Energy Capital Partners


Annual Compensation
Salary$460,000Total Annual Compensation$460,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$5,782Exercisable Options$186,454Unexercisable Options$600,000Total Number of Options$786,454
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$600,782Total Short Term Compensation$460,000Other Long Term Compensation$5,782Total Calculated Compensation$3,467,809




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationSean C. Woolverton CEO & DirectorSilverBow Resources, Inc.--Harold L. Hickey Chief Executive Officer and PresidentEXCO Resources, Inc.$1.3MMark E. Ellis CEO, President, Director, President of Linn Energy Holdings LLC and President of Linn Operating IncLinn Energy, Inc.$900.0KPaul T. Horne Chairman, CEO & President of Legacy Reserves GP LLCLegacy Reserves LP$1.7MRandolph L. Howard Interim CEO, Interim President & DirectorRenewable Energy Group, Inc.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Par Pacific Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























