













Nikul Patel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Nikul Patel
Chief Product and Strategy Officer at LendingTree, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Nikul Patel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Nikul Patel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Nikul Patel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Nikul Patel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Nikul Patel through your network of contacts.
												








Nikul Patel's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Product and Strategy Officer, 
LendingTree, Inc.


Past
To view Nikul Patel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
44

 
 


Nikul Patel's Biography



Nikul Patel, age 44, has served as the Company's Chief Product and Strategy Officer since November 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Patel served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer since June 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Patel served as the Company's Chief Product Officer and Chief Technology Officer from February 2013 to June 2015. He joined the Company in June 2012 as Senior Vice President of Product. Mr. Patel is responsible for product management and leading the corporate strategy at the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Patel served as President of Home-Account.com, a Silicon Valley start-up with an online mortgage shopping experience, ...
(Read More)

			Nikul Patel, age 44, has served as the Company's Chief Product and Strategy Officer since November 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Patel served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer since June 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Patel served as the Company's Chief Product Officer and Chief Technology Officer from February 2013 to June 2015. He joined the Company in June 2012 as Senior Vice President of Product. Mr. Patel is responsible for product management and leading the corporate strategy at the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Patel served as President of Home-Account.com, a Silicon Valley start-up with an online mortgage shopping experience, following its acquisition by Bills.com in July 2010 until June 2012. Prior to such acquisition, Mr. Patel served as Chief Operating Officer and Vice President - Products of Home-Account.com from May 2009 to July 2010. From 1997 to 2008, Mr. Patel held various senior management roles involving technology product and services at Intel Corporation. In addition, Mr. Patel co-founded Movoto.com, an online real estate shopping website, in 2005. Mr. Patel received his Masters of Business Administration with honors from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and his Masters of Science in Computer Engineering from Florida Atlantic University.
		
Source: LendingTree, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Nikul Patel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Nikul Patel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Nikul Patel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Nikul Patel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Nikul Patel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Nikul Patel


















Nikul Patel's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view Nikul Patel's 18 connections »









Peter C. Horan
Board Member, LendingTree, Inc.









G. Kennedy Thompson
Former Chairman, President and CEO, Wachovia









Carla Shumate
Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer, LendingTree, Inc.









Steven A. Ozonian
Lead Independent Director, LendingTree, Inc.









Neil Salvage
President, LendingTree, Inc.









Craig Troyer
Former Board Member, LendingTree, Inc.









Robin Henderson
Board Member, LendingTree, Inc.









Douglas R. Lebda
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, LendingTree, Inc.









Neal Dermer
Former Board Member, LendingTree, Inc.









Gabriel Dalporto
Chief Financial Officer, LendingTree, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 






Nikul Patel, Chief Operating Officer & Chief Product Officer, LendingTree


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Nikul Patel



Chief Operating Officer & Chief Product Officer
at
LendingTree


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Nikul Patel



Chief Operating Officer & Chief Product Officer
at
LendingTree


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Nikul Patel brings 16 years of technology and product management experience to the role at LendingTree. His career has revolved around transforming online financial services for the benefit of consumers. Prior to joining the team, Nikul was COO/VP Products for Home-Account.com, a start-up with an innovative mortgage shopping experience. Home-Account was later acquired by Bills.com where Nikul served as President of Lendage, the long form mortgage business of Bills.com. Nikul is a co-founder of online real estate search website Movoto.com and also worked at Intel Corporation for 12 years in senior management capacity where he managed technology products and services for the company. Nikul possesses an MBA with honors in finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.



7

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Mortgage and Nonmortgage Loan Brokers




Tags
Start-ups, Entrepreneurship, Leadership, Lead Generation




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Nikul PatelCareer (10)






Jun-2015




LendingTree



Chief Operating Officer & Chief Product Officer












LendingTree



Chief Product and Strategy Officer







Mar-2013 to Jun-2015




LendingTree



Chief Product Officer







Jun-2012 to Mar-2013




LendingTree



SVP, Product







Jul-2010 to Jun-2012




Lendage.com, a division of Bills.com



President







May-2009 to Jun-2010




Home-Account.com



COO/VP Products








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Nikul PatelEducation (4)






2008



The Wharton School


Degree Name MBA with Honors,     Field Of Study Finance






2005



Stanford Continuing Studies


Degree Name SCPM,     Field Of Study Program and Portfolio Management






1996



Florida Atlantic University


Degree Name MS,     Field Of Study Computer Engineering






1993



Gujarat University


Degree Name BS,     Field Of Study Electronics and Communication Engineering









 Edit



Nikul PatelAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Nikul Patel






 Edit



Nikul PatelLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Nikul Patel









Nikul PatelInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Nikul Patel









Nikul PatelInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Nikul Patel








Nikul PatelRelated People








Colleagues at LendingTree







Sam Mischner

Chief Sales Officer and Head of Mortgage
Jul-2017









Sam Yount

CMO
Jan-2016









Claudette Parham

Chief People Officer
Jun-2015









Gabe Dalporto

Chief Financial Officer
Jun-2015












View all 



Nikul PatelRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies































LendingTree appoints Nikul Patel SVP, Product











































LendingTree













Home Loans









Home Loans


Get Your Free Rates




Products
Refinance
Mortgage
Home Equity Loans
Home Equity Line of Credit
Reverse Mortgage
Home Insurance
FHA Loans
VA Loans
HARP Program




Calculators
Mortgage Calculator
Home Affordability Calculator
Refinance Calculator
Cash-Out Refinance Calculator
FHA Loan Calculator
VA Loan Calculator
Mortgage Negotiator
Mortgage Checkup




Resources
Mortgage Rates
Refinance Rates
Compare Mortgage Rates
Check Home Value
Mortgage Lender Reviews
Loan Officer Directory
Glossary
Mortgage News










Auto Loans









Auto Loans
Compare auto loan rates from multiple lenders
Get Your Free Rates




Products
Auto Loans
Auto Refinance
Auto Insurance
Boat Loans
RV Loans
Motorcycle Loans
Powersport Loans




Calculators
Auto Calculators
Auto Loan Calculator
Auto Refinance Calculator
Auto Affordability Calculator




Resources
Auto Refinance Rates
Auto Lender Reviews
Glossary










Personal Loans









Personal Loans
Find rates as low as

Get Your Free Rates




Products
Personal Loans
Debt Consolidation
Signature Loans
Unsecured Loans
Wedding Loans
Medical Loans
Holiday Loans




Calculators
Loan Repayment Calculator
Debt Consolidation Calculator




Resources
Personal Loan Rates
Personal Loan Lender Reviews
Glossary










Business Loans









Business Loans
Get competing loan offers for your business within 24-48 hours
Get Your Free Offers




Products
Small Business Loans
SBA Loans
Short Term Business Loans
Long Term Business Loans
Business Line of Credit
Working Capital Loans
Equipment Financing
Accounts Receivable Financing
Business Credit Cards




Resources
Business Loan Lender Reviews
Glossary










Student Loans









Student Loans
Refinance your existing student loans
View Loan Options




Products
Student Loans
Student Loan Refinance




Resources
Student Loan Interest Rates
Student Loan Lender Reviews
Glossary










Credit Cards









Credit Cards
Find and compare dozens of popular credit cards
Compare Credit Cards




Cards by Category
Featured Credit Cards
Balance Transfer Credit Cards
Cash Back Credit Cards
Travel Credit Cards
Rewards Credit Cards
0% Intro APR Credit Cards
No Annual Fee Credit Cards
Business Credit Cards
Students Credit Cards




Cards by Credit Band
Excellent/Good Credit
Fair Credit
Poor Credit
New Credit Users




Resources
Finding the Right Credit Card
Glossary
Debt Consolidation Calculator










Free Credit Score









Free Credit Score
See Your Credit Score




Products
Free Credit Score
Credit Repair
My LendingTree




Resources
Glossary





















Search



















Press Release



Tree.com Appoints Nikul Patel as Senior Vice President, Product



By Megan Greuling
September 28, 2012












CHARLOTTE, NC (September 28,  2012) - Tree.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:TREE), has appointed Nikul Patel as Senior Vice President of Product. Mr. Patel's focus will be managing the product portfolio of Tree.com, which includes consumer experience and new product innovation.
Mr. Patel brings 16 years of technology and product management experience to the role at Tree.com. His career has revolved around transforming online financial services for the benefit of consumers. Prior to joining the team, Mr. Patel was COO/VP Products for Home-Account.com, a start-up with an innovative mortgage shopping experience.  Home-Account was later acquired by Bills.com where Mr. Patel served as President of Lendage, the long form mortgage business of Bills.com.  Mr. Patel also worked at Intel Corporation for 12 years in senior management capacity where he managed technology products and services for the company.  Mr. Patel possesses an MBA with honors in finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
"In the three months Nikul has been with the company, he has proven himself to be an invaluable member of the executive team," said Doug Lebda, Chairman and CEO of Tree.com. "His experience and knowledge of the industry are unmatched and his plans for improving the LendingTree product and customer experience are already well underway."
"I am extremely excited to be a part of the LendingTree team, which has a remarkable brand and powerful resonance for consumers engaging in online financial services,"  said Mr. Patel.  "There is enormous opportunity in this business to revolutionize the mortgage comparison shopping experience for consumers and extend the business platform into other verticals.  Ingenious product enhancements and an improved user experience will undoubtedly take the brand even further."
About LendingTree, LLCLendingTree, LLC is the nation's leading online source for competitive home loan offers,  empowering consumers during the mortgage, refinance or auto loan process.  LendingTree provides an online marketplace which connects consumers with multiple lenders that compete for their business, as well as an array of online tools and information to help consumers find the best loan. Since inception, LendingTree has facilitated more than 30 million loan requests and $214 billion in closed loan transactions.  LendingTree provides access to lenders offering mortgages and refinance loans, home equity loans/lines of credit, and more. LendingTree, LLC is a subsidiary of Tree.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: TREE). For more information go to www.lendingtree.com, dial 800-555-TREE , join our Facebook page and/or follow us on Twitter @LendingTree.




Media Contacts
Megan Greuling

704-943-8208
megan.greuling@lendingtree.com

Mike Ouyang

704-943-8731



Recent Articles


Leasing vs. Buying a Car: Pros and Cons


Getting a Loan? Ways to Get a Personal Loan


Understanding Reverse Mortgage Interest Rates


6 Best Cash Back Credit Cards




Related Blog Posts


What You Need to Know Before Applying for a Business Loan


How You Can Improve Your Cash Flow Management as a Small Business Owner


Are FHA Mortgage Rate Cuts in the Works?


















About Us
What is LendingTree?
Contact Us
Careers
Press
Get Internet Mortgage Leads
Widgets
Investors
Sitemap


Legal Information
Overview
Privacy
Security
Advertising Disclosures
Terms of Use
Licenses & Disclosures
Unsubscribe


Other Sites
LendingTree Home Pros
LendingTree Foundation




Follow Us

















Online Security: Protect Against Fraud





Better Business Bureau


Equal Housing Opportunity


Comodo Secured






                    LendingTree, LLC is a Marketing Lead Generator and is a Duly Licensed Mortgage Broker, as required by law, with its main office located at 11115 Rushmore Dr., Charlotte, NC 28277, Telephone Number 866-501-2397 (TDD/TTY). NMLS Unique Identifier #1136. LendingTree, LLC is known as LT Technologies in lieu of true name LendingTree, LLC in NY. LendingTree technology and processes are patented under U.S. Patent Nos. 6,385,594 and 6,611,816 and licensed under U.S. Patent Nos. 5,995,947 and 5,758,328. © 2017 LendingTree, LLC. All Rights Reserved. This site is directed at, and made available to, persons in the continental U.S., Alaska and Hawaii only.
                
















 












Nikul Patel, LendingTree, LLC Chief Product & Strategy Officer - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Nikul  Patel
Chief Product & Strategy Officer, LendingTree, LLC

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Nikul  Patel at LendingTree, LLC. Nikul  Patel works as Chief Product & Strategy Officer , acting in a Business Development role .  LendingTree, LLC is a leader in Financial Services .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Business Development leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/17/2017:


LendingTree Launches Home Valuation Tool for My LendingTree

..... My LendingTree alerts users when an opportunity emerges to save money, based on real-time marketplace data on the LendingTree network."We're continuing to evolve the My LendingTree platform to bring consumers valuable information they need to make smarter financial decisions," said Nikul Patel, LendingTree's Chief Product and Strategy Officer. "Our home valuation feature allows borrowers to see an estimate of their home value and untapped equity that can be accessed for home improvement projects, debt consolidation, education costs and more......

People In This Article:
Nikul Patel
 

06/30/2017:


LendingTree Launches Home Valuation Tool for My LendingTree

..... My LendingTree alerts users when an opportunity emerges to save money, based on real-time marketplace data on the LendingTree network.
"We're continuing to evolve the My LendingTree platform to bring consumers valuable information they need to make smarter financial decisions," said Nikul Patel, LendingTree's Chief Product and Strategy Officer. "Our home valuation feature allows borrowers to see an estimate of their home value and untapped equity that can be accessed for home improvement projects, debt consolidation, education costs and more......

People In This Article:
Nikul Patel
 






Learn more about Nikul  Patel  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Nikul  Patel and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































