








John J. Patrick Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John J. Patrick Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you John J. Patrick Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John J. Patrick Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John J. Patrick Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John J. Patrick Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John J. Patrick Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








John J. Patrick Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.


Past
To view John J. Patrick Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


John J. Patrick Jr.'s Biography



John J. Patrick, Jr., 58, has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Farmington Bank since March of 2008. He has also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Farmington Bank since July of 2008 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of FCB since its formation. Prior to this, Mr. Patrick served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of TD Bank Connecticut. He is a director of Hartford Healthcare and Chairman of the Central Connecticut State University Foundation, as well as several other community organizations. He is also a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors.  Mr. Patrick's extensive experience  ...
(Read More)

			John J. Patrick, Jr., 58, has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Farmington Bank since March of 2008. He has also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Farmington Bank since July of 2008 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of FCB since its formation. Prior to this, Mr. Patrick served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of TD Bank Connecticut. He is a director of Hartford Healthcare and Chairman of the Central Connecticut State University Foundation, as well as several other community organizations. He is also a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors.  Mr. Patrick's extensive experience in the local banking industry, service as CEO of FCB and Farmington Bank, and involvement in business and civic organizations in the communities in which Farmington Bank serves, affords the Board of Directors, valuable insight regarding the business and operations of Farmington Bank.
		
Source: First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John J. Patrick Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John J. Patrick Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John J. Patrick Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John J. Patrick Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John J. Patrick Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John J. Patrick Jr.


















John J. Patrick Jr.'s Connections (41)





Sign up now to view John J. Patrick Jr.'s 41 connections »









Kenneth F. Burns
Executive Vice President and Director, Retail and Marketing, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









Michael T. Schweighoffer
Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









Patience P. McDowell
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









James T. Healey
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









John A. Green
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









Kevin S. Ray
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









Ronald A. Bucchi
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









Michael A. Ziebka
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









Catherine M. Burns
Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.









John J. Carson
Board Member, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Patrick John J Jr. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Patrick John J Jr.
                    

•   FARMINGTON, CT
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Patrick John J JR. is based out of Farmington.    WhaleWisdom has at least 6 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Patrick John J JR.. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Patrick John J Jr., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




patrick john j jr.


C/O FIRST CONNECTICUT BANCORP, INC.

FARMINGTON
CT
                                                        
                                                    06032


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      860-676-4600
SEC SIC CODE:6036-SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/14/2017
4 filed on 05/24/2017
4 filed on 02/23/2017
5 filed on 02/13/2017
4 filed on 12/13/2016
4 filed on 10/26/2016
4 filed on 09/07/2016
4 filed on 05/03/2016
5 filed on 02/12/2016
4 filed on 09/09/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















    John Patrick | Farmington Savings Bank | ZoomInfo.com


John F. Kennedy Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






John F. Kennedy Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John-John" and "John Kennedy Jr." redirect here. For people named John John, see John John. For other people named John Kennedy Jr., see John Kennedy (disambiguation).


John F. Kennedy Jr.



Kennedy greets invited guests at the HBO
and Imagine Entertainment premiere held
at the Kennedy Space Center in 1998.



Born
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
(1960-11-25)November 25, 1960
Washington, D.C., U.S.


Died
July 16, 1999(1999-07-16) (aged 38)
Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, U.S.


Cause of death
Plane crash


Alma mater
Brown University (A.B.)
New York University (J.D.)


Occupation
Journalist, lawyer, magazine publisher


Spouse(s)
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy
(m. 1996)


Parent(s)
John F. Kennedy
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


Relatives
See Kennedy family


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy. His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
From his early childhood years at the White House and beyond, Kennedy was the subject of great media scrutiny, and he became a popular social figure of Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, Kennedy worked as a New York City Assistant District Attorney for almost four years. In 1995, he launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Mother's remarriage


2 Career

2.1 Acting


3 George magazine

3.1 Magazine decline
3.2 Family activity
3.3 Relationships
3.4 Marriage


4 Flying history
5 Death
6 Legacy
7 See also
8 References

8.1 Works cited


9 External links



Early life and education[edit]




JFK Jr. with his father at the White House at age two.


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born at Georgetown University Hospital on November 25, 1960, two weeks after his father was elected president. His parents had a stillborn daughter named Arabella four years before John Jr.'s birth. John Jr. had an older sister, Caroline, and an infant brother, Patrick, who died two days after his premature birth in 1963. His putative nickname, "John-John", came from a reporter who misheard JFK calling him "John" twice in quick succession; the name was not used by his family.[1]
John Jr. lived in the White House during the first three years of his life, and later remained in the public spotlight up until his death. His father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, and the state funeral was held three days later on John Jr.'s third birthday. In a moment that became an iconic image of the 1960s, John Jr. stepped forward and rendered a final salute as his father's flag-draped casket was carried out from St. Matthew's Cathedral.[2] The family continued with their plans for a birthday party, to demonstrate that the Kennedys would go on despite the death of their father.[3]
Kennedy attended private schools in New York City, starting at Saint David's School and moving to Collegiate School, which he attended from third through tenth grade,[4] and completed high school at Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating, he went to Brown University where he majored in American studies.[5] There, he co-founded a student discussion group that focused on contemporary issues such as apartheid in South Africa, gun control, and civil rights. Visiting South Africa during a summer break, he was appalled by apartheid, and arranged for U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young to speak about the topic at Brown.[6]
By his junior year at Brown, he had moved off campus to live with several other students in a shared house,[7] and spent time at Xenon, a club owned by Howard Stein. Kennedy was initiated into Phi Psi, a local social fraternity which had been the Rhode Island Alpha Chapter of national Phi Kappa Psi fraternity until 1978.[8] He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in American studies, and then took a working break, traveling to India and spending some time at the University of Delhi, where he met Mother Teresa. He also worked with some of the Kennedy special interest projects, including the East Harlem School at Exodus House and Reaching Up.
Mother's remarriage[edit]
Following his father's assassination, Kennedy moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City with his mother and sister, where he grew up. In 1967, his mother took him and his sister Caroline on a six-week "sentimental journey" to Ireland, where they met President Éamon de Valera and visited the Kennedy ancestral home in Dunganstown.[4]
After his uncle Robert was assassinated in 1968, his mother took him and his sister out of the United States, saying: "If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets ... I want to get out of this country."[9] The same year, she married Greek shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis, and the family went to live on his private island of Skorpios. Kennedy is said to have considered his stepfather "a joke".[10]
In 1971, Kennedy returned to the White House with his mother and sister for the first time since the assassination. President Richard Nixon's daughters gave Kennedy a tour that included his old bedroom, and Nixon showed him the Resolute desk under which his father had let him play. When Onassis died in 1975, he left Kennedy $25,000, though Jacqueline was able to renegotiate the will, and acquired $20 million for herself and her children.[11]
In 1976, Kennedy and his cousin visited an earthquake disaster zone at Rabinal in Guatemala, helping with heavy building work and distributing food. The local priest said that they "ate what the people of Rabinal ate and dressed in Guatemalan clothes and slept in tents like most of the earthquake victims", adding that the two "did more for their country's image" in Guatemala "than a roomful of ambassadors".[12] On his sixteenth birthday, Kennedy's Secret Service protection ended.[13] He spent the summer of 1978 working as a wrangler in Wyoming.[14]
Before attending Brown University, Kennedy accompanied his mother to Africa. On a pioneering course, he rescued his group, which had got lost for two days without food or water, and won points for leadership.[15] In 1979, the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum was dedicated, and Kennedy made his first major speech, reciting Stephen Spender's poem "I Think Continually of Those Who Were Truly Great".[16]
Career[edit]
After the 1984 Democratic Convention in San Francisco, Kennedy returned to New York and earned $20,000 a year in a position at the Office of Business Development, where his boss reflected that he worked "in the same crummy cubbyhole as everybody else. I heaped on the work and was always pleased."[17] From 1984 to 1986, he worked for the New York City Office of Business Development and served as deputy director of the 42nd Street Development Corporation in 1986,[18] conducting negotiations with developers and city agencies. In 1988, he became a summer associate at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips, a Los Angeles law firm with strong connections to the Democratic Party. There, Kennedy worked for Charlie Manatt, his uncle Ted Kennedy's law school roommate.[17]
From 1989, Kennedy headed Reaching Up, a nonprofit group which provided educational and other opportunities for workers who helped people with disabilities. William Ebenstein, executive director of Reaching Up, said, "He was always concerned with the working poor, and his family always had an interest in helping them."
In 1989, Kennedy earned a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.[19] He then failed the New York bar exam twice, before passing on his third try in July 1990.[20] Kennedy vowed, after failing it for the second time, that he would take it continuously until he was ninety-five years old or passed,[21] though if he had failed a third time, he would have been out as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office, where he worked for the next four years.[22][23] On August 29, 1991, Kennedy won his first prosecution.[24]
In summer 1992, he worked as a journalist and was commissioned by The New York Times to write an article about his kayaking expedition to the Aland Archipelago, where he saved one of his friends from the water when his kayak capsized.[25] He then considered creating a magazine with his friend, public-relations magnate Michael J. Berman – a plan which his mother thought too risky. In his 2001 book The Day John Died, Christopher Andersen wrote that Jacqueline had also worried that her son would die in a plane crash, and asked longtime-companion Maurice Tempelsman "to do whatever it took to keep John from becoming a pilot".[26]
Acting[edit]
Meanwhile, he had done a bit of acting, which was one of his passions (he had appeared in many plays while at Brown). He expressed interest in acting as a career, but his mother strongly disapproved of it, as an unsuitable profession.[27] On August 4, 1985, Kennedy made his New York acting debut in front of an invitation-only audience at the Irish Theater on Manhattan's West Side. Executive director of the Irish Arts Center, Nye Heron, said that Kennedy was "one of the best young actors I've seen in years".[18] Kennedy's director, Robin Saex, stated, "He has an earnestness that just shines through." Kennedy's largest acting role was playing a fictionalized version of himself in the season-eight episode of sitcom Murphy Brown, called "Altered States". In this episode, Kennedy visits Brown at her office, in order to promote a magazine he is publishing.
George magazine[edit]
In 1995, Kennedy and Michael Berman founded George, a glossy, politics-as-lifestyle and fashion monthly, with Kennedy controlling 50 percent of the shares.[27] Kennedy officially launched the magazine at a news conference in Manhattan on September 8, and joked that he had not seen so many reporters in one place since he failed his first bar exam.[28]
Each issue of the magazine contained an editor's column and interviews written by Kennedy,[29] who believed they could make politics "accessible by covering it in an entertaining and compelling way" which would allow "popular interest and involvement" to follow.[30] Kennedy did interviews with Louis Farrakhan, Billy Graham, Garth Brooks, and others.[30]
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter wrote in a column that George was "truly a political magazine, not a Democratic magazine". Coulter claimed that Kennedy had admired an article she wrote attacking a congressman, and she also claimed that in one of their last conversations, Kennedy mocked one of the magazine's liberal columnists for being a "predictable bore" despite a lack of recorded proof.[31]
The first issue was criticized for its image of Cindy Crawford posing as George Washington in a powdered wig and ruffled shirt. In defense of the cover, Kennedy stated that "political magazines should look like Mirabella."[32]
In July 1997, Vanity Fair had published a profile of Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani claiming that the mayor was sleeping with his press secretary (which both parties denied). Although tempted to follow up on this story, Kennedy decided against it.[33] The same month, Kennedy wrote about meeting Mother Teresa, declaring that the "three days I spent in her presence was the strongest evidence this struggling Catholic has ever had that God exists."[29]
The September 1997 issue of George centered on temptation, and featured two of Kennedy's cousins, Michael LeMoyne Kennedy and Joseph P. Kennedy II. Michael had been accused of having an affair with his children's underaged babysitter, while Joe had been accused by his ex-wife of having bullied her. John declared that both his cousins had become "poster boys for bad behaviour" - believed to be the first time a member of the Kennedy family had publicly attacked another Kennedy. He said he was trying to show that press coverage of the pair was unfair, due to them being Kennedys.[34] But Joe paraphrased John's father by stating, "Ask not what you can do for your cousin, but what you can do for his magazine."[35]
Magazine decline[edit]
By early 1997, Kennedy and Berman found themselves locked in a power struggle, which led to screaming matches, slammed doors, and even one physical altercation. Eventually Berman sold his share of the company, and Kennedy took on Berman's responsibilities himself. Though the magazine had already begun to decline in popularity before Berman left, his departure was followed by a rapid drop in sales.[36]
David Pecker, CEO of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines, who were partners in George, said that this was because Kennedy refused to "take risks as an editor, despite the fact that he was an extraordinary risk taker in other areas of his life." Pecker said, "He understood that the target audience for George was the eighteen-to-thirty-four-year-old demographic, yet he would routinely turn down interviews that would appeal to this age group, like Princess Diana or John Gotti, Jr., to interview subjects like Dan Rostenkowski or Vo Nguyen Giap."[36] Shortly before his death, Kennedy had been planning a series of online chats with the 2000 presidential candidates. Microsoft was to provide the technology and pay for it while receiving advertising in George.[37] After his death, the magazine was bought out by Hachette,[38] but folded in early 2001.[39]
Family activity[edit]




Photograph of a June 24, 1985 reception for the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation held at Senator Ted Kennedy's McLean, Virginia residence. Photographed are (from left to right) Ted Kennedy, President Ronald Reagan, First Lady Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Ethel Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Kennedy addressed the 1988 Democratic National Convention, introducing his uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy. He invoked his father's inaugural address, calling "a generation to public service", and received a two-minute standing ovation.[40] Republican consultant Richard Viguerie said he did not remember a word of the speech, but remembered "a good delivery" and added, "I think it was a plus for the Democrats and the boy. He is strikingly handsome."[41]
Kennedy participated in his cousin Patrick J. Kennedy's campaign for a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives by visiting the district.[42] He sat outside the polling booth and had his picture taken with "would-be" voters. The polaroid ploy worked so well in the campaign that Patrick J. Kennedy used it again in 1994.
Relationships[edit]
While attending Brown University, Kennedy met Sally Munro, whom he dated for six years, and they visited India in 1983. Also while at Brown, he met Brooke Shields,[43] with whom he was later linked.
Kennedy also dated models Cindy Crawford and Julie Baker, as well as actress Sarah Jessica Parker,[44] who said she enjoyed dating Kennedy but realized he "was a public domain kind of a guy." Parker claimed to have no idea what "real fame" was until dating Kennedy and felt that she should "apologize for dating him" since it became the "defining factor in the person" she was.[45]
Kennedy had known actress Daryl Hannah since their two families had vacationed together in St. Maarten in the early '80s. After meeting again at the wedding of his aunt Lee Radziwill in 1988, they dated for five and a half years, though their relationship was complicated by her feelings for singer Jackson Browne, with whom she had lived for a time.
Also during this time Kennedy dated Christina Haag. They knew each other as children and also attended Brown University.
Marriage[edit]
After his relationship with Daryl Hannah ended, Kennedy cohabitated with Carolyn Bessette, who worked in the fashion industry and was the youngest daughter of William J. Bessette and Ann Messina Freeman. They were engaged for a year, though Kennedy consistently denied reports of this. They married in a secret ceremony on September 21, 1996, on Cumberland Island, Georgia,[46] where his sister, Caroline, was matron of honor and his cousin Anthony Radziwill was best man.[47]
The next day, Kennedy's cousin Patrick revealed that the pair had married. When they returned to their Manhattan home, there were a mass of reporters on the doorstep. One of them asked Kennedy if he had enjoyed his honeymoon, to which he responded "Very much." He added "Getting married is a big adjustment for us, and for a private citizen like Carolyn even more so. I ask you to give her all the privacy and room you can."[48]
But Carolyn was, in fact, badly disoriented by the constant attention from the paparazzi. The couple was permanently on show, both at fashionable Manhattan events, and on their travels to visit celebrities such as Mariuccia Mandelli and Gianni Versace.[49] She also complained to her friend, journalist Jonathan Soroff, that she could not get a job without being accused of exploiting her fame.[50]
Flying history[edit]
Kennedy began taking flying lessons at the Flight Safety Academy in Vero Beach, Florida.[34] In April 1998, he received his pilot's license, which he had dreamed about since he was a child.[28]
The death of his cousin Michael in a skiing accident brought about a change in Kennedy, making death "just seem closer and closer."[51] Kennedy felt so distressed that he took a hiatus from his piloting lessons at Flight Safety International in Florida for three months. His sister, Caroline, had hoped his decision to stop taking piloting lessons would be permanent, but when he resumed, she resigned herself to the "fact that she could do little to stop him."[52]
Death[edit]
Main article: John F. Kennedy Jr. plane crash
On July 16, 1999, Kennedy departed from Fairfield, New Jersey, at the controls of his Piper Saratoga light aircraft, carrying his wife, Carolyn, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette, to attend the wedding of his cousin Rory Kennedy at Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. He had purchased the plane on April 28, 1999, from Air Bound Aviation.[53] Carolyn and Lauren were sitting in the second row of seats.[54] Kennedy had checked in with the control tower at the Martha's Vineyard Airport but, when the plane failed to arrive, it was reported missing.[55]
Officials were not optimistic about finding survivors after aircraft debris and a black suitcase belonging to Bessette were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean.[56] President Bill Clinton gave his support to the Kennedy family during the search for the three ill-fated passengers.[56]
On July 18, a Coast Guard admiral declared an end to hope that Kennedy, his wife and her sister could be found alive.[57] On July 19, the fragments of Kennedy's plane were found by the NOAA vessel Rude using side-scan sonar. The next day, Navy divers descended into the 62 °F (17 °C) water. The divers found part of the shattered plane strewn over a broad area of seabed 120 feet (37 m) below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.[58] The search ended in the late afternoon of July 21, when the three bodies were recovered from the ocean floor by Navy divers and taken by motorcade to the county medical examiner's office.[59] The discovery was made from high-resolution images of the ocean bottom.[60] Divers found Carolyn and Lauren's bodies near the twisted and broken fuselage while Kennedy's body was still strapped into the pilot's seat.[55] Admiral Richard M. Larrabee of the Coast Guard said that all three bodies were "near and under" the fuselage, still strapped in.[61]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the probable cause of the crash was pilot error: "Kennedy's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night, which was a result of spatial disorientation."[62]
On the evening of July 21, autopsies at the county medical examiner's office revealed that the crash victims had died upon impact. At the same time, the Kennedy and Bessette families announced their plans for memorial services.[59] On July 21, the three bodies were taken from Hyannis to Duxbury, where they were cremated in the Mayflower Cemetery crematorium.[63] Ted Kennedy favored a public service for John while Caroline Kennedy insisted on family privacy.[64] On the morning of July 22, their ashes were scattered at sea from the Navy destroyer USS Briscoe off the coast of Martha's Vineyard.[65]
A memorial service was held for Kennedy on July 23, 1999 at the Church of St. Thomas More, a church Kennedy had often attended with his mother and sister. The invitation-only service was attended by hundreds of mourners, including President Bill Clinton, who presented the family with photo albums of John and Carolyn on their visit to the White House from the previous year.[66]
Kennedy's last will and testament stipulated that his personal belongings, property, and holdings were to be "evenly distributed" among his sister Caroline Kennedy's three children, who were among fourteen beneficiaries in his will.[55]
Legacy[edit]
John F. Kennedy Jr. was the first child ever born to a President-elect of the United States. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John Jr.'s father on November 22, 1963, the New York Daily News re-ran the famous photograph of the three-year-old Kennedy saluting his father's coffin. Photographer Dan Farrell, who took the photo, called it "the saddest thing I've ever seen in my whole life".[67]
In 2000, Reaching Up, the organization which Kennedy founded in 1989, joined with The City University of New York to establish the John F. Kennedy, Jr. Institute.[68] On September 19, 2003, the ARCO Forum at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government was renamed to the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum of Public Affairs. An active participant in Forum events, Kennedy had also been a member of the IOP's Senior Advisory Committee for fifteen years. Kennedy's uncle Senator Ted Kennedy said the renaming would symbolically link Kennedy and his father while his sister, Caroline, stated the renaming represented his love of discussing politics.[69]
See also[edit]

Kennedy Curse
America's Prince: The John F. Kennedy Jr. Story

References[edit]


^ Kennedy Year in Review Archived 2006-05-13 at the Wayback Machine. CNN.
^ Lucas, Dean (2007-07-22). "Famous Pictures Magazine – JFK Jr salutes JFK". Famous Pictures Magazine. Retrieved 2013-05-21. 
^ Leamer, p. 1.
^ a b Heymann, pp. 145–146.
^ Leigh, pp. 236-237.
^ Landau, p. 78.
^ Landau, p. 82.
^ Robert T. Littell, The Men We Became: My Friendship With John F. Kennedy, Jr. (St. Martin's Press 2004), passim.
^ Seely, Katherine (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir to a Formidable Dynasty". The New York Times. Retrieved November 8, 2009. 
^ Davis, p. 690.
^ Shane, Scott (July 18, 1999). "A life lived in celebrity". Baltimore Sun. 
^ Leigh, pp. 195–196.
^ Leigh, p. 137.
^ Landau, p. 77.
^ Leigh, p. 235.
^ Leigh, p. 251.
^ a b Gross, Michael (March 20, 1989). "Favorite Son". New York Magazine. 
^ a b Bly, p. 279.
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 323. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Blow, Richard; Bradley, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Macmillan. p. 17. ISBN 0-312-98899-0. 
^ "JOHN KENNEDY JR. FAILS BAR EXAM 2ND TIME; SAYS HE'LL TAKE IT AGAIN". Desert News. May 1, 1990. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Jr. Passes Bar Exam". Los Angeles Times. November 4, 1990. 
^ Spoto, Donald (2000). Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis: A Life. Macmillan. p. 330. ISBN 0-312-97707-7. 
^ Sullivan, Ronald (August 30, 1991). "Prosecutor Kennedy Wins First Trial, Easily". The New York Times. 
^ Andersen, Christopher (2014). The Good Son: JFK Jr. and the Mother He Loved. Gallery Books. pp. 266–267. ISBN 978-1476775562. 
^ "Book: JFK. Jr's Death Foretold". ABC News. July 11, 2000. 
^ a b A&E Biography
^ a b Landau, p. 117.
^ a b Sumner, David E. (2010). The Magazine Century: American Magazines Since 1900. Peter Lang International Academic Publishers. p. 201. ISBN 978-1433104930. 
^ a b Landau, pp. 100-102.
^ Coulter, pp. 317-318.
^ Landau, p. 99.
^ Blow, pp. 174-175.
^ a b Andersen, p. 316.
^ Leigh, pp. 322-323.
^ a b Heymann, p. 438.
^ Blow, p. 274.
^ Bercovici, Jeff (2001). "Hachette delivers death ax to George" Archived 2007-09-30 at the Wayback Machine.. Media Life Magazine.
^ "Reliable Sources: 'George' Folds". CNN. January 6, 2001.
^ Selye, Katherine Q. (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir To a Formidable Dynasty". New York Times. 
^ Wadler, Joyce (September 12, 1988). "The Sexiest Kennedy". 
^ Bly, p. 297.
^ O'Neill, Liisa (May 25, 2009). "Actress and former model Brooke Shields reveals that she didn't lose her virginity until she was 22". New York Daily News. 
^ Landau, pp. 94-95.
^ Specter, Michael (September 20, 1992). "FILM; Bimbo? Sarah Jessica Parker Begs to Differ". New York Times. 
^ Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Twenty-First Century Books. p. 117. ISBN 0-7613-1857-7. 
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 458. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Heymann, p. 463.
^ Heymann, p. 447.
^ Heymann, pp. 472-473.
^ Blow, p. 301.
^ Heymann, p. 478-479.
^ Heymann, p. 32.
^ Heymann, p. 36.
^ a b c Heymann, p. 499.
^ a b Grunwald, Michael (July 18, 1999). "JFK Jr. Feared Dead in Plane Crash". Washington Post. 
^ Gellman, Barton (July 19, 1999). "No Hope of Survivors, Admiral Tells Families". Washington Post. 
^ Klein, p. 222.
^ a b "Crash and Search Time Line". The Washington Post. July 22, 1999. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ "Divers Found Bodies". Chicago Tribune. July 22, 1999. 
^ Allen, Mike (July 22, 1999). "Bodies From Kennedy Crash Are Found". New York Times. 
^ "NTSB report NYC99MA178". 
^ Maxwell, Paula (July 28, 1999). "Kennedy cremated in Duxbury" (PDF). Duxbury Clipper. Duxbury. MA. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ Landau, p. 20.
^ Gellman, Barton; Ferdinand, Pamela (1999-07-23). "Kennedy, Bessettes Given Shipboard Rites". Washington Post. pp. A1. Retrieved 2008-05-22. 
^ Landau, p. 23.
^ "Daily News' iconic photo of JFK Jr.'s salute to dad's coffin still haunts". New York Daily News. November 17, 2013. 
^ "JFK, JR. INSTITUTE FOR WORKER EDUCATION". 
^ Kicenuik, Kimberly A. (September 22, 2003). "ARCO Forum at IOP Renamed In Honor of John F. Kennedy Jr.". The Harvard Crimson. 


Works cited[edit]

Blow, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. St. Martin's Paperbacks. ISBN 978-0312988999. 
Bly, Nellie (1996). The Kennedy Men: Three Generations of Sex, Scandal and Secrets. Kensington. ISBN 978-1575661063. 
Coulter, Ann (2004). How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must): The World According to Ann Coulter. Crown Forum. ISBN 1400054184. 
Davis, John H. (1993). The Kennedys: Dynasty and Disaster. S.P.I. Books. ISBN 978-1561710607. 
Heymann, C. David (2008). American Legacy: The Story of John and Caroline Kennedy. Atria Books. ISBN 0743497392. 
Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Millbrook Press. ISBN 978-0761318576. 
Leamer, Laurence (2005). Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty. William Morrow Paperbacks. ISBN 0060559020. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John F. Kennedy, Jr..



John F. Kennedy Jr. on IMDb
FBI file on John F. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy Jr. at Find a Grave







v
t
e


John F. Kennedy






35th President of the United States (1961–1963)
U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1953–1960)
U.S. Representative for MA-11 (1947–1953)





Presidency
(timeline)



Presidential Office: Inauguration
Cabinet
Judicial appointments

Supreme Court


Presidential pardons


Domestic policy: Clean Air Act
Communications Satellite Act
Community Mental Health Act
Equal Pay Act
Federal affirmative action
Federal housing segregation ban
Fifty-mile hikes
Food for Peace
New Frontier
Pilot Food Stamp Program
Space policy
Status of Women (Presidential Commission)
University of Alabama integration
Voter Education Project


Foreign policy: Alliance for Progress
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty


Flexible response
Kennedy Doctrine
Peace Corps
Trade Expansion Act
USAID
Vietnam War
Cuba: Bay of Pigs Invasion
Cuban Project
Cuban Missile Crisis

ExComm


Soviet Union: Berlin Crisis
Moscow–Washington hotline
Vienna summit


White House: Presidential limousine
Presidential yacht
Resolute desk
Situation Room





Presidential
speeches



Inaugural address
American University speech
"We choose to go to the Moon"
Civil Rights Address
"Ich bin ein Berliner"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"





Elections



U.S. States House of Representatives elections, 1946
1948
1950
U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts, 1952
1958
1960 Presidential primaries
1960 Presidential campaign
Democratic National Convention 1956
1960
U.S. presidential election, 1960

debates







Personal life



Birthplace and childhood home
Kennedy Compound
US Navy service PT-109

Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana
Arthur Evans
PT-59
Castle Hot Springs


Hammersmith Farm
Coretta Scott King phone call
Rocking chair
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"





Books
authored



Why England Slept (1940)
Profiles in Courage (1956)
A Nation of Immigrants (1958)





Death



Assassination

timeline
reactions
in popular culture


State funeral

Riderless horse
attending dignitaries


Gravesite and Eternal Flame





Legacy



John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum (Boston)
1964 Civil Rights Act
Apollo 11 Moon landing
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Kennedy Space Center (Florida)
Kennedy Round
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
VISTA
Cultural depictions

films
Kennedy half dollar
U.S. postage stamps
U.S. five cent stamp
Lincoln–Kennedy coincidences


Operation Sail





Memorials,
namesakes



Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington DC)
JK College (Mauritius)
Kennedy Expressway (Chicago)
JFK International Airport (New York)
JFK Memorial (Dallas)
JFK Memorial Bridge (Kentucky–Indiana)
JFK School of Government (Harvard Univ.)
JFK Special Warfare Center and School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina)
JFK University (California)
JFK Memorial (Runnymede, Britain)
Yad Kennedy (Jerusalem)
USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)
USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79)
MV John F. Kennedy





Family



Jacqueline Bouvier (wife)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy Jr.

son
plane crash


Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (father)
Rose Fitzgerald (mother)
Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (brother)
Rosemary Kennedy (sister)
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (sister)
Eunice Kennedy Shriver (sister)
Patricia Kennedy Lawford (sister)
Robert F. Kennedy (brother)
Jean Kennedy Smith (sister)
Ted Kennedy (brother)
P. J. Kennedy (grandfather)
John F. Fitzgerald (grandfather)








← Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lyndon B. Johnson →


 Category












v
t
e


Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis



Family



John F. Kennedy (first husband, presidency)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy, Jr. (son)
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Aristotle Onassis (second husband)
Janet Lee Bouvier (mother)
John Vernou Bouvier III (father)
Lee Radziwill (sister)
Hugh D. Auchincloss (stepfather)
Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd (half-sister)
Edith Ewing Bouvier (aunt)










Life events



Hammersmith Farm
Kennedy Compound
First Lady of the United States

White House restoration
Televised White House tour
White House Historical Association
White House Curator
Committee for the Preservation of the White House
Resolute desk


Assassination of John F. Kennedy
State funeral of John F. Kennedy
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Eternal Flame and burial site





Fashion



Wedding dress of Jacqueline Bouvier
The bouffant hairstyle
Pillbox hat
Pink Chanel suit





Honors and
memorials



Jacqueline Kennedy Garden
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School ballet





Other



Cultural depictions
Jackie O (1997 opera)
Jackie (2016 film)












v
t
e


Kennedy family



I.




Patrick Kennedy (c. 1823 – 1858)



Patrick Joseph 'P. J.' Kennedy








II.




P. J. Kennedy (1858–1929)



Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.








III.




Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (1888–1969)
Rose Kennedy (1890–1995)



Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy (m.) Jacqueline Bouvier
Rosemary Kennedy
Kathleen Kennedy (m.) William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington
Eunice Kennedy (m.) Sargent Shriver
Patricia Kennedy (m./div.) Peter Lawford
Robert F. Kennedy (m.) Ethel Kennedy
Jean Kennedy (m.) Stephen Edward Smith
Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy (m./div. 1st) Joan Bennett; (m. 2nd) Victoria Reggie








IV.




John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917–1963)



Caroline Kennedy (m.) Edwin Schlossberg
John F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Carolyn Bessette
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy





Eunice Kennedy Shriver (1921–2009)



Bobby Shriver
Maria Shriver (m./sep.) Arnold Schwarzenegger
Timothy Shriver
Mark Shriver
Anthony Shriver





Patricia Kennedy Lawford (1924–2006)



Christopher Lawford





Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968)



Kathleen Kennedy Townsend
Joseph P. Kennedy II
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Cheryl Hines
David A. Kennedy
Courtney Kennedy Hill
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
Kerry Kennedy (m./div.) Andrew Cuomo
Christopher G. Kennedy
Max Kennedy
Douglas Harriman Kennedy
Rory Kennedy





Jean Kennedy Smith (born 1928)



William Kennedy Smith





Ted Kennedy (1932–2009)



Kara Kennedy
Edward M. Kennedy Jr.
Patrick J. Kennedy








VI.



Rose Schlossberg
Jack Schlossberg
Katherine Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger
Joseph P. Kennedy III





Related topics



Hickory Hill
Kennedy Compound
Kennedy curse
Merchandise Mart
The Kennedys (museum)





Category

Kennedy family




m. = married; div. = divorced; sep. = separated.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 73930660
LCCN: n93067737
ISNI: 0000 0000 3211 7044
GND: 119187752
SUDOC: 032684444
BNF: cb12366658m (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_F._Kennedy_Jr.&oldid=791314122"					
Categories: 1960 births1999 deathsAccidental deaths in MassachusettsAmerican magazine foundersAmerican magazine publishers (people)American socialitesAviators from New YorkAviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesBouvier familyBrown University alumniChildren of Presidents of the United StatesKennedy familyNew York lawyersNew York University School of Law alumniPeople from the Upper East SidePhillips Academy alumniCollegiate School (New York) alumniWriters from New York CityWriters from Washington, D.C.20th-century American lawyersVictims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 12:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John F. Kennedy Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






John F. Kennedy Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John-John" and "John Kennedy Jr." redirect here. For people named John John, see John John. For other people named John Kennedy Jr., see John Kennedy (disambiguation).


John F. Kennedy Jr.



Kennedy greets invited guests at the HBO
and Imagine Entertainment premiere held
at the Kennedy Space Center in 1998.



Born
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
(1960-11-25)November 25, 1960
Washington, D.C., U.S.


Died
July 16, 1999(1999-07-16) (aged 38)
Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, U.S.


Cause of death
Plane crash


Alma mater
Brown University (A.B.)
New York University (J.D.)


Occupation
Journalist, lawyer, magazine publisher


Spouse(s)
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy
(m. 1996)


Parent(s)
John F. Kennedy
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


Relatives
See Kennedy family


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy. His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
From his early childhood years at the White House and beyond, Kennedy was the subject of great media scrutiny, and he became a popular social figure of Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, Kennedy worked as a New York City Assistant District Attorney for almost four years. In 1995, he launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Mother's remarriage


2 Career

2.1 Acting


3 George magazine

3.1 Magazine decline
3.2 Family activity
3.3 Relationships
3.4 Marriage


4 Flying history
5 Death
6 Legacy
7 See also
8 References

8.1 Works cited


9 External links



Early life and education[edit]




JFK Jr. with his father at the White House at age two.


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born at Georgetown University Hospital on November 25, 1960, two weeks after his father was elected president. His parents had a stillborn daughter named Arabella four years before John Jr.'s birth. John Jr. had an older sister, Caroline, and an infant brother, Patrick, who died two days after his premature birth in 1963. His putative nickname, "John-John", came from a reporter who misheard JFK calling him "John" twice in quick succession; the name was not used by his family.[1]
John Jr. lived in the White House during the first three years of his life, and later remained in the public spotlight up until his death. His father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, and the state funeral was held three days later on John Jr.'s third birthday. In a moment that became an iconic image of the 1960s, John Jr. stepped forward and rendered a final salute as his father's flag-draped casket was carried out from St. Matthew's Cathedral.[2] The family continued with their plans for a birthday party, to demonstrate that the Kennedys would go on despite the death of their father.[3]
Kennedy attended private schools in New York City, starting at Saint David's School and moving to Collegiate School, which he attended from third through tenth grade,[4] and completed high school at Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating, he went to Brown University where he majored in American studies.[5] There, he co-founded a student discussion group that focused on contemporary issues such as apartheid in South Africa, gun control, and civil rights. Visiting South Africa during a summer break, he was appalled by apartheid, and arranged for U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young to speak about the topic at Brown.[6]
By his junior year at Brown, he had moved off campus to live with several other students in a shared house,[7] and spent time at Xenon, a club owned by Howard Stein. Kennedy was initiated into Phi Psi, a local social fraternity which had been the Rhode Island Alpha Chapter of national Phi Kappa Psi fraternity until 1978.[8] He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in American studies, and then took a working break, traveling to India and spending some time at the University of Delhi, where he met Mother Teresa. He also worked with some of the Kennedy special interest projects, including the East Harlem School at Exodus House and Reaching Up.
Mother's remarriage[edit]
Following his father's assassination, Kennedy moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City with his mother and sister, where he grew up. In 1967, his mother took him and his sister Caroline on a six-week "sentimental journey" to Ireland, where they met President Éamon de Valera and visited the Kennedy ancestral home in Dunganstown.[4]
After his uncle Robert was assassinated in 1968, his mother took him and his sister out of the United States, saying: "If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets ... I want to get out of this country."[9] The same year, she married Greek shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis, and the family went to live on his private island of Skorpios. Kennedy is said to have considered his stepfather "a joke".[10]
In 1971, Kennedy returned to the White House with his mother and sister for the first time since the assassination. President Richard Nixon's daughters gave Kennedy a tour that included his old bedroom, and Nixon showed him the Resolute desk under which his father had let him play. When Onassis died in 1975, he left Kennedy $25,000, though Jacqueline was able to renegotiate the will, and acquired $20 million for herself and her children.[11]
In 1976, Kennedy and his cousin visited an earthquake disaster zone at Rabinal in Guatemala, helping with heavy building work and distributing food. The local priest said that they "ate what the people of Rabinal ate and dressed in Guatemalan clothes and slept in tents like most of the earthquake victims", adding that the two "did more for their country's image" in Guatemala "than a roomful of ambassadors".[12] On his sixteenth birthday, Kennedy's Secret Service protection ended.[13] He spent the summer of 1978 working as a wrangler in Wyoming.[14]
Before attending Brown University, Kennedy accompanied his mother to Africa. On a pioneering course, he rescued his group, which had got lost for two days without food or water, and won points for leadership.[15] In 1979, the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum was dedicated, and Kennedy made his first major speech, reciting Stephen Spender's poem "I Think Continually of Those Who Were Truly Great".[16]
Career[edit]
After the 1984 Democratic Convention in San Francisco, Kennedy returned to New York and earned $20,000 a year in a position at the Office of Business Development, where his boss reflected that he worked "in the same crummy cubbyhole as everybody else. I heaped on the work and was always pleased."[17] From 1984 to 1986, he worked for the New York City Office of Business Development and served as deputy director of the 42nd Street Development Corporation in 1986,[18] conducting negotiations with developers and city agencies. In 1988, he became a summer associate at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips, a Los Angeles law firm with strong connections to the Democratic Party. There, Kennedy worked for Charlie Manatt, his uncle Ted Kennedy's law school roommate.[17]
From 1989, Kennedy headed Reaching Up, a nonprofit group which provided educational and other opportunities for workers who helped people with disabilities. William Ebenstein, executive director of Reaching Up, said, "He was always concerned with the working poor, and his family always had an interest in helping them."
In 1989, Kennedy earned a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.[19] He then failed the New York bar exam twice, before passing on his third try in July 1990.[20] Kennedy vowed, after failing it for the second time, that he would take it continuously until he was ninety-five years old or passed,[21] though if he had failed a third time, he would have been out as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office, where he worked for the next four years.[22][23] On August 29, 1991, Kennedy won his first prosecution.[24]
In summer 1992, he worked as a journalist and was commissioned by The New York Times to write an article about his kayaking expedition to the Aland Archipelago, where he saved one of his friends from the water when his kayak capsized.[25] He then considered creating a magazine with his friend, public-relations magnate Michael J. Berman – a plan which his mother thought too risky. In his 2001 book The Day John Died, Christopher Andersen wrote that Jacqueline had also worried that her son would die in a plane crash, and asked longtime-companion Maurice Tempelsman "to do whatever it took to keep John from becoming a pilot".[26]
Acting[edit]
Meanwhile, he had done a bit of acting, which was one of his passions (he had appeared in many plays while at Brown). He expressed interest in acting as a career, but his mother strongly disapproved of it, as an unsuitable profession.[27] On August 4, 1985, Kennedy made his New York acting debut in front of an invitation-only audience at the Irish Theater on Manhattan's West Side. Executive director of the Irish Arts Center, Nye Heron, said that Kennedy was "one of the best young actors I've seen in years".[18] Kennedy's director, Robin Saex, stated, "He has an earnestness that just shines through." Kennedy's largest acting role was playing a fictionalized version of himself in the season-eight episode of sitcom Murphy Brown, called "Altered States". In this episode, Kennedy visits Brown at her office, in order to promote a magazine he is publishing.
George magazine[edit]
In 1995, Kennedy and Michael Berman founded George, a glossy, politics-as-lifestyle and fashion monthly, with Kennedy controlling 50 percent of the shares.[27] Kennedy officially launched the magazine at a news conference in Manhattan on September 8, and joked that he had not seen so many reporters in one place since he failed his first bar exam.[28]
Each issue of the magazine contained an editor's column and interviews written by Kennedy,[29] who believed they could make politics "accessible by covering it in an entertaining and compelling way" which would allow "popular interest and involvement" to follow.[30] Kennedy did interviews with Louis Farrakhan, Billy Graham, Garth Brooks, and others.[30]
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter wrote in a column that George was "truly a political magazine, not a Democratic magazine". Coulter claimed that Kennedy had admired an article she wrote attacking a congressman, and she also claimed that in one of their last conversations, Kennedy mocked one of the magazine's liberal columnists for being a "predictable bore" despite a lack of recorded proof.[31]
The first issue was criticized for its image of Cindy Crawford posing as George Washington in a powdered wig and ruffled shirt. In defense of the cover, Kennedy stated that "political magazines should look like Mirabella."[32]
In July 1997, Vanity Fair had published a profile of Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani claiming that the mayor was sleeping with his press secretary (which both parties denied). Although tempted to follow up on this story, Kennedy decided against it.[33] The same month, Kennedy wrote about meeting Mother Teresa, declaring that the "three days I spent in her presence was the strongest evidence this struggling Catholic has ever had that God exists."[29]
The September 1997 issue of George centered on temptation, and featured two of Kennedy's cousins, Michael LeMoyne Kennedy and Joseph P. Kennedy II. Michael had been accused of having an affair with his children's underaged babysitter, while Joe had been accused by his ex-wife of having bullied her. John declared that both his cousins had become "poster boys for bad behaviour" - believed to be the first time a member of the Kennedy family had publicly attacked another Kennedy. He said he was trying to show that press coverage of the pair was unfair, due to them being Kennedys.[34] But Joe paraphrased John's father by stating, "Ask not what you can do for your cousin, but what you can do for his magazine."[35]
Magazine decline[edit]
By early 1997, Kennedy and Berman found themselves locked in a power struggle, which led to screaming matches, slammed doors, and even one physical altercation. Eventually Berman sold his share of the company, and Kennedy took on Berman's responsibilities himself. Though the magazine had already begun to decline in popularity before Berman left, his departure was followed by a rapid drop in sales.[36]
David Pecker, CEO of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines, who were partners in George, said that this was because Kennedy refused to "take risks as an editor, despite the fact that he was an extraordinary risk taker in other areas of his life." Pecker said, "He understood that the target audience for George was the eighteen-to-thirty-four-year-old demographic, yet he would routinely turn down interviews that would appeal to this age group, like Princess Diana or John Gotti, Jr., to interview subjects like Dan Rostenkowski or Vo Nguyen Giap."[36] Shortly before his death, Kennedy had been planning a series of online chats with the 2000 presidential candidates. Microsoft was to provide the technology and pay for it while receiving advertising in George.[37] After his death, the magazine was bought out by Hachette,[38] but folded in early 2001.[39]
Family activity[edit]




Photograph of a June 24, 1985 reception for the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation held at Senator Ted Kennedy's McLean, Virginia residence. Photographed are (from left to right) Ted Kennedy, President Ronald Reagan, First Lady Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Ethel Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Kennedy addressed the 1988 Democratic National Convention, introducing his uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy. He invoked his father's inaugural address, calling "a generation to public service", and received a two-minute standing ovation.[40] Republican consultant Richard Viguerie said he did not remember a word of the speech, but remembered "a good delivery" and added, "I think it was a plus for the Democrats and the boy. He is strikingly handsome."[41]
Kennedy participated in his cousin Patrick J. Kennedy's campaign for a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives by visiting the district.[42] He sat outside the polling booth and had his picture taken with "would-be" voters. The polaroid ploy worked so well in the campaign that Patrick J. Kennedy used it again in 1994.
Relationships[edit]
While attending Brown University, Kennedy met Sally Munro, whom he dated for six years, and they visited India in 1983. Also while at Brown, he met Brooke Shields,[43] with whom he was later linked.
Kennedy also dated models Cindy Crawford and Julie Baker, as well as actress Sarah Jessica Parker,[44] who said she enjoyed dating Kennedy but realized he "was a public domain kind of a guy." Parker claimed to have no idea what "real fame" was until dating Kennedy and felt that she should "apologize for dating him" since it became the "defining factor in the person" she was.[45]
Kennedy had known actress Daryl Hannah since their two families had vacationed together in St. Maarten in the early '80s. After meeting again at the wedding of his aunt Lee Radziwill in 1988, they dated for five and a half years, though their relationship was complicated by her feelings for singer Jackson Browne, with whom she had lived for a time.
Also during this time Kennedy dated Christina Haag. They knew each other as children and also attended Brown University.
Marriage[edit]
After his relationship with Daryl Hannah ended, Kennedy cohabitated with Carolyn Bessette, who worked in the fashion industry and was the youngest daughter of William J. Bessette and Ann Messina Freeman. They were engaged for a year, though Kennedy consistently denied reports of this. They married in a secret ceremony on September 21, 1996, on Cumberland Island, Georgia,[46] where his sister, Caroline, was matron of honor and his cousin Anthony Radziwill was best man.[47]
The next day, Kennedy's cousin Patrick revealed that the pair had married. When they returned to their Manhattan home, there were a mass of reporters on the doorstep. One of them asked Kennedy if he had enjoyed his honeymoon, to which he responded "Very much." He added "Getting married is a big adjustment for us, and for a private citizen like Carolyn even more so. I ask you to give her all the privacy and room you can."[48]
But Carolyn was, in fact, badly disoriented by the constant attention from the paparazzi. The couple was permanently on show, both at fashionable Manhattan events, and on their travels to visit celebrities such as Mariuccia Mandelli and Gianni Versace.[49] She also complained to her friend, journalist Jonathan Soroff, that she could not get a job without being accused of exploiting her fame.[50]
Flying history[edit]
Kennedy began taking flying lessons at the Flight Safety Academy in Vero Beach, Florida.[34] In April 1998, he received his pilot's license, which he had dreamed about since he was a child.[28]
The death of his cousin Michael in a skiing accident brought about a change in Kennedy, making death "just seem closer and closer."[51] Kennedy felt so distressed that he took a hiatus from his piloting lessons at Flight Safety International in Florida for three months. His sister, Caroline, had hoped his decision to stop taking piloting lessons would be permanent, but when he resumed, she resigned herself to the "fact that she could do little to stop him."[52]
Death[edit]
Main article: John F. Kennedy Jr. plane crash
On July 16, 1999, Kennedy departed from Fairfield, New Jersey, at the controls of his Piper Saratoga light aircraft, carrying his wife, Carolyn, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette, to attend the wedding of his cousin Rory Kennedy at Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. He had purchased the plane on April 28, 1999, from Air Bound Aviation.[53] Carolyn and Lauren were sitting in the second row of seats.[54] Kennedy had checked in with the control tower at the Martha's Vineyard Airport but, when the plane failed to arrive, it was reported missing.[55]
Officials were not optimistic about finding survivors after aircraft debris and a black suitcase belonging to Bessette were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean.[56] President Bill Clinton gave his support to the Kennedy family during the search for the three ill-fated passengers.[56]
On July 18, a Coast Guard admiral declared an end to hope that Kennedy, his wife and her sister could be found alive.[57] On July 19, the fragments of Kennedy's plane were found by the NOAA vessel Rude using side-scan sonar. The next day, Navy divers descended into the 62 °F (17 °C) water. The divers found part of the shattered plane strewn over a broad area of seabed 120 feet (37 m) below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.[58] The search ended in the late afternoon of July 21, when the three bodies were recovered from the ocean floor by Navy divers and taken by motorcade to the county medical examiner's office.[59] The discovery was made from high-resolution images of the ocean bottom.[60] Divers found Carolyn and Lauren's bodies near the twisted and broken fuselage while Kennedy's body was still strapped into the pilot's seat.[55] Admiral Richard M. Larrabee of the Coast Guard said that all three bodies were "near and under" the fuselage, still strapped in.[61]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the probable cause of the crash was pilot error: "Kennedy's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night, which was a result of spatial disorientation."[62]
On the evening of July 21, autopsies at the county medical examiner's office revealed that the crash victims had died upon impact. At the same time, the Kennedy and Bessette families announced their plans for memorial services.[59] On July 21, the three bodies were taken from Hyannis to Duxbury, where they were cremated in the Mayflower Cemetery crematorium.[63] Ted Kennedy favored a public service for John while Caroline Kennedy insisted on family privacy.[64] On the morning of July 22, their ashes were scattered at sea from the Navy destroyer USS Briscoe off the coast of Martha's Vineyard.[65]
A memorial service was held for Kennedy on July 23, 1999 at the Church of St. Thomas More, a church Kennedy had often attended with his mother and sister. The invitation-only service was attended by hundreds of mourners, including President Bill Clinton, who presented the family with photo albums of John and Carolyn on their visit to the White House from the previous year.[66]
Kennedy's last will and testament stipulated that his personal belongings, property, and holdings were to be "evenly distributed" among his sister Caroline Kennedy's three children, who were among fourteen beneficiaries in his will.[55]
Legacy[edit]
John F. Kennedy Jr. was the first child ever born to a President-elect of the United States. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John Jr.'s father on November 22, 1963, the New York Daily News re-ran the famous photograph of the three-year-old Kennedy saluting his father's coffin. Photographer Dan Farrell, who took the photo, called it "the saddest thing I've ever seen in my whole life".[67]
In 2000, Reaching Up, the organization which Kennedy founded in 1989, joined with The City University of New York to establish the John F. Kennedy, Jr. Institute.[68] On September 19, 2003, the ARCO Forum at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government was renamed to the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum of Public Affairs. An active participant in Forum events, Kennedy had also been a member of the IOP's Senior Advisory Committee for fifteen years. Kennedy's uncle Senator Ted Kennedy said the renaming would symbolically link Kennedy and his father while his sister, Caroline, stated the renaming represented his love of discussing politics.[69]
See also[edit]

Kennedy Curse
America's Prince: The John F. Kennedy Jr. Story

References[edit]


^ Kennedy Year in Review Archived 2006-05-13 at the Wayback Machine. CNN.
^ Lucas, Dean (2007-07-22). "Famous Pictures Magazine – JFK Jr salutes JFK". Famous Pictures Magazine. Retrieved 2013-05-21. 
^ Leamer, p. 1.
^ a b Heymann, pp. 145–146.
^ Leigh, pp. 236-237.
^ Landau, p. 78.
^ Landau, p. 82.
^ Robert T. Littell, The Men We Became: My Friendship With John F. Kennedy, Jr. (St. Martin's Press 2004), passim.
^ Seely, Katherine (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir to a Formidable Dynasty". The New York Times. Retrieved November 8, 2009. 
^ Davis, p. 690.
^ Shane, Scott (July 18, 1999). "A life lived in celebrity". Baltimore Sun. 
^ Leigh, pp. 195–196.
^ Leigh, p. 137.
^ Landau, p. 77.
^ Leigh, p. 235.
^ Leigh, p. 251.
^ a b Gross, Michael (March 20, 1989). "Favorite Son". New York Magazine. 
^ a b Bly, p. 279.
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 323. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Blow, Richard; Bradley, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Macmillan. p. 17. ISBN 0-312-98899-0. 
^ "JOHN KENNEDY JR. FAILS BAR EXAM 2ND TIME; SAYS HE'LL TAKE IT AGAIN". Desert News. May 1, 1990. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Jr. Passes Bar Exam". Los Angeles Times. November 4, 1990. 
^ Spoto, Donald (2000). Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis: A Life. Macmillan. p. 330. ISBN 0-312-97707-7. 
^ Sullivan, Ronald (August 30, 1991). "Prosecutor Kennedy Wins First Trial, Easily". The New York Times. 
^ Andersen, Christopher (2014). The Good Son: JFK Jr. and the Mother He Loved. Gallery Books. pp. 266–267. ISBN 978-1476775562. 
^ "Book: JFK. Jr's Death Foretold". ABC News. July 11, 2000. 
^ a b A&E Biography
^ a b Landau, p. 117.
^ a b Sumner, David E. (2010). The Magazine Century: American Magazines Since 1900. Peter Lang International Academic Publishers. p. 201. ISBN 978-1433104930. 
^ a b Landau, pp. 100-102.
^ Coulter, pp. 317-318.
^ Landau, p. 99.
^ Blow, pp. 174-175.
^ a b Andersen, p. 316.
^ Leigh, pp. 322-323.
^ a b Heymann, p. 438.
^ Blow, p. 274.
^ Bercovici, Jeff (2001). "Hachette delivers death ax to George" Archived 2007-09-30 at the Wayback Machine.. Media Life Magazine.
^ "Reliable Sources: 'George' Folds". CNN. January 6, 2001.
^ Selye, Katherine Q. (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir To a Formidable Dynasty". New York Times. 
^ Wadler, Joyce (September 12, 1988). "The Sexiest Kennedy". 
^ Bly, p. 297.
^ O'Neill, Liisa (May 25, 2009). "Actress and former model Brooke Shields reveals that she didn't lose her virginity until she was 22". New York Daily News. 
^ Landau, pp. 94-95.
^ Specter, Michael (September 20, 1992). "FILM; Bimbo? Sarah Jessica Parker Begs to Differ". New York Times. 
^ Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Twenty-First Century Books. p. 117. ISBN 0-7613-1857-7. 
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 458. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Heymann, p. 463.
^ Heymann, p. 447.
^ Heymann, pp. 472-473.
^ Blow, p. 301.
^ Heymann, p. 478-479.
^ Heymann, p. 32.
^ Heymann, p. 36.
^ a b c Heymann, p. 499.
^ a b Grunwald, Michael (July 18, 1999). "JFK Jr. Feared Dead in Plane Crash". Washington Post. 
^ Gellman, Barton (July 19, 1999). "No Hope of Survivors, Admiral Tells Families". Washington Post. 
^ Klein, p. 222.
^ a b "Crash and Search Time Line". The Washington Post. July 22, 1999. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ "Divers Found Bodies". Chicago Tribune. July 22, 1999. 
^ Allen, Mike (July 22, 1999). "Bodies From Kennedy Crash Are Found". New York Times. 
^ "NTSB report NYC99MA178". 
^ Maxwell, Paula (July 28, 1999). "Kennedy cremated in Duxbury" (PDF). Duxbury Clipper. Duxbury. MA. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ Landau, p. 20.
^ Gellman, Barton; Ferdinand, Pamela (1999-07-23). "Kennedy, Bessettes Given Shipboard Rites". Washington Post. pp. A1. Retrieved 2008-05-22. 
^ Landau, p. 23.
^ "Daily News' iconic photo of JFK Jr.'s salute to dad's coffin still haunts". New York Daily News. November 17, 2013. 
^ "JFK, JR. INSTITUTE FOR WORKER EDUCATION". 
^ Kicenuik, Kimberly A. (September 22, 2003). "ARCO Forum at IOP Renamed In Honor of John F. Kennedy Jr.". The Harvard Crimson. 


Works cited[edit]

Blow, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. St. Martin's Paperbacks. ISBN 978-0312988999. 
Bly, Nellie (1996). The Kennedy Men: Three Generations of Sex, Scandal and Secrets. Kensington. ISBN 978-1575661063. 
Coulter, Ann (2004). How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must): The World According to Ann Coulter. Crown Forum. ISBN 1400054184. 
Davis, John H. (1993). The Kennedys: Dynasty and Disaster. S.P.I. Books. ISBN 978-1561710607. 
Heymann, C. David (2008). American Legacy: The Story of John and Caroline Kennedy. Atria Books. ISBN 0743497392. 
Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Millbrook Press. ISBN 978-0761318576. 
Leamer, Laurence (2005). Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty. William Morrow Paperbacks. ISBN 0060559020. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John F. Kennedy, Jr..



John F. Kennedy Jr. on IMDb
FBI file on John F. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy Jr. at Find a Grave







v
t
e


John F. Kennedy






35th President of the United States (1961–1963)
U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1953–1960)
U.S. Representative for MA-11 (1947–1953)





Presidency
(timeline)



Presidential Office: Inauguration
Cabinet
Judicial appointments

Supreme Court


Presidential pardons


Domestic policy: Clean Air Act
Communications Satellite Act
Community Mental Health Act
Equal Pay Act
Federal affirmative action
Federal housing segregation ban
Fifty-mile hikes
Food for Peace
New Frontier
Pilot Food Stamp Program
Space policy
Status of Women (Presidential Commission)
University of Alabama integration
Voter Education Project


Foreign policy: Alliance for Progress
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty


Flexible response
Kennedy Doctrine
Peace Corps
Trade Expansion Act
USAID
Vietnam War
Cuba: Bay of Pigs Invasion
Cuban Project
Cuban Missile Crisis

ExComm


Soviet Union: Berlin Crisis
Moscow–Washington hotline
Vienna summit


White House: Presidential limousine
Presidential yacht
Resolute desk
Situation Room





Presidential
speeches



Inaugural address
American University speech
"We choose to go to the Moon"
Civil Rights Address
"Ich bin ein Berliner"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"





Elections



U.S. States House of Representatives elections, 1946
1948
1950
U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts, 1952
1958
1960 Presidential primaries
1960 Presidential campaign
Democratic National Convention 1956
1960
U.S. presidential election, 1960

debates







Personal life



Birthplace and childhood home
Kennedy Compound
US Navy service PT-109

Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana
Arthur Evans
PT-59
Castle Hot Springs


Hammersmith Farm
Coretta Scott King phone call
Rocking chair
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"





Books
authored



Why England Slept (1940)
Profiles in Courage (1956)
A Nation of Immigrants (1958)





Death



Assassination

timeline
reactions
in popular culture


State funeral

Riderless horse
attending dignitaries


Gravesite and Eternal Flame





Legacy



John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum (Boston)
1964 Civil Rights Act
Apollo 11 Moon landing
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Kennedy Space Center (Florida)
Kennedy Round
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
VISTA
Cultural depictions

films
Kennedy half dollar
U.S. postage stamps
U.S. five cent stamp
Lincoln–Kennedy coincidences


Operation Sail





Memorials,
namesakes



Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington DC)
JK College (Mauritius)
Kennedy Expressway (Chicago)
JFK International Airport (New York)
JFK Memorial (Dallas)
JFK Memorial Bridge (Kentucky–Indiana)
JFK School of Government (Harvard Univ.)
JFK Special Warfare Center and School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina)
JFK University (California)
JFK Memorial (Runnymede, Britain)
Yad Kennedy (Jerusalem)
USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)
USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79)
MV John F. Kennedy





Family



Jacqueline Bouvier (wife)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy Jr.

son
plane crash


Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (father)
Rose Fitzgerald (mother)
Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (brother)
Rosemary Kennedy (sister)
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (sister)
Eunice Kennedy Shriver (sister)
Patricia Kennedy Lawford (sister)
Robert F. Kennedy (brother)
Jean Kennedy Smith (sister)
Ted Kennedy (brother)
P. J. Kennedy (grandfather)
John F. Fitzgerald (grandfather)








← Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lyndon B. Johnson →


 Category












v
t
e


Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis



Family



John F. Kennedy (first husband, presidency)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy, Jr. (son)
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Aristotle Onassis (second husband)
Janet Lee Bouvier (mother)
John Vernou Bouvier III (father)
Lee Radziwill (sister)
Hugh D. Auchincloss (stepfather)
Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd (half-sister)
Edith Ewing Bouvier (aunt)










Life events



Hammersmith Farm
Kennedy Compound
First Lady of the United States

White House restoration
Televised White House tour
White House Historical Association
White House Curator
Committee for the Preservation of the White House
Resolute desk


Assassination of John F. Kennedy
State funeral of John F. Kennedy
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Eternal Flame and burial site





Fashion



Wedding dress of Jacqueline Bouvier
The bouffant hairstyle
Pillbox hat
Pink Chanel suit





Honors and
memorials



Jacqueline Kennedy Garden
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School ballet





Other



Cultural depictions
Jackie O (1997 opera)
Jackie (2016 film)












v
t
e


Kennedy family



I.




Patrick Kennedy (c. 1823 – 1858)



Patrick Joseph 'P. J.' Kennedy








II.




P. J. Kennedy (1858–1929)



Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.








III.




Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (1888–1969)
Rose Kennedy (1890–1995)



Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy (m.) Jacqueline Bouvier
Rosemary Kennedy
Kathleen Kennedy (m.) William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington
Eunice Kennedy (m.) Sargent Shriver
Patricia Kennedy (m./div.) Peter Lawford
Robert F. Kennedy (m.) Ethel Kennedy
Jean Kennedy (m.) Stephen Edward Smith
Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy (m./div. 1st) Joan Bennett; (m. 2nd) Victoria Reggie








IV.




John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917–1963)



Caroline Kennedy (m.) Edwin Schlossberg
John F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Carolyn Bessette
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy





Eunice Kennedy Shriver (1921–2009)



Bobby Shriver
Maria Shriver (m./sep.) Arnold Schwarzenegger
Timothy Shriver
Mark Shriver
Anthony Shriver





Patricia Kennedy Lawford (1924–2006)



Christopher Lawford





Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968)



Kathleen Kennedy Townsend
Joseph P. Kennedy II
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Cheryl Hines
David A. Kennedy
Courtney Kennedy Hill
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
Kerry Kennedy (m./div.) Andrew Cuomo
Christopher G. Kennedy
Max Kennedy
Douglas Harriman Kennedy
Rory Kennedy





Jean Kennedy Smith (born 1928)



William Kennedy Smith





Ted Kennedy (1932–2009)



Kara Kennedy
Edward M. Kennedy Jr.
Patrick J. Kennedy








VI.



Rose Schlossberg
Jack Schlossberg
Katherine Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger
Joseph P. Kennedy III





Related topics



Hickory Hill
Kennedy Compound
Kennedy curse
Merchandise Mart
The Kennedys (museum)





Category

Kennedy family




m. = married; div. = divorced; sep. = separated.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 73930660
LCCN: n93067737
ISNI: 0000 0000 3211 7044
GND: 119187752
SUDOC: 032684444
BNF: cb12366658m (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_F._Kennedy_Jr.&oldid=791314122"					
Categories: 1960 births1999 deathsAccidental deaths in MassachusettsAmerican magazine foundersAmerican magazine publishers (people)American socialitesAviators from New YorkAviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesBouvier familyBrown University alumniChildren of Presidents of the United StatesKennedy familyNew York lawyersNew York University School of Law alumniPeople from the Upper East SidePhillips Academy alumniCollegiate School (New York) alumniWriters from New York CityWriters from Washington, D.C.20th-century American lawyersVictims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 12:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John F. Kennedy Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






John F. Kennedy Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John-John" and "John Kennedy Jr." redirect here. For people named John John, see John John. For other people named John Kennedy Jr., see John Kennedy (disambiguation).


John F. Kennedy Jr.



Kennedy greets invited guests at the HBO
and Imagine Entertainment premiere held
at the Kennedy Space Center in 1998.



Born
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
(1960-11-25)November 25, 1960
Washington, D.C., U.S.


Died
July 16, 1999(1999-07-16) (aged 38)
Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, U.S.


Cause of death
Plane crash


Alma mater
Brown University (A.B.)
New York University (J.D.)


Occupation
Journalist, lawyer, magazine publisher


Spouse(s)
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy
(m. 1996)


Parent(s)
John F. Kennedy
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


Relatives
See Kennedy family


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy. His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
From his early childhood years at the White House and beyond, Kennedy was the subject of great media scrutiny, and he became a popular social figure of Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, Kennedy worked as a New York City Assistant District Attorney for almost four years. In 1995, he launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Mother's remarriage


2 Career

2.1 Acting


3 George magazine

3.1 Magazine decline
3.2 Family activity
3.3 Relationships
3.4 Marriage


4 Flying history
5 Death
6 Legacy
7 See also
8 References

8.1 Works cited


9 External links



Early life and education[edit]




JFK Jr. with his father at the White House at age two.


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born at Georgetown University Hospital on November 25, 1960, two weeks after his father was elected president. His parents had a stillborn daughter named Arabella four years before John Jr.'s birth. John Jr. had an older sister, Caroline, and an infant brother, Patrick, who died two days after his premature birth in 1963. His putative nickname, "John-John", came from a reporter who misheard JFK calling him "John" twice in quick succession; the name was not used by his family.[1]
John Jr. lived in the White House during the first three years of his life, and later remained in the public spotlight up until his death. His father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, and the state funeral was held three days later on John Jr.'s third birthday. In a moment that became an iconic image of the 1960s, John Jr. stepped forward and rendered a final salute as his father's flag-draped casket was carried out from St. Matthew's Cathedral.[2] The family continued with their plans for a birthday party, to demonstrate that the Kennedys would go on despite the death of their father.[3]
Kennedy attended private schools in New York City, starting at Saint David's School and moving to Collegiate School, which he attended from third through tenth grade,[4] and completed high school at Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating, he went to Brown University where he majored in American studies.[5] There, he co-founded a student discussion group that focused on contemporary issues such as apartheid in South Africa, gun control, and civil rights. Visiting South Africa during a summer break, he was appalled by apartheid, and arranged for U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young to speak about the topic at Brown.[6]
By his junior year at Brown, he had moved off campus to live with several other students in a shared house,[7] and spent time at Xenon, a club owned by Howard Stein. Kennedy was initiated into Phi Psi, a local social fraternity which had been the Rhode Island Alpha Chapter of national Phi Kappa Psi fraternity until 1978.[8] He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in American studies, and then took a working break, traveling to India and spending some time at the University of Delhi, where he met Mother Teresa. He also worked with some of the Kennedy special interest projects, including the East Harlem School at Exodus House and Reaching Up.
Mother's remarriage[edit]
Following his father's assassination, Kennedy moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City with his mother and sister, where he grew up. In 1967, his mother took him and his sister Caroline on a six-week "sentimental journey" to Ireland, where they met President Éamon de Valera and visited the Kennedy ancestral home in Dunganstown.[4]
After his uncle Robert was assassinated in 1968, his mother took him and his sister out of the United States, saying: "If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets ... I want to get out of this country."[9] The same year, she married Greek shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis, and the family went to live on his private island of Skorpios. Kennedy is said to have considered his stepfather "a joke".[10]
In 1971, Kennedy returned to the White House with his mother and sister for the first time since the assassination. President Richard Nixon's daughters gave Kennedy a tour that included his old bedroom, and Nixon showed him the Resolute desk under which his father had let him play. When Onassis died in 1975, he left Kennedy $25,000, though Jacqueline was able to renegotiate the will, and acquired $20 million for herself and her children.[11]
In 1976, Kennedy and his cousin visited an earthquake disaster zone at Rabinal in Guatemala, helping with heavy building work and distributing food. The local priest said that they "ate what the people of Rabinal ate and dressed in Guatemalan clothes and slept in tents like most of the earthquake victims", adding that the two "did more for their country's image" in Guatemala "than a roomful of ambassadors".[12] On his sixteenth birthday, Kennedy's Secret Service protection ended.[13] He spent the summer of 1978 working as a wrangler in Wyoming.[14]
Before attending Brown University, Kennedy accompanied his mother to Africa. On a pioneering course, he rescued his group, which had got lost for two days without food or water, and won points for leadership.[15] In 1979, the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum was dedicated, and Kennedy made his first major speech, reciting Stephen Spender's poem "I Think Continually of Those Who Were Truly Great".[16]
Career[edit]
After the 1984 Democratic Convention in San Francisco, Kennedy returned to New York and earned $20,000 a year in a position at the Office of Business Development, where his boss reflected that he worked "in the same crummy cubbyhole as everybody else. I heaped on the work and was always pleased."[17] From 1984 to 1986, he worked for the New York City Office of Business Development and served as deputy director of the 42nd Street Development Corporation in 1986,[18] conducting negotiations with developers and city agencies. In 1988, he became a summer associate at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips, a Los Angeles law firm with strong connections to the Democratic Party. There, Kennedy worked for Charlie Manatt, his uncle Ted Kennedy's law school roommate.[17]
From 1989, Kennedy headed Reaching Up, a nonprofit group which provided educational and other opportunities for workers who helped people with disabilities. William Ebenstein, executive director of Reaching Up, said, "He was always concerned with the working poor, and his family always had an interest in helping them."
In 1989, Kennedy earned a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.[19] He then failed the New York bar exam twice, before passing on his third try in July 1990.[20] Kennedy vowed, after failing it for the second time, that he would take it continuously until he was ninety-five years old or passed,[21] though if he had failed a third time, he would have been out as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office, where he worked for the next four years.[22][23] On August 29, 1991, Kennedy won his first prosecution.[24]
In summer 1992, he worked as a journalist and was commissioned by The New York Times to write an article about his kayaking expedition to the Aland Archipelago, where he saved one of his friends from the water when his kayak capsized.[25] He then considered creating a magazine with his friend, public-relations magnate Michael J. Berman – a plan which his mother thought too risky. In his 2001 book The Day John Died, Christopher Andersen wrote that Jacqueline had also worried that her son would die in a plane crash, and asked longtime-companion Maurice Tempelsman "to do whatever it took to keep John from becoming a pilot".[26]
Acting[edit]
Meanwhile, he had done a bit of acting, which was one of his passions (he had appeared in many plays while at Brown). He expressed interest in acting as a career, but his mother strongly disapproved of it, as an unsuitable profession.[27] On August 4, 1985, Kennedy made his New York acting debut in front of an invitation-only audience at the Irish Theater on Manhattan's West Side. Executive director of the Irish Arts Center, Nye Heron, said that Kennedy was "one of the best young actors I've seen in years".[18] Kennedy's director, Robin Saex, stated, "He has an earnestness that just shines through." Kennedy's largest acting role was playing a fictionalized version of himself in the season-eight episode of sitcom Murphy Brown, called "Altered States". In this episode, Kennedy visits Brown at her office, in order to promote a magazine he is publishing.
George magazine[edit]
In 1995, Kennedy and Michael Berman founded George, a glossy, politics-as-lifestyle and fashion monthly, with Kennedy controlling 50 percent of the shares.[27] Kennedy officially launched the magazine at a news conference in Manhattan on September 8, and joked that he had not seen so many reporters in one place since he failed his first bar exam.[28]
Each issue of the magazine contained an editor's column and interviews written by Kennedy,[29] who believed they could make politics "accessible by covering it in an entertaining and compelling way" which would allow "popular interest and involvement" to follow.[30] Kennedy did interviews with Louis Farrakhan, Billy Graham, Garth Brooks, and others.[30]
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter wrote in a column that George was "truly a political magazine, not a Democratic magazine". Coulter claimed that Kennedy had admired an article she wrote attacking a congressman, and she also claimed that in one of their last conversations, Kennedy mocked one of the magazine's liberal columnists for being a "predictable bore" despite a lack of recorded proof.[31]
The first issue was criticized for its image of Cindy Crawford posing as George Washington in a powdered wig and ruffled shirt. In defense of the cover, Kennedy stated that "political magazines should look like Mirabella."[32]
In July 1997, Vanity Fair had published a profile of Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani claiming that the mayor was sleeping with his press secretary (which both parties denied). Although tempted to follow up on this story, Kennedy decided against it.[33] The same month, Kennedy wrote about meeting Mother Teresa, declaring that the "three days I spent in her presence was the strongest evidence this struggling Catholic has ever had that God exists."[29]
The September 1997 issue of George centered on temptation, and featured two of Kennedy's cousins, Michael LeMoyne Kennedy and Joseph P. Kennedy II. Michael had been accused of having an affair with his children's underaged babysitter, while Joe had been accused by his ex-wife of having bullied her. John declared that both his cousins had become "poster boys for bad behaviour" - believed to be the first time a member of the Kennedy family had publicly attacked another Kennedy. He said he was trying to show that press coverage of the pair was unfair, due to them being Kennedys.[34] But Joe paraphrased John's father by stating, "Ask not what you can do for your cousin, but what you can do for his magazine."[35]
Magazine decline[edit]
By early 1997, Kennedy and Berman found themselves locked in a power struggle, which led to screaming matches, slammed doors, and even one physical altercation. Eventually Berman sold his share of the company, and Kennedy took on Berman's responsibilities himself. Though the magazine had already begun to decline in popularity before Berman left, his departure was followed by a rapid drop in sales.[36]
David Pecker, CEO of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines, who were partners in George, said that this was because Kennedy refused to "take risks as an editor, despite the fact that he was an extraordinary risk taker in other areas of his life." Pecker said, "He understood that the target audience for George was the eighteen-to-thirty-four-year-old demographic, yet he would routinely turn down interviews that would appeal to this age group, like Princess Diana or John Gotti, Jr., to interview subjects like Dan Rostenkowski or Vo Nguyen Giap."[36] Shortly before his death, Kennedy had been planning a series of online chats with the 2000 presidential candidates. Microsoft was to provide the technology and pay for it while receiving advertising in George.[37] After his death, the magazine was bought out by Hachette,[38] but folded in early 2001.[39]
Family activity[edit]




Photograph of a June 24, 1985 reception for the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation held at Senator Ted Kennedy's McLean, Virginia residence. Photographed are (from left to right) Ted Kennedy, President Ronald Reagan, First Lady Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Ethel Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Kennedy addressed the 1988 Democratic National Convention, introducing his uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy. He invoked his father's inaugural address, calling "a generation to public service", and received a two-minute standing ovation.[40] Republican consultant Richard Viguerie said he did not remember a word of the speech, but remembered "a good delivery" and added, "I think it was a plus for the Democrats and the boy. He is strikingly handsome."[41]
Kennedy participated in his cousin Patrick J. Kennedy's campaign for a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives by visiting the district.[42] He sat outside the polling booth and had his picture taken with "would-be" voters. The polaroid ploy worked so well in the campaign that Patrick J. Kennedy used it again in 1994.
Relationships[edit]
While attending Brown University, Kennedy met Sally Munro, whom he dated for six years, and they visited India in 1983. Also while at Brown, he met Brooke Shields,[43] with whom he was later linked.
Kennedy also dated models Cindy Crawford and Julie Baker, as well as actress Sarah Jessica Parker,[44] who said she enjoyed dating Kennedy but realized he "was a public domain kind of a guy." Parker claimed to have no idea what "real fame" was until dating Kennedy and felt that she should "apologize for dating him" since it became the "defining factor in the person" she was.[45]
Kennedy had known actress Daryl Hannah since their two families had vacationed together in St. Maarten in the early '80s. After meeting again at the wedding of his aunt Lee Radziwill in 1988, they dated for five and a half years, though their relationship was complicated by her feelings for singer Jackson Browne, with whom she had lived for a time.
Also during this time Kennedy dated Christina Haag. They knew each other as children and also attended Brown University.
Marriage[edit]
After his relationship with Daryl Hannah ended, Kennedy cohabitated with Carolyn Bessette, who worked in the fashion industry and was the youngest daughter of William J. Bessette and Ann Messina Freeman. They were engaged for a year, though Kennedy consistently denied reports of this. They married in a secret ceremony on September 21, 1996, on Cumberland Island, Georgia,[46] where his sister, Caroline, was matron of honor and his cousin Anthony Radziwill was best man.[47]
The next day, Kennedy's cousin Patrick revealed that the pair had married. When they returned to their Manhattan home, there were a mass of reporters on the doorstep. One of them asked Kennedy if he had enjoyed his honeymoon, to which he responded "Very much." He added "Getting married is a big adjustment for us, and for a private citizen like Carolyn even more so. I ask you to give her all the privacy and room you can."[48]
But Carolyn was, in fact, badly disoriented by the constant attention from the paparazzi. The couple was permanently on show, both at fashionable Manhattan events, and on their travels to visit celebrities such as Mariuccia Mandelli and Gianni Versace.[49] She also complained to her friend, journalist Jonathan Soroff, that she could not get a job without being accused of exploiting her fame.[50]
Flying history[edit]
Kennedy began taking flying lessons at the Flight Safety Academy in Vero Beach, Florida.[34] In April 1998, he received his pilot's license, which he had dreamed about since he was a child.[28]
The death of his cousin Michael in a skiing accident brought about a change in Kennedy, making death "just seem closer and closer."[51] Kennedy felt so distressed that he took a hiatus from his piloting lessons at Flight Safety International in Florida for three months. His sister, Caroline, had hoped his decision to stop taking piloting lessons would be permanent, but when he resumed, she resigned herself to the "fact that she could do little to stop him."[52]
Death[edit]
Main article: John F. Kennedy Jr. plane crash
On July 16, 1999, Kennedy departed from Fairfield, New Jersey, at the controls of his Piper Saratoga light aircraft, carrying his wife, Carolyn, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette, to attend the wedding of his cousin Rory Kennedy at Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. He had purchased the plane on April 28, 1999, from Air Bound Aviation.[53] Carolyn and Lauren were sitting in the second row of seats.[54] Kennedy had checked in with the control tower at the Martha's Vineyard Airport but, when the plane failed to arrive, it was reported missing.[55]
Officials were not optimistic about finding survivors after aircraft debris and a black suitcase belonging to Bessette were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean.[56] President Bill Clinton gave his support to the Kennedy family during the search for the three ill-fated passengers.[56]
On July 18, a Coast Guard admiral declared an end to hope that Kennedy, his wife and her sister could be found alive.[57] On July 19, the fragments of Kennedy's plane were found by the NOAA vessel Rude using side-scan sonar. The next day, Navy divers descended into the 62 °F (17 °C) water. The divers found part of the shattered plane strewn over a broad area of seabed 120 feet (37 m) below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.[58] The search ended in the late afternoon of July 21, when the three bodies were recovered from the ocean floor by Navy divers and taken by motorcade to the county medical examiner's office.[59] The discovery was made from high-resolution images of the ocean bottom.[60] Divers found Carolyn and Lauren's bodies near the twisted and broken fuselage while Kennedy's body was still strapped into the pilot's seat.[55] Admiral Richard M. Larrabee of the Coast Guard said that all three bodies were "near and under" the fuselage, still strapped in.[61]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the probable cause of the crash was pilot error: "Kennedy's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night, which was a result of spatial disorientation."[62]
On the evening of July 21, autopsies at the county medical examiner's office revealed that the crash victims had died upon impact. At the same time, the Kennedy and Bessette families announced their plans for memorial services.[59] On July 21, the three bodies were taken from Hyannis to Duxbury, where they were cremated in the Mayflower Cemetery crematorium.[63] Ted Kennedy favored a public service for John while Caroline Kennedy insisted on family privacy.[64] On the morning of July 22, their ashes were scattered at sea from the Navy destroyer USS Briscoe off the coast of Martha's Vineyard.[65]
A memorial service was held for Kennedy on July 23, 1999 at the Church of St. Thomas More, a church Kennedy had often attended with his mother and sister. The invitation-only service was attended by hundreds of mourners, including President Bill Clinton, who presented the family with photo albums of John and Carolyn on their visit to the White House from the previous year.[66]
Kennedy's last will and testament stipulated that his personal belongings, property, and holdings were to be "evenly distributed" among his sister Caroline Kennedy's three children, who were among fourteen beneficiaries in his will.[55]
Legacy[edit]
John F. Kennedy Jr. was the first child ever born to a President-elect of the United States. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John Jr.'s father on November 22, 1963, the New York Daily News re-ran the famous photograph of the three-year-old Kennedy saluting his father's coffin. Photographer Dan Farrell, who took the photo, called it "the saddest thing I've ever seen in my whole life".[67]
In 2000, Reaching Up, the organization which Kennedy founded in 1989, joined with The City University of New York to establish the John F. Kennedy, Jr. Institute.[68] On September 19, 2003, the ARCO Forum at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government was renamed to the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum of Public Affairs. An active participant in Forum events, Kennedy had also been a member of the IOP's Senior Advisory Committee for fifteen years. Kennedy's uncle Senator Ted Kennedy said the renaming would symbolically link Kennedy and his father while his sister, Caroline, stated the renaming represented his love of discussing politics.[69]
See also[edit]

Kennedy Curse
America's Prince: The John F. Kennedy Jr. Story

References[edit]


^ Kennedy Year in Review Archived 2006-05-13 at the Wayback Machine. CNN.
^ Lucas, Dean (2007-07-22). "Famous Pictures Magazine – JFK Jr salutes JFK". Famous Pictures Magazine. Retrieved 2013-05-21. 
^ Leamer, p. 1.
^ a b Heymann, pp. 145–146.
^ Leigh, pp. 236-237.
^ Landau, p. 78.
^ Landau, p. 82.
^ Robert T. Littell, The Men We Became: My Friendship With John F. Kennedy, Jr. (St. Martin's Press 2004), passim.
^ Seely, Katherine (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir to a Formidable Dynasty". The New York Times. Retrieved November 8, 2009. 
^ Davis, p. 690.
^ Shane, Scott (July 18, 1999). "A life lived in celebrity". Baltimore Sun. 
^ Leigh, pp. 195–196.
^ Leigh, p. 137.
^ Landau, p. 77.
^ Leigh, p. 235.
^ Leigh, p. 251.
^ a b Gross, Michael (March 20, 1989). "Favorite Son". New York Magazine. 
^ a b Bly, p. 279.
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 323. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Blow, Richard; Bradley, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Macmillan. p. 17. ISBN 0-312-98899-0. 
^ "JOHN KENNEDY JR. FAILS BAR EXAM 2ND TIME; SAYS HE'LL TAKE IT AGAIN". Desert News. May 1, 1990. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Jr. Passes Bar Exam". Los Angeles Times. November 4, 1990. 
^ Spoto, Donald (2000). Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis: A Life. Macmillan. p. 330. ISBN 0-312-97707-7. 
^ Sullivan, Ronald (August 30, 1991). "Prosecutor Kennedy Wins First Trial, Easily". The New York Times. 
^ Andersen, Christopher (2014). The Good Son: JFK Jr. and the Mother He Loved. Gallery Books. pp. 266–267. ISBN 978-1476775562. 
^ "Book: JFK. Jr's Death Foretold". ABC News. July 11, 2000. 
^ a b A&E Biography
^ a b Landau, p. 117.
^ a b Sumner, David E. (2010). The Magazine Century: American Magazines Since 1900. Peter Lang International Academic Publishers. p. 201. ISBN 978-1433104930. 
^ a b Landau, pp. 100-102.
^ Coulter, pp. 317-318.
^ Landau, p. 99.
^ Blow, pp. 174-175.
^ a b Andersen, p. 316.
^ Leigh, pp. 322-323.
^ a b Heymann, p. 438.
^ Blow, p. 274.
^ Bercovici, Jeff (2001). "Hachette delivers death ax to George" Archived 2007-09-30 at the Wayback Machine.. Media Life Magazine.
^ "Reliable Sources: 'George' Folds". CNN. January 6, 2001.
^ Selye, Katherine Q. (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir To a Formidable Dynasty". New York Times. 
^ Wadler, Joyce (September 12, 1988). "The Sexiest Kennedy". 
^ Bly, p. 297.
^ O'Neill, Liisa (May 25, 2009). "Actress and former model Brooke Shields reveals that she didn't lose her virginity until she was 22". New York Daily News. 
^ Landau, pp. 94-95.
^ Specter, Michael (September 20, 1992). "FILM; Bimbo? Sarah Jessica Parker Begs to Differ". New York Times. 
^ Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Twenty-First Century Books. p. 117. ISBN 0-7613-1857-7. 
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 458. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Heymann, p. 463.
^ Heymann, p. 447.
^ Heymann, pp. 472-473.
^ Blow, p. 301.
^ Heymann, p. 478-479.
^ Heymann, p. 32.
^ Heymann, p. 36.
^ a b c Heymann, p. 499.
^ a b Grunwald, Michael (July 18, 1999). "JFK Jr. Feared Dead in Plane Crash". Washington Post. 
^ Gellman, Barton (July 19, 1999). "No Hope of Survivors, Admiral Tells Families". Washington Post. 
^ Klein, p. 222.
^ a b "Crash and Search Time Line". The Washington Post. July 22, 1999. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ "Divers Found Bodies". Chicago Tribune. July 22, 1999. 
^ Allen, Mike (July 22, 1999). "Bodies From Kennedy Crash Are Found". New York Times. 
^ "NTSB report NYC99MA178". 
^ Maxwell, Paula (July 28, 1999). "Kennedy cremated in Duxbury" (PDF). Duxbury Clipper. Duxbury. MA. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ Landau, p. 20.
^ Gellman, Barton; Ferdinand, Pamela (1999-07-23). "Kennedy, Bessettes Given Shipboard Rites". Washington Post. pp. A1. Retrieved 2008-05-22. 
^ Landau, p. 23.
^ "Daily News' iconic photo of JFK Jr.'s salute to dad's coffin still haunts". New York Daily News. November 17, 2013. 
^ "JFK, JR. INSTITUTE FOR WORKER EDUCATION". 
^ Kicenuik, Kimberly A. (September 22, 2003). "ARCO Forum at IOP Renamed In Honor of John F. Kennedy Jr.". The Harvard Crimson. 


Works cited[edit]

Blow, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. St. Martin's Paperbacks. ISBN 978-0312988999. 
Bly, Nellie (1996). The Kennedy Men: Three Generations of Sex, Scandal and Secrets. Kensington. ISBN 978-1575661063. 
Coulter, Ann (2004). How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must): The World According to Ann Coulter. Crown Forum. ISBN 1400054184. 
Davis, John H. (1993). The Kennedys: Dynasty and Disaster. S.P.I. Books. ISBN 978-1561710607. 
Heymann, C. David (2008). American Legacy: The Story of John and Caroline Kennedy. Atria Books. ISBN 0743497392. 
Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Millbrook Press. ISBN 978-0761318576. 
Leamer, Laurence (2005). Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty. William Morrow Paperbacks. ISBN 0060559020. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John F. Kennedy, Jr..



John F. Kennedy Jr. on IMDb
FBI file on John F. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy Jr. at Find a Grave







v
t
e


John F. Kennedy






35th President of the United States (1961–1963)
U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1953–1960)
U.S. Representative for MA-11 (1947–1953)





Presidency
(timeline)



Presidential Office: Inauguration
Cabinet
Judicial appointments

Supreme Court


Presidential pardons


Domestic policy: Clean Air Act
Communications Satellite Act
Community Mental Health Act
Equal Pay Act
Federal affirmative action
Federal housing segregation ban
Fifty-mile hikes
Food for Peace
New Frontier
Pilot Food Stamp Program
Space policy
Status of Women (Presidential Commission)
University of Alabama integration
Voter Education Project


Foreign policy: Alliance for Progress
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty


Flexible response
Kennedy Doctrine
Peace Corps
Trade Expansion Act
USAID
Vietnam War
Cuba: Bay of Pigs Invasion
Cuban Project
Cuban Missile Crisis

ExComm


Soviet Union: Berlin Crisis
Moscow–Washington hotline
Vienna summit


White House: Presidential limousine
Presidential yacht
Resolute desk
Situation Room





Presidential
speeches



Inaugural address
American University speech
"We choose to go to the Moon"
Civil Rights Address
"Ich bin ein Berliner"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"





Elections



U.S. States House of Representatives elections, 1946
1948
1950
U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts, 1952
1958
1960 Presidential primaries
1960 Presidential campaign
Democratic National Convention 1956
1960
U.S. presidential election, 1960

debates







Personal life



Birthplace and childhood home
Kennedy Compound
US Navy service PT-109

Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana
Arthur Evans
PT-59
Castle Hot Springs


Hammersmith Farm
Coretta Scott King phone call
Rocking chair
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"





Books
authored



Why England Slept (1940)
Profiles in Courage (1956)
A Nation of Immigrants (1958)





Death



Assassination

timeline
reactions
in popular culture


State funeral

Riderless horse
attending dignitaries


Gravesite and Eternal Flame





Legacy



John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum (Boston)
1964 Civil Rights Act
Apollo 11 Moon landing
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Kennedy Space Center (Florida)
Kennedy Round
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
VISTA
Cultural depictions

films
Kennedy half dollar
U.S. postage stamps
U.S. five cent stamp
Lincoln–Kennedy coincidences


Operation Sail





Memorials,
namesakes



Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington DC)
JK College (Mauritius)
Kennedy Expressway (Chicago)
JFK International Airport (New York)
JFK Memorial (Dallas)
JFK Memorial Bridge (Kentucky–Indiana)
JFK School of Government (Harvard Univ.)
JFK Special Warfare Center and School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina)
JFK University (California)
JFK Memorial (Runnymede, Britain)
Yad Kennedy (Jerusalem)
USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)
USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79)
MV John F. Kennedy





Family



Jacqueline Bouvier (wife)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy Jr.

son
plane crash


Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (father)
Rose Fitzgerald (mother)
Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (brother)
Rosemary Kennedy (sister)
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (sister)
Eunice Kennedy Shriver (sister)
Patricia Kennedy Lawford (sister)
Robert F. Kennedy (brother)
Jean Kennedy Smith (sister)
Ted Kennedy (brother)
P. J. Kennedy (grandfather)
John F. Fitzgerald (grandfather)








← Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lyndon B. Johnson →


 Category












v
t
e


Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis



Family



John F. Kennedy (first husband, presidency)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy, Jr. (son)
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Aristotle Onassis (second husband)
Janet Lee Bouvier (mother)
John Vernou Bouvier III (father)
Lee Radziwill (sister)
Hugh D. Auchincloss (stepfather)
Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd (half-sister)
Edith Ewing Bouvier (aunt)










Life events



Hammersmith Farm
Kennedy Compound
First Lady of the United States

White House restoration
Televised White House tour
White House Historical Association
White House Curator
Committee for the Preservation of the White House
Resolute desk


Assassination of John F. Kennedy
State funeral of John F. Kennedy
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Eternal Flame and burial site





Fashion



Wedding dress of Jacqueline Bouvier
The bouffant hairstyle
Pillbox hat
Pink Chanel suit





Honors and
memorials



Jacqueline Kennedy Garden
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School ballet





Other



Cultural depictions
Jackie O (1997 opera)
Jackie (2016 film)












v
t
e


Kennedy family



I.




Patrick Kennedy (c. 1823 – 1858)



Patrick Joseph 'P. J.' Kennedy








II.




P. J. Kennedy (1858–1929)



Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.








III.




Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (1888–1969)
Rose Kennedy (1890–1995)



Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy (m.) Jacqueline Bouvier
Rosemary Kennedy
Kathleen Kennedy (m.) William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington
Eunice Kennedy (m.) Sargent Shriver
Patricia Kennedy (m./div.) Peter Lawford
Robert F. Kennedy (m.) Ethel Kennedy
Jean Kennedy (m.) Stephen Edward Smith
Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy (m./div. 1st) Joan Bennett; (m. 2nd) Victoria Reggie








IV.




John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917–1963)



Caroline Kennedy (m.) Edwin Schlossberg
John F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Carolyn Bessette
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy





Eunice Kennedy Shriver (1921–2009)



Bobby Shriver
Maria Shriver (m./sep.) Arnold Schwarzenegger
Timothy Shriver
Mark Shriver
Anthony Shriver





Patricia Kennedy Lawford (1924–2006)



Christopher Lawford





Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968)



Kathleen Kennedy Townsend
Joseph P. Kennedy II
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Cheryl Hines
David A. Kennedy
Courtney Kennedy Hill
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
Kerry Kennedy (m./div.) Andrew Cuomo
Christopher G. Kennedy
Max Kennedy
Douglas Harriman Kennedy
Rory Kennedy





Jean Kennedy Smith (born 1928)



William Kennedy Smith





Ted Kennedy (1932–2009)



Kara Kennedy
Edward M. Kennedy Jr.
Patrick J. Kennedy








VI.



Rose Schlossberg
Jack Schlossberg
Katherine Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger
Joseph P. Kennedy III





Related topics



Hickory Hill
Kennedy Compound
Kennedy curse
Merchandise Mart
The Kennedys (museum)





Category

Kennedy family




m. = married; div. = divorced; sep. = separated.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 73930660
LCCN: n93067737
ISNI: 0000 0000 3211 7044
GND: 119187752
SUDOC: 032684444
BNF: cb12366658m (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_F._Kennedy_Jr.&oldid=791314122"					
Categories: 1960 births1999 deathsAccidental deaths in MassachusettsAmerican magazine foundersAmerican magazine publishers (people)American socialitesAviators from New YorkAviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesBouvier familyBrown University alumniChildren of Presidents of the United StatesKennedy familyNew York lawyersNew York University School of Law alumniPeople from the Upper East SidePhillips Academy alumniCollegiate School (New York) alumniWriters from New York CityWriters from Washington, D.C.20th-century American lawyersVictims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 12:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John F. Kennedy Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






John F. Kennedy Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John-John" and "John Kennedy Jr." redirect here. For people named John John, see John John. For other people named John Kennedy Jr., see John Kennedy (disambiguation).


John F. Kennedy Jr.



Kennedy greets invited guests at the HBO
and Imagine Entertainment premiere held
at the Kennedy Space Center in 1998.



Born
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
(1960-11-25)November 25, 1960
Washington, D.C., U.S.


Died
July 16, 1999(1999-07-16) (aged 38)
Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, U.S.


Cause of death
Plane crash


Alma mater
Brown University (A.B.)
New York University (J.D.)


Occupation
Journalist, lawyer, magazine publisher


Spouse(s)
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy
(m. 1996)


Parent(s)
John F. Kennedy
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


Relatives
See Kennedy family


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy. His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
From his early childhood years at the White House and beyond, Kennedy was the subject of great media scrutiny, and he became a popular social figure of Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, Kennedy worked as a New York City Assistant District Attorney for almost four years. In 1995, he launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Mother's remarriage


2 Career

2.1 Acting


3 George magazine

3.1 Magazine decline
3.2 Family activity
3.3 Relationships
3.4 Marriage


4 Flying history
5 Death
6 Legacy
7 See also
8 References

8.1 Works cited


9 External links



Early life and education[edit]




JFK Jr. with his father at the White House at age two.


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born at Georgetown University Hospital on November 25, 1960, two weeks after his father was elected president. His parents had a stillborn daughter named Arabella four years before John Jr.'s birth. John Jr. had an older sister, Caroline, and an infant brother, Patrick, who died two days after his premature birth in 1963. His putative nickname, "John-John", came from a reporter who misheard JFK calling him "John" twice in quick succession; the name was not used by his family.[1]
John Jr. lived in the White House during the first three years of his life, and later remained in the public spotlight up until his death. His father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, and the state funeral was held three days later on John Jr.'s third birthday. In a moment that became an iconic image of the 1960s, John Jr. stepped forward and rendered a final salute as his father's flag-draped casket was carried out from St. Matthew's Cathedral.[2] The family continued with their plans for a birthday party, to demonstrate that the Kennedys would go on despite the death of their father.[3]
Kennedy attended private schools in New York City, starting at Saint David's School and moving to Collegiate School, which he attended from third through tenth grade,[4] and completed high school at Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating, he went to Brown University where he majored in American studies.[5] There, he co-founded a student discussion group that focused on contemporary issues such as apartheid in South Africa, gun control, and civil rights. Visiting South Africa during a summer break, he was appalled by apartheid, and arranged for U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young to speak about the topic at Brown.[6]
By his junior year at Brown, he had moved off campus to live with several other students in a shared house,[7] and spent time at Xenon, a club owned by Howard Stein. Kennedy was initiated into Phi Psi, a local social fraternity which had been the Rhode Island Alpha Chapter of national Phi Kappa Psi fraternity until 1978.[8] He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in American studies, and then took a working break, traveling to India and spending some time at the University of Delhi, where he met Mother Teresa. He also worked with some of the Kennedy special interest projects, including the East Harlem School at Exodus House and Reaching Up.
Mother's remarriage[edit]
Following his father's assassination, Kennedy moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City with his mother and sister, where he grew up. In 1967, his mother took him and his sister Caroline on a six-week "sentimental journey" to Ireland, where they met President Éamon de Valera and visited the Kennedy ancestral home in Dunganstown.[4]
After his uncle Robert was assassinated in 1968, his mother took him and his sister out of the United States, saying: "If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets ... I want to get out of this country."[9] The same year, she married Greek shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis, and the family went to live on his private island of Skorpios. Kennedy is said to have considered his stepfather "a joke".[10]
In 1971, Kennedy returned to the White House with his mother and sister for the first time since the assassination. President Richard Nixon's daughters gave Kennedy a tour that included his old bedroom, and Nixon showed him the Resolute desk under which his father had let him play. When Onassis died in 1975, he left Kennedy $25,000, though Jacqueline was able to renegotiate the will, and acquired $20 million for herself and her children.[11]
In 1976, Kennedy and his cousin visited an earthquake disaster zone at Rabinal in Guatemala, helping with heavy building work and distributing food. The local priest said that they "ate what the people of Rabinal ate and dressed in Guatemalan clothes and slept in tents like most of the earthquake victims", adding that the two "did more for their country's image" in Guatemala "than a roomful of ambassadors".[12] On his sixteenth birthday, Kennedy's Secret Service protection ended.[13] He spent the summer of 1978 working as a wrangler in Wyoming.[14]
Before attending Brown University, Kennedy accompanied his mother to Africa. On a pioneering course, he rescued his group, which had got lost for two days without food or water, and won points for leadership.[15] In 1979, the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum was dedicated, and Kennedy made his first major speech, reciting Stephen Spender's poem "I Think Continually of Those Who Were Truly Great".[16]
Career[edit]
After the 1984 Democratic Convention in San Francisco, Kennedy returned to New York and earned $20,000 a year in a position at the Office of Business Development, where his boss reflected that he worked "in the same crummy cubbyhole as everybody else. I heaped on the work and was always pleased."[17] From 1984 to 1986, he worked for the New York City Office of Business Development and served as deputy director of the 42nd Street Development Corporation in 1986,[18] conducting negotiations with developers and city agencies. In 1988, he became a summer associate at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips, a Los Angeles law firm with strong connections to the Democratic Party. There, Kennedy worked for Charlie Manatt, his uncle Ted Kennedy's law school roommate.[17]
From 1989, Kennedy headed Reaching Up, a nonprofit group which provided educational and other opportunities for workers who helped people with disabilities. William Ebenstein, executive director of Reaching Up, said, "He was always concerned with the working poor, and his family always had an interest in helping them."
In 1989, Kennedy earned a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.[19] He then failed the New York bar exam twice, before passing on his third try in July 1990.[20] Kennedy vowed, after failing it for the second time, that he would take it continuously until he was ninety-five years old or passed,[21] though if he had failed a third time, he would have been out as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office, where he worked for the next four years.[22][23] On August 29, 1991, Kennedy won his first prosecution.[24]
In summer 1992, he worked as a journalist and was commissioned by The New York Times to write an article about his kayaking expedition to the Aland Archipelago, where he saved one of his friends from the water when his kayak capsized.[25] He then considered creating a magazine with his friend, public-relations magnate Michael J. Berman – a plan which his mother thought too risky. In his 2001 book The Day John Died, Christopher Andersen wrote that Jacqueline had also worried that her son would die in a plane crash, and asked longtime-companion Maurice Tempelsman "to do whatever it took to keep John from becoming a pilot".[26]
Acting[edit]
Meanwhile, he had done a bit of acting, which was one of his passions (he had appeared in many plays while at Brown). He expressed interest in acting as a career, but his mother strongly disapproved of it, as an unsuitable profession.[27] On August 4, 1985, Kennedy made his New York acting debut in front of an invitation-only audience at the Irish Theater on Manhattan's West Side. Executive director of the Irish Arts Center, Nye Heron, said that Kennedy was "one of the best young actors I've seen in years".[18] Kennedy's director, Robin Saex, stated, "He has an earnestness that just shines through." Kennedy's largest acting role was playing a fictionalized version of himself in the season-eight episode of sitcom Murphy Brown, called "Altered States". In this episode, Kennedy visits Brown at her office, in order to promote a magazine he is publishing.
George magazine[edit]
In 1995, Kennedy and Michael Berman founded George, a glossy, politics-as-lifestyle and fashion monthly, with Kennedy controlling 50 percent of the shares.[27] Kennedy officially launched the magazine at a news conference in Manhattan on September 8, and joked that he had not seen so many reporters in one place since he failed his first bar exam.[28]
Each issue of the magazine contained an editor's column and interviews written by Kennedy,[29] who believed they could make politics "accessible by covering it in an entertaining and compelling way" which would allow "popular interest and involvement" to follow.[30] Kennedy did interviews with Louis Farrakhan, Billy Graham, Garth Brooks, and others.[30]
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter wrote in a column that George was "truly a political magazine, not a Democratic magazine". Coulter claimed that Kennedy had admired an article she wrote attacking a congressman, and she also claimed that in one of their last conversations, Kennedy mocked one of the magazine's liberal columnists for being a "predictable bore" despite a lack of recorded proof.[31]
The first issue was criticized for its image of Cindy Crawford posing as George Washington in a powdered wig and ruffled shirt. In defense of the cover, Kennedy stated that "political magazines should look like Mirabella."[32]
In July 1997, Vanity Fair had published a profile of Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani claiming that the mayor was sleeping with his press secretary (which both parties denied). Although tempted to follow up on this story, Kennedy decided against it.[33] The same month, Kennedy wrote about meeting Mother Teresa, declaring that the "three days I spent in her presence was the strongest evidence this struggling Catholic has ever had that God exists."[29]
The September 1997 issue of George centered on temptation, and featured two of Kennedy's cousins, Michael LeMoyne Kennedy and Joseph P. Kennedy II. Michael had been accused of having an affair with his children's underaged babysitter, while Joe had been accused by his ex-wife of having bullied her. John declared that both his cousins had become "poster boys for bad behaviour" - believed to be the first time a member of the Kennedy family had publicly attacked another Kennedy. He said he was trying to show that press coverage of the pair was unfair, due to them being Kennedys.[34] But Joe paraphrased John's father by stating, "Ask not what you can do for your cousin, but what you can do for his magazine."[35]
Magazine decline[edit]
By early 1997, Kennedy and Berman found themselves locked in a power struggle, which led to screaming matches, slammed doors, and even one physical altercation. Eventually Berman sold his share of the company, and Kennedy took on Berman's responsibilities himself. Though the magazine had already begun to decline in popularity before Berman left, his departure was followed by a rapid drop in sales.[36]
David Pecker, CEO of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines, who were partners in George, said that this was because Kennedy refused to "take risks as an editor, despite the fact that he was an extraordinary risk taker in other areas of his life." Pecker said, "He understood that the target audience for George was the eighteen-to-thirty-four-year-old demographic, yet he would routinely turn down interviews that would appeal to this age group, like Princess Diana or John Gotti, Jr., to interview subjects like Dan Rostenkowski or Vo Nguyen Giap."[36] Shortly before his death, Kennedy had been planning a series of online chats with the 2000 presidential candidates. Microsoft was to provide the technology and pay for it while receiving advertising in George.[37] After his death, the magazine was bought out by Hachette,[38] but folded in early 2001.[39]
Family activity[edit]




Photograph of a June 24, 1985 reception for the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation held at Senator Ted Kennedy's McLean, Virginia residence. Photographed are (from left to right) Ted Kennedy, President Ronald Reagan, First Lady Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Ethel Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Kennedy addressed the 1988 Democratic National Convention, introducing his uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy. He invoked his father's inaugural address, calling "a generation to public service", and received a two-minute standing ovation.[40] Republican consultant Richard Viguerie said he did not remember a word of the speech, but remembered "a good delivery" and added, "I think it was a plus for the Democrats and the boy. He is strikingly handsome."[41]
Kennedy participated in his cousin Patrick J. Kennedy's campaign for a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives by visiting the district.[42] He sat outside the polling booth and had his picture taken with "would-be" voters. The polaroid ploy worked so well in the campaign that Patrick J. Kennedy used it again in 1994.
Relationships[edit]
While attending Brown University, Kennedy met Sally Munro, whom he dated for six years, and they visited India in 1983. Also while at Brown, he met Brooke Shields,[43] with whom he was later linked.
Kennedy also dated models Cindy Crawford and Julie Baker, as well as actress Sarah Jessica Parker,[44] who said she enjoyed dating Kennedy but realized he "was a public domain kind of a guy." Parker claimed to have no idea what "real fame" was until dating Kennedy and felt that she should "apologize for dating him" since it became the "defining factor in the person" she was.[45]
Kennedy had known actress Daryl Hannah since their two families had vacationed together in St. Maarten in the early '80s. After meeting again at the wedding of his aunt Lee Radziwill in 1988, they dated for five and a half years, though their relationship was complicated by her feelings for singer Jackson Browne, with whom she had lived for a time.
Also during this time Kennedy dated Christina Haag. They knew each other as children and also attended Brown University.
Marriage[edit]
After his relationship with Daryl Hannah ended, Kennedy cohabitated with Carolyn Bessette, who worked in the fashion industry and was the youngest daughter of William J. Bessette and Ann Messina Freeman. They were engaged for a year, though Kennedy consistently denied reports of this. They married in a secret ceremony on September 21, 1996, on Cumberland Island, Georgia,[46] where his sister, Caroline, was matron of honor and his cousin Anthony Radziwill was best man.[47]
The next day, Kennedy's cousin Patrick revealed that the pair had married. When they returned to their Manhattan home, there were a mass of reporters on the doorstep. One of them asked Kennedy if he had enjoyed his honeymoon, to which he responded "Very much." He added "Getting married is a big adjustment for us, and for a private citizen like Carolyn even more so. I ask you to give her all the privacy and room you can."[48]
But Carolyn was, in fact, badly disoriented by the constant attention from the paparazzi. The couple was permanently on show, both at fashionable Manhattan events, and on their travels to visit celebrities such as Mariuccia Mandelli and Gianni Versace.[49] She also complained to her friend, journalist Jonathan Soroff, that she could not get a job without being accused of exploiting her fame.[50]
Flying history[edit]
Kennedy began taking flying lessons at the Flight Safety Academy in Vero Beach, Florida.[34] In April 1998, he received his pilot's license, which he had dreamed about since he was a child.[28]
The death of his cousin Michael in a skiing accident brought about a change in Kennedy, making death "just seem closer and closer."[51] Kennedy felt so distressed that he took a hiatus from his piloting lessons at Flight Safety International in Florida for three months. His sister, Caroline, had hoped his decision to stop taking piloting lessons would be permanent, but when he resumed, she resigned herself to the "fact that she could do little to stop him."[52]
Death[edit]
Main article: John F. Kennedy Jr. plane crash
On July 16, 1999, Kennedy departed from Fairfield, New Jersey, at the controls of his Piper Saratoga light aircraft, carrying his wife, Carolyn, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette, to attend the wedding of his cousin Rory Kennedy at Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. He had purchased the plane on April 28, 1999, from Air Bound Aviation.[53] Carolyn and Lauren were sitting in the second row of seats.[54] Kennedy had checked in with the control tower at the Martha's Vineyard Airport but, when the plane failed to arrive, it was reported missing.[55]
Officials were not optimistic about finding survivors after aircraft debris and a black suitcase belonging to Bessette were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean.[56] President Bill Clinton gave his support to the Kennedy family during the search for the three ill-fated passengers.[56]
On July 18, a Coast Guard admiral declared an end to hope that Kennedy, his wife and her sister could be found alive.[57] On July 19, the fragments of Kennedy's plane were found by the NOAA vessel Rude using side-scan sonar. The next day, Navy divers descended into the 62 °F (17 °C) water. The divers found part of the shattered plane strewn over a broad area of seabed 120 feet (37 m) below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.[58] The search ended in the late afternoon of July 21, when the three bodies were recovered from the ocean floor by Navy divers and taken by motorcade to the county medical examiner's office.[59] The discovery was made from high-resolution images of the ocean bottom.[60] Divers found Carolyn and Lauren's bodies near the twisted and broken fuselage while Kennedy's body was still strapped into the pilot's seat.[55] Admiral Richard M. Larrabee of the Coast Guard said that all three bodies were "near and under" the fuselage, still strapped in.[61]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the probable cause of the crash was pilot error: "Kennedy's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night, which was a result of spatial disorientation."[62]
On the evening of July 21, autopsies at the county medical examiner's office revealed that the crash victims had died upon impact. At the same time, the Kennedy and Bessette families announced their plans for memorial services.[59] On July 21, the three bodies were taken from Hyannis to Duxbury, where they were cremated in the Mayflower Cemetery crematorium.[63] Ted Kennedy favored a public service for John while Caroline Kennedy insisted on family privacy.[64] On the morning of July 22, their ashes were scattered at sea from the Navy destroyer USS Briscoe off the coast of Martha's Vineyard.[65]
A memorial service was held for Kennedy on July 23, 1999 at the Church of St. Thomas More, a church Kennedy had often attended with his mother and sister. The invitation-only service was attended by hundreds of mourners, including President Bill Clinton, who presented the family with photo albums of John and Carolyn on their visit to the White House from the previous year.[66]
Kennedy's last will and testament stipulated that his personal belongings, property, and holdings were to be "evenly distributed" among his sister Caroline Kennedy's three children, who were among fourteen beneficiaries in his will.[55]
Legacy[edit]
John F. Kennedy Jr. was the first child ever born to a President-elect of the United States. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John Jr.'s father on November 22, 1963, the New York Daily News re-ran the famous photograph of the three-year-old Kennedy saluting his father's coffin. Photographer Dan Farrell, who took the photo, called it "the saddest thing I've ever seen in my whole life".[67]
In 2000, Reaching Up, the organization which Kennedy founded in 1989, joined with The City University of New York to establish the John F. Kennedy, Jr. Institute.[68] On September 19, 2003, the ARCO Forum at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government was renamed to the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum of Public Affairs. An active participant in Forum events, Kennedy had also been a member of the IOP's Senior Advisory Committee for fifteen years. Kennedy's uncle Senator Ted Kennedy said the renaming would symbolically link Kennedy and his father while his sister, Caroline, stated the renaming represented his love of discussing politics.[69]
See also[edit]

Kennedy Curse
America's Prince: The John F. Kennedy Jr. Story

References[edit]


^ Kennedy Year in Review Archived 2006-05-13 at the Wayback Machine. CNN.
^ Lucas, Dean (2007-07-22). "Famous Pictures Magazine – JFK Jr salutes JFK". Famous Pictures Magazine. Retrieved 2013-05-21. 
^ Leamer, p. 1.
^ a b Heymann, pp. 145–146.
^ Leigh, pp. 236-237.
^ Landau, p. 78.
^ Landau, p. 82.
^ Robert T. Littell, The Men We Became: My Friendship With John F. Kennedy, Jr. (St. Martin's Press 2004), passim.
^ Seely, Katherine (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir to a Formidable Dynasty". The New York Times. Retrieved November 8, 2009. 
^ Davis, p. 690.
^ Shane, Scott (July 18, 1999). "A life lived in celebrity". Baltimore Sun. 
^ Leigh, pp. 195–196.
^ Leigh, p. 137.
^ Landau, p. 77.
^ Leigh, p. 235.
^ Leigh, p. 251.
^ a b Gross, Michael (March 20, 1989). "Favorite Son". New York Magazine. 
^ a b Bly, p. 279.
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 323. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Blow, Richard; Bradley, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Macmillan. p. 17. ISBN 0-312-98899-0. 
^ "JOHN KENNEDY JR. FAILS BAR EXAM 2ND TIME; SAYS HE'LL TAKE IT AGAIN". Desert News. May 1, 1990. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Jr. Passes Bar Exam". Los Angeles Times. November 4, 1990. 
^ Spoto, Donald (2000). Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis: A Life. Macmillan. p. 330. ISBN 0-312-97707-7. 
^ Sullivan, Ronald (August 30, 1991). "Prosecutor Kennedy Wins First Trial, Easily". The New York Times. 
^ Andersen, Christopher (2014). The Good Son: JFK Jr. and the Mother He Loved. Gallery Books. pp. 266–267. ISBN 978-1476775562. 
^ "Book: JFK. Jr's Death Foretold". ABC News. July 11, 2000. 
^ a b A&E Biography
^ a b Landau, p. 117.
^ a b Sumner, David E. (2010). The Magazine Century: American Magazines Since 1900. Peter Lang International Academic Publishers. p. 201. ISBN 978-1433104930. 
^ a b Landau, pp. 100-102.
^ Coulter, pp. 317-318.
^ Landau, p. 99.
^ Blow, pp. 174-175.
^ a b Andersen, p. 316.
^ Leigh, pp. 322-323.
^ a b Heymann, p. 438.
^ Blow, p. 274.
^ Bercovici, Jeff (2001). "Hachette delivers death ax to George" Archived 2007-09-30 at the Wayback Machine.. Media Life Magazine.
^ "Reliable Sources: 'George' Folds". CNN. January 6, 2001.
^ Selye, Katherine Q. (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir To a Formidable Dynasty". New York Times. 
^ Wadler, Joyce (September 12, 1988). "The Sexiest Kennedy". 
^ Bly, p. 297.
^ O'Neill, Liisa (May 25, 2009). "Actress and former model Brooke Shields reveals that she didn't lose her virginity until she was 22". New York Daily News. 
^ Landau, pp. 94-95.
^ Specter, Michael (September 20, 1992). "FILM; Bimbo? Sarah Jessica Parker Begs to Differ". New York Times. 
^ Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Twenty-First Century Books. p. 117. ISBN 0-7613-1857-7. 
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 458. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Heymann, p. 463.
^ Heymann, p. 447.
^ Heymann, pp. 472-473.
^ Blow, p. 301.
^ Heymann, p. 478-479.
^ Heymann, p. 32.
^ Heymann, p. 36.
^ a b c Heymann, p. 499.
^ a b Grunwald, Michael (July 18, 1999). "JFK Jr. Feared Dead in Plane Crash". Washington Post. 
^ Gellman, Barton (July 19, 1999). "No Hope of Survivors, Admiral Tells Families". Washington Post. 
^ Klein, p. 222.
^ a b "Crash and Search Time Line". The Washington Post. July 22, 1999. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ "Divers Found Bodies". Chicago Tribune. July 22, 1999. 
^ Allen, Mike (July 22, 1999). "Bodies From Kennedy Crash Are Found". New York Times. 
^ "NTSB report NYC99MA178". 
^ Maxwell, Paula (July 28, 1999). "Kennedy cremated in Duxbury" (PDF). Duxbury Clipper. Duxbury. MA. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ Landau, p. 20.
^ Gellman, Barton; Ferdinand, Pamela (1999-07-23). "Kennedy, Bessettes Given Shipboard Rites". Washington Post. pp. A1. Retrieved 2008-05-22. 
^ Landau, p. 23.
^ "Daily News' iconic photo of JFK Jr.'s salute to dad's coffin still haunts". New York Daily News. November 17, 2013. 
^ "JFK, JR. INSTITUTE FOR WORKER EDUCATION". 
^ Kicenuik, Kimberly A. (September 22, 2003). "ARCO Forum at IOP Renamed In Honor of John F. Kennedy Jr.". The Harvard Crimson. 


Works cited[edit]

Blow, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. St. Martin's Paperbacks. ISBN 978-0312988999. 
Bly, Nellie (1996). The Kennedy Men: Three Generations of Sex, Scandal and Secrets. Kensington. ISBN 978-1575661063. 
Coulter, Ann (2004). How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must): The World According to Ann Coulter. Crown Forum. ISBN 1400054184. 
Davis, John H. (1993). The Kennedys: Dynasty and Disaster. S.P.I. Books. ISBN 978-1561710607. 
Heymann, C. David (2008). American Legacy: The Story of John and Caroline Kennedy. Atria Books. ISBN 0743497392. 
Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Millbrook Press. ISBN 978-0761318576. 
Leamer, Laurence (2005). Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty. William Morrow Paperbacks. ISBN 0060559020. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John F. Kennedy, Jr..



John F. Kennedy Jr. on IMDb
FBI file on John F. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy Jr. at Find a Grave







v
t
e


John F. Kennedy






35th President of the United States (1961–1963)
U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1953–1960)
U.S. Representative for MA-11 (1947–1953)





Presidency
(timeline)



Presidential Office: Inauguration
Cabinet
Judicial appointments

Supreme Court


Presidential pardons


Domestic policy: Clean Air Act
Communications Satellite Act
Community Mental Health Act
Equal Pay Act
Federal affirmative action
Federal housing segregation ban
Fifty-mile hikes
Food for Peace
New Frontier
Pilot Food Stamp Program
Space policy
Status of Women (Presidential Commission)
University of Alabama integration
Voter Education Project


Foreign policy: Alliance for Progress
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty


Flexible response
Kennedy Doctrine
Peace Corps
Trade Expansion Act
USAID
Vietnam War
Cuba: Bay of Pigs Invasion
Cuban Project
Cuban Missile Crisis

ExComm


Soviet Union: Berlin Crisis
Moscow–Washington hotline
Vienna summit


White House: Presidential limousine
Presidential yacht
Resolute desk
Situation Room





Presidential
speeches



Inaugural address
American University speech
"We choose to go to the Moon"
Civil Rights Address
"Ich bin ein Berliner"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"





Elections



U.S. States House of Representatives elections, 1946
1948
1950
U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts, 1952
1958
1960 Presidential primaries
1960 Presidential campaign
Democratic National Convention 1956
1960
U.S. presidential election, 1960

debates







Personal life



Birthplace and childhood home
Kennedy Compound
US Navy service PT-109

Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana
Arthur Evans
PT-59
Castle Hot Springs


Hammersmith Farm
Coretta Scott King phone call
Rocking chair
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"





Books
authored



Why England Slept (1940)
Profiles in Courage (1956)
A Nation of Immigrants (1958)





Death



Assassination

timeline
reactions
in popular culture


State funeral

Riderless horse
attending dignitaries


Gravesite and Eternal Flame





Legacy



John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum (Boston)
1964 Civil Rights Act
Apollo 11 Moon landing
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Kennedy Space Center (Florida)
Kennedy Round
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
VISTA
Cultural depictions

films
Kennedy half dollar
U.S. postage stamps
U.S. five cent stamp
Lincoln–Kennedy coincidences


Operation Sail





Memorials,
namesakes



Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington DC)
JK College (Mauritius)
Kennedy Expressway (Chicago)
JFK International Airport (New York)
JFK Memorial (Dallas)
JFK Memorial Bridge (Kentucky–Indiana)
JFK School of Government (Harvard Univ.)
JFK Special Warfare Center and School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina)
JFK University (California)
JFK Memorial (Runnymede, Britain)
Yad Kennedy (Jerusalem)
USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)
USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79)
MV John F. Kennedy





Family



Jacqueline Bouvier (wife)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy Jr.

son
plane crash


Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (father)
Rose Fitzgerald (mother)
Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (brother)
Rosemary Kennedy (sister)
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (sister)
Eunice Kennedy Shriver (sister)
Patricia Kennedy Lawford (sister)
Robert F. Kennedy (brother)
Jean Kennedy Smith (sister)
Ted Kennedy (brother)
P. J. Kennedy (grandfather)
John F. Fitzgerald (grandfather)








← Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lyndon B. Johnson →


 Category












v
t
e


Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis



Family



John F. Kennedy (first husband, presidency)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy, Jr. (son)
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Aristotle Onassis (second husband)
Janet Lee Bouvier (mother)
John Vernou Bouvier III (father)
Lee Radziwill (sister)
Hugh D. Auchincloss (stepfather)
Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd (half-sister)
Edith Ewing Bouvier (aunt)










Life events



Hammersmith Farm
Kennedy Compound
First Lady of the United States

White House restoration
Televised White House tour
White House Historical Association
White House Curator
Committee for the Preservation of the White House
Resolute desk


Assassination of John F. Kennedy
State funeral of John F. Kennedy
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Eternal Flame and burial site





Fashion



Wedding dress of Jacqueline Bouvier
The bouffant hairstyle
Pillbox hat
Pink Chanel suit





Honors and
memorials



Jacqueline Kennedy Garden
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School ballet





Other



Cultural depictions
Jackie O (1997 opera)
Jackie (2016 film)












v
t
e


Kennedy family



I.




Patrick Kennedy (c. 1823 – 1858)



Patrick Joseph 'P. J.' Kennedy








II.




P. J. Kennedy (1858–1929)



Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.








III.




Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (1888–1969)
Rose Kennedy (1890–1995)



Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy (m.) Jacqueline Bouvier
Rosemary Kennedy
Kathleen Kennedy (m.) William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington
Eunice Kennedy (m.) Sargent Shriver
Patricia Kennedy (m./div.) Peter Lawford
Robert F. Kennedy (m.) Ethel Kennedy
Jean Kennedy (m.) Stephen Edward Smith
Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy (m./div. 1st) Joan Bennett; (m. 2nd) Victoria Reggie








IV.




John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917–1963)



Caroline Kennedy (m.) Edwin Schlossberg
John F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Carolyn Bessette
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy





Eunice Kennedy Shriver (1921–2009)



Bobby Shriver
Maria Shriver (m./sep.) Arnold Schwarzenegger
Timothy Shriver
Mark Shriver
Anthony Shriver





Patricia Kennedy Lawford (1924–2006)



Christopher Lawford





Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968)



Kathleen Kennedy Townsend
Joseph P. Kennedy II
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Cheryl Hines
David A. Kennedy
Courtney Kennedy Hill
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
Kerry Kennedy (m./div.) Andrew Cuomo
Christopher G. Kennedy
Max Kennedy
Douglas Harriman Kennedy
Rory Kennedy





Jean Kennedy Smith (born 1928)



William Kennedy Smith





Ted Kennedy (1932–2009)



Kara Kennedy
Edward M. Kennedy Jr.
Patrick J. Kennedy








VI.



Rose Schlossberg
Jack Schlossberg
Katherine Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger
Joseph P. Kennedy III





Related topics



Hickory Hill
Kennedy Compound
Kennedy curse
Merchandise Mart
The Kennedys (museum)





Category

Kennedy family




m. = married; div. = divorced; sep. = separated.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 73930660
LCCN: n93067737
ISNI: 0000 0000 3211 7044
GND: 119187752
SUDOC: 032684444
BNF: cb12366658m (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_F._Kennedy_Jr.&oldid=791314122"					
Categories: 1960 births1999 deathsAccidental deaths in MassachusettsAmerican magazine foundersAmerican magazine publishers (people)American socialitesAviators from New YorkAviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesBouvier familyBrown University alumniChildren of Presidents of the United StatesKennedy familyNew York lawyersNew York University School of Law alumniPeople from the Upper East SidePhillips Academy alumniCollegiate School (New York) alumniWriters from New York CityWriters from Washington, D.C.20th-century American lawyersVictims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 12:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John F. Kennedy Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






John F. Kennedy Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John-John" and "John Kennedy Jr." redirect here. For people named John John, see John John. For other people named John Kennedy Jr., see John Kennedy (disambiguation).


John F. Kennedy Jr.



Kennedy greets invited guests at the HBO
and Imagine Entertainment premiere held
at the Kennedy Space Center in 1998.



Born
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
(1960-11-25)November 25, 1960
Washington, D.C., U.S.


Died
July 16, 1999(1999-07-16) (aged 38)
Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, U.S.


Cause of death
Plane crash


Alma mater
Brown University (A.B.)
New York University (J.D.)


Occupation
Journalist, lawyer, magazine publisher


Spouse(s)
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy
(m. 1996)


Parent(s)
John F. Kennedy
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


Relatives
See Kennedy family


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy. His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
From his early childhood years at the White House and beyond, Kennedy was the subject of great media scrutiny, and he became a popular social figure of Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, Kennedy worked as a New York City Assistant District Attorney for almost four years. In 1995, he launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Mother's remarriage


2 Career

2.1 Acting


3 George magazine

3.1 Magazine decline
3.2 Family activity
3.3 Relationships
3.4 Marriage


4 Flying history
5 Death
6 Legacy
7 See also
8 References

8.1 Works cited


9 External links



Early life and education[edit]




JFK Jr. with his father at the White House at age two.


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born at Georgetown University Hospital on November 25, 1960, two weeks after his father was elected president. His parents had a stillborn daughter named Arabella four years before John Jr.'s birth. John Jr. had an older sister, Caroline, and an infant brother, Patrick, who died two days after his premature birth in 1963. His putative nickname, "John-John", came from a reporter who misheard JFK calling him "John" twice in quick succession; the name was not used by his family.[1]
John Jr. lived in the White House during the first three years of his life, and later remained in the public spotlight up until his death. His father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, and the state funeral was held three days later on John Jr.'s third birthday. In a moment that became an iconic image of the 1960s, John Jr. stepped forward and rendered a final salute as his father's flag-draped casket was carried out from St. Matthew's Cathedral.[2] The family continued with their plans for a birthday party, to demonstrate that the Kennedys would go on despite the death of their father.[3]
Kennedy attended private schools in New York City, starting at Saint David's School and moving to Collegiate School, which he attended from third through tenth grade,[4] and completed high school at Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating, he went to Brown University where he majored in American studies.[5] There, he co-founded a student discussion group that focused on contemporary issues such as apartheid in South Africa, gun control, and civil rights. Visiting South Africa during a summer break, he was appalled by apartheid, and arranged for U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young to speak about the topic at Brown.[6]
By his junior year at Brown, he had moved off campus to live with several other students in a shared house,[7] and spent time at Xenon, a club owned by Howard Stein. Kennedy was initiated into Phi Psi, a local social fraternity which had been the Rhode Island Alpha Chapter of national Phi Kappa Psi fraternity until 1978.[8] He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in American studies, and then took a working break, traveling to India and spending some time at the University of Delhi, where he met Mother Teresa. He also worked with some of the Kennedy special interest projects, including the East Harlem School at Exodus House and Reaching Up.
Mother's remarriage[edit]
Following his father's assassination, Kennedy moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City with his mother and sister, where he grew up. In 1967, his mother took him and his sister Caroline on a six-week "sentimental journey" to Ireland, where they met President Éamon de Valera and visited the Kennedy ancestral home in Dunganstown.[4]
After his uncle Robert was assassinated in 1968, his mother took him and his sister out of the United States, saying: "If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets ... I want to get out of this country."[9] The same year, she married Greek shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis, and the family went to live on his private island of Skorpios. Kennedy is said to have considered his stepfather "a joke".[10]
In 1971, Kennedy returned to the White House with his mother and sister for the first time since the assassination. President Richard Nixon's daughters gave Kennedy a tour that included his old bedroom, and Nixon showed him the Resolute desk under which his father had let him play. When Onassis died in 1975, he left Kennedy $25,000, though Jacqueline was able to renegotiate the will, and acquired $20 million for herself and her children.[11]
In 1976, Kennedy and his cousin visited an earthquake disaster zone at Rabinal in Guatemala, helping with heavy building work and distributing food. The local priest said that they "ate what the people of Rabinal ate and dressed in Guatemalan clothes and slept in tents like most of the earthquake victims", adding that the two "did more for their country's image" in Guatemala "than a roomful of ambassadors".[12] On his sixteenth birthday, Kennedy's Secret Service protection ended.[13] He spent the summer of 1978 working as a wrangler in Wyoming.[14]
Before attending Brown University, Kennedy accompanied his mother to Africa. On a pioneering course, he rescued his group, which had got lost for two days without food or water, and won points for leadership.[15] In 1979, the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum was dedicated, and Kennedy made his first major speech, reciting Stephen Spender's poem "I Think Continually of Those Who Were Truly Great".[16]
Career[edit]
After the 1984 Democratic Convention in San Francisco, Kennedy returned to New York and earned $20,000 a year in a position at the Office of Business Development, where his boss reflected that he worked "in the same crummy cubbyhole as everybody else. I heaped on the work and was always pleased."[17] From 1984 to 1986, he worked for the New York City Office of Business Development and served as deputy director of the 42nd Street Development Corporation in 1986,[18] conducting negotiations with developers and city agencies. In 1988, he became a summer associate at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips, a Los Angeles law firm with strong connections to the Democratic Party. There, Kennedy worked for Charlie Manatt, his uncle Ted Kennedy's law school roommate.[17]
From 1989, Kennedy headed Reaching Up, a nonprofit group which provided educational and other opportunities for workers who helped people with disabilities. William Ebenstein, executive director of Reaching Up, said, "He was always concerned with the working poor, and his family always had an interest in helping them."
In 1989, Kennedy earned a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.[19] He then failed the New York bar exam twice, before passing on his third try in July 1990.[20] Kennedy vowed, after failing it for the second time, that he would take it continuously until he was ninety-five years old or passed,[21] though if he had failed a third time, he would have been out as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office, where he worked for the next four years.[22][23] On August 29, 1991, Kennedy won his first prosecution.[24]
In summer 1992, he worked as a journalist and was commissioned by The New York Times to write an article about his kayaking expedition to the Aland Archipelago, where he saved one of his friends from the water when his kayak capsized.[25] He then considered creating a magazine with his friend, public-relations magnate Michael J. Berman – a plan which his mother thought too risky. In his 2001 book The Day John Died, Christopher Andersen wrote that Jacqueline had also worried that her son would die in a plane crash, and asked longtime-companion Maurice Tempelsman "to do whatever it took to keep John from becoming a pilot".[26]
Acting[edit]
Meanwhile, he had done a bit of acting, which was one of his passions (he had appeared in many plays while at Brown). He expressed interest in acting as a career, but his mother strongly disapproved of it, as an unsuitable profession.[27] On August 4, 1985, Kennedy made his New York acting debut in front of an invitation-only audience at the Irish Theater on Manhattan's West Side. Executive director of the Irish Arts Center, Nye Heron, said that Kennedy was "one of the best young actors I've seen in years".[18] Kennedy's director, Robin Saex, stated, "He has an earnestness that just shines through." Kennedy's largest acting role was playing a fictionalized version of himself in the season-eight episode of sitcom Murphy Brown, called "Altered States". In this episode, Kennedy visits Brown at her office, in order to promote a magazine he is publishing.
George magazine[edit]
In 1995, Kennedy and Michael Berman founded George, a glossy, politics-as-lifestyle and fashion monthly, with Kennedy controlling 50 percent of the shares.[27] Kennedy officially launched the magazine at a news conference in Manhattan on September 8, and joked that he had not seen so many reporters in one place since he failed his first bar exam.[28]
Each issue of the magazine contained an editor's column and interviews written by Kennedy,[29] who believed they could make politics "accessible by covering it in an entertaining and compelling way" which would allow "popular interest and involvement" to follow.[30] Kennedy did interviews with Louis Farrakhan, Billy Graham, Garth Brooks, and others.[30]
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter wrote in a column that George was "truly a political magazine, not a Democratic magazine". Coulter claimed that Kennedy had admired an article she wrote attacking a congressman, and she also claimed that in one of their last conversations, Kennedy mocked one of the magazine's liberal columnists for being a "predictable bore" despite a lack of recorded proof.[31]
The first issue was criticized for its image of Cindy Crawford posing as George Washington in a powdered wig and ruffled shirt. In defense of the cover, Kennedy stated that "political magazines should look like Mirabella."[32]
In July 1997, Vanity Fair had published a profile of Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani claiming that the mayor was sleeping with his press secretary (which both parties denied). Although tempted to follow up on this story, Kennedy decided against it.[33] The same month, Kennedy wrote about meeting Mother Teresa, declaring that the "three days I spent in her presence was the strongest evidence this struggling Catholic has ever had that God exists."[29]
The September 1997 issue of George centered on temptation, and featured two of Kennedy's cousins, Michael LeMoyne Kennedy and Joseph P. Kennedy II. Michael had been accused of having an affair with his children's underaged babysitter, while Joe had been accused by his ex-wife of having bullied her. John declared that both his cousins had become "poster boys for bad behaviour" - believed to be the first time a member of the Kennedy family had publicly attacked another Kennedy. He said he was trying to show that press coverage of the pair was unfair, due to them being Kennedys.[34] But Joe paraphrased John's father by stating, "Ask not what you can do for your cousin, but what you can do for his magazine."[35]
Magazine decline[edit]
By early 1997, Kennedy and Berman found themselves locked in a power struggle, which led to screaming matches, slammed doors, and even one physical altercation. Eventually Berman sold his share of the company, and Kennedy took on Berman's responsibilities himself. Though the magazine had already begun to decline in popularity before Berman left, his departure was followed by a rapid drop in sales.[36]
David Pecker, CEO of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines, who were partners in George, said that this was because Kennedy refused to "take risks as an editor, despite the fact that he was an extraordinary risk taker in other areas of his life." Pecker said, "He understood that the target audience for George was the eighteen-to-thirty-four-year-old demographic, yet he would routinely turn down interviews that would appeal to this age group, like Princess Diana or John Gotti, Jr., to interview subjects like Dan Rostenkowski or Vo Nguyen Giap."[36] Shortly before his death, Kennedy had been planning a series of online chats with the 2000 presidential candidates. Microsoft was to provide the technology and pay for it while receiving advertising in George.[37] After his death, the magazine was bought out by Hachette,[38] but folded in early 2001.[39]
Family activity[edit]




Photograph of a June 24, 1985 reception for the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation held at Senator Ted Kennedy's McLean, Virginia residence. Photographed are (from left to right) Ted Kennedy, President Ronald Reagan, First Lady Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Ethel Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Kennedy addressed the 1988 Democratic National Convention, introducing his uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy. He invoked his father's inaugural address, calling "a generation to public service", and received a two-minute standing ovation.[40] Republican consultant Richard Viguerie said he did not remember a word of the speech, but remembered "a good delivery" and added, "I think it was a plus for the Democrats and the boy. He is strikingly handsome."[41]
Kennedy participated in his cousin Patrick J. Kennedy's campaign for a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives by visiting the district.[42] He sat outside the polling booth and had his picture taken with "would-be" voters. The polaroid ploy worked so well in the campaign that Patrick J. Kennedy used it again in 1994.
Relationships[edit]
While attending Brown University, Kennedy met Sally Munro, whom he dated for six years, and they visited India in 1983. Also while at Brown, he met Brooke Shields,[43] with whom he was later linked.
Kennedy also dated models Cindy Crawford and Julie Baker, as well as actress Sarah Jessica Parker,[44] who said she enjoyed dating Kennedy but realized he "was a public domain kind of a guy." Parker claimed to have no idea what "real fame" was until dating Kennedy and felt that she should "apologize for dating him" since it became the "defining factor in the person" she was.[45]
Kennedy had known actress Daryl Hannah since their two families had vacationed together in St. Maarten in the early '80s. After meeting again at the wedding of his aunt Lee Radziwill in 1988, they dated for five and a half years, though their relationship was complicated by her feelings for singer Jackson Browne, with whom she had lived for a time.
Also during this time Kennedy dated Christina Haag. They knew each other as children and also attended Brown University.
Marriage[edit]
After his relationship with Daryl Hannah ended, Kennedy cohabitated with Carolyn Bessette, who worked in the fashion industry and was the youngest daughter of William J. Bessette and Ann Messina Freeman. They were engaged for a year, though Kennedy consistently denied reports of this. They married in a secret ceremony on September 21, 1996, on Cumberland Island, Georgia,[46] where his sister, Caroline, was matron of honor and his cousin Anthony Radziwill was best man.[47]
The next day, Kennedy's cousin Patrick revealed that the pair had married. When they returned to their Manhattan home, there were a mass of reporters on the doorstep. One of them asked Kennedy if he had enjoyed his honeymoon, to which he responded "Very much." He added "Getting married is a big adjustment for us, and for a private citizen like Carolyn even more so. I ask you to give her all the privacy and room you can."[48]
But Carolyn was, in fact, badly disoriented by the constant attention from the paparazzi. The couple was permanently on show, both at fashionable Manhattan events, and on their travels to visit celebrities such as Mariuccia Mandelli and Gianni Versace.[49] She also complained to her friend, journalist Jonathan Soroff, that she could not get a job without being accused of exploiting her fame.[50]
Flying history[edit]
Kennedy began taking flying lessons at the Flight Safety Academy in Vero Beach, Florida.[34] In April 1998, he received his pilot's license, which he had dreamed about since he was a child.[28]
The death of his cousin Michael in a skiing accident brought about a change in Kennedy, making death "just seem closer and closer."[51] Kennedy felt so distressed that he took a hiatus from his piloting lessons at Flight Safety International in Florida for three months. His sister, Caroline, had hoped his decision to stop taking piloting lessons would be permanent, but when he resumed, she resigned herself to the "fact that she could do little to stop him."[52]
Death[edit]
Main article: John F. Kennedy Jr. plane crash
On July 16, 1999, Kennedy departed from Fairfield, New Jersey, at the controls of his Piper Saratoga light aircraft, carrying his wife, Carolyn, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette, to attend the wedding of his cousin Rory Kennedy at Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. He had purchased the plane on April 28, 1999, from Air Bound Aviation.[53] Carolyn and Lauren were sitting in the second row of seats.[54] Kennedy had checked in with the control tower at the Martha's Vineyard Airport but, when the plane failed to arrive, it was reported missing.[55]
Officials were not optimistic about finding survivors after aircraft debris and a black suitcase belonging to Bessette were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean.[56] President Bill Clinton gave his support to the Kennedy family during the search for the three ill-fated passengers.[56]
On July 18, a Coast Guard admiral declared an end to hope that Kennedy, his wife and her sister could be found alive.[57] On July 19, the fragments of Kennedy's plane were found by the NOAA vessel Rude using side-scan sonar. The next day, Navy divers descended into the 62 °F (17 °C) water. The divers found part of the shattered plane strewn over a broad area of seabed 120 feet (37 m) below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.[58] The search ended in the late afternoon of July 21, when the three bodies were recovered from the ocean floor by Navy divers and taken by motorcade to the county medical examiner's office.[59] The discovery was made from high-resolution images of the ocean bottom.[60] Divers found Carolyn and Lauren's bodies near the twisted and broken fuselage while Kennedy's body was still strapped into the pilot's seat.[55] Admiral Richard M. Larrabee of the Coast Guard said that all three bodies were "near and under" the fuselage, still strapped in.[61]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the probable cause of the crash was pilot error: "Kennedy's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night, which was a result of spatial disorientation."[62]
On the evening of July 21, autopsies at the county medical examiner's office revealed that the crash victims had died upon impact. At the same time, the Kennedy and Bessette families announced their plans for memorial services.[59] On July 21, the three bodies were taken from Hyannis to Duxbury, where they were cremated in the Mayflower Cemetery crematorium.[63] Ted Kennedy favored a public service for John while Caroline Kennedy insisted on family privacy.[64] On the morning of July 22, their ashes were scattered at sea from the Navy destroyer USS Briscoe off the coast of Martha's Vineyard.[65]
A memorial service was held for Kennedy on July 23, 1999 at the Church of St. Thomas More, a church Kennedy had often attended with his mother and sister. The invitation-only service was attended by hundreds of mourners, including President Bill Clinton, who presented the family with photo albums of John and Carolyn on their visit to the White House from the previous year.[66]
Kennedy's last will and testament stipulated that his personal belongings, property, and holdings were to be "evenly distributed" among his sister Caroline Kennedy's three children, who were among fourteen beneficiaries in his will.[55]
Legacy[edit]
John F. Kennedy Jr. was the first child ever born to a President-elect of the United States. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John Jr.'s father on November 22, 1963, the New York Daily News re-ran the famous photograph of the three-year-old Kennedy saluting his father's coffin. Photographer Dan Farrell, who took the photo, called it "the saddest thing I've ever seen in my whole life".[67]
In 2000, Reaching Up, the organization which Kennedy founded in 1989, joined with The City University of New York to establish the John F. Kennedy, Jr. Institute.[68] On September 19, 2003, the ARCO Forum at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government was renamed to the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum of Public Affairs. An active participant in Forum events, Kennedy had also been a member of the IOP's Senior Advisory Committee for fifteen years. Kennedy's uncle Senator Ted Kennedy said the renaming would symbolically link Kennedy and his father while his sister, Caroline, stated the renaming represented his love of discussing politics.[69]
See also[edit]

Kennedy Curse
America's Prince: The John F. Kennedy Jr. Story

References[edit]


^ Kennedy Year in Review Archived 2006-05-13 at the Wayback Machine. CNN.
^ Lucas, Dean (2007-07-22). "Famous Pictures Magazine – JFK Jr salutes JFK". Famous Pictures Magazine. Retrieved 2013-05-21. 
^ Leamer, p. 1.
^ a b Heymann, pp. 145–146.
^ Leigh, pp. 236-237.
^ Landau, p. 78.
^ Landau, p. 82.
^ Robert T. Littell, The Men We Became: My Friendship With John F. Kennedy, Jr. (St. Martin's Press 2004), passim.
^ Seely, Katherine (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir to a Formidable Dynasty". The New York Times. Retrieved November 8, 2009. 
^ Davis, p. 690.
^ Shane, Scott (July 18, 1999). "A life lived in celebrity". Baltimore Sun. 
^ Leigh, pp. 195–196.
^ Leigh, p. 137.
^ Landau, p. 77.
^ Leigh, p. 235.
^ Leigh, p. 251.
^ a b Gross, Michael (March 20, 1989). "Favorite Son". New York Magazine. 
^ a b Bly, p. 279.
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 323. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Blow, Richard; Bradley, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Macmillan. p. 17. ISBN 0-312-98899-0. 
^ "JOHN KENNEDY JR. FAILS BAR EXAM 2ND TIME; SAYS HE'LL TAKE IT AGAIN". Desert News. May 1, 1990. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Jr. Passes Bar Exam". Los Angeles Times. November 4, 1990. 
^ Spoto, Donald (2000). Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis: A Life. Macmillan. p. 330. ISBN 0-312-97707-7. 
^ Sullivan, Ronald (August 30, 1991). "Prosecutor Kennedy Wins First Trial, Easily". The New York Times. 
^ Andersen, Christopher (2014). The Good Son: JFK Jr. and the Mother He Loved. Gallery Books. pp. 266–267. ISBN 978-1476775562. 
^ "Book: JFK. Jr's Death Foretold". ABC News. July 11, 2000. 
^ a b A&E Biography
^ a b Landau, p. 117.
^ a b Sumner, David E. (2010). The Magazine Century: American Magazines Since 1900. Peter Lang International Academic Publishers. p. 201. ISBN 978-1433104930. 
^ a b Landau, pp. 100-102.
^ Coulter, pp. 317-318.
^ Landau, p. 99.
^ Blow, pp. 174-175.
^ a b Andersen, p. 316.
^ Leigh, pp. 322-323.
^ a b Heymann, p. 438.
^ Blow, p. 274.
^ Bercovici, Jeff (2001). "Hachette delivers death ax to George" Archived 2007-09-30 at the Wayback Machine.. Media Life Magazine.
^ "Reliable Sources: 'George' Folds". CNN. January 6, 2001.
^ Selye, Katherine Q. (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir To a Formidable Dynasty". New York Times. 
^ Wadler, Joyce (September 12, 1988). "The Sexiest Kennedy". 
^ Bly, p. 297.
^ O'Neill, Liisa (May 25, 2009). "Actress and former model Brooke Shields reveals that she didn't lose her virginity until she was 22". New York Daily News. 
^ Landau, pp. 94-95.
^ Specter, Michael (September 20, 1992). "FILM; Bimbo? Sarah Jessica Parker Begs to Differ". New York Times. 
^ Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Twenty-First Century Books. p. 117. ISBN 0-7613-1857-7. 
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 458. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Heymann, p. 463.
^ Heymann, p. 447.
^ Heymann, pp. 472-473.
^ Blow, p. 301.
^ Heymann, p. 478-479.
^ Heymann, p. 32.
^ Heymann, p. 36.
^ a b c Heymann, p. 499.
^ a b Grunwald, Michael (July 18, 1999). "JFK Jr. Feared Dead in Plane Crash". Washington Post. 
^ Gellman, Barton (July 19, 1999). "No Hope of Survivors, Admiral Tells Families". Washington Post. 
^ Klein, p. 222.
^ a b "Crash and Search Time Line". The Washington Post. July 22, 1999. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ "Divers Found Bodies". Chicago Tribune. July 22, 1999. 
^ Allen, Mike (July 22, 1999). "Bodies From Kennedy Crash Are Found". New York Times. 
^ "NTSB report NYC99MA178". 
^ Maxwell, Paula (July 28, 1999). "Kennedy cremated in Duxbury" (PDF). Duxbury Clipper. Duxbury. MA. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ Landau, p. 20.
^ Gellman, Barton; Ferdinand, Pamela (1999-07-23). "Kennedy, Bessettes Given Shipboard Rites". Washington Post. pp. A1. Retrieved 2008-05-22. 
^ Landau, p. 23.
^ "Daily News' iconic photo of JFK Jr.'s salute to dad's coffin still haunts". New York Daily News. November 17, 2013. 
^ "JFK, JR. INSTITUTE FOR WORKER EDUCATION". 
^ Kicenuik, Kimberly A. (September 22, 2003). "ARCO Forum at IOP Renamed In Honor of John F. Kennedy Jr.". The Harvard Crimson. 


Works cited[edit]

Blow, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. St. Martin's Paperbacks. ISBN 978-0312988999. 
Bly, Nellie (1996). The Kennedy Men: Three Generations of Sex, Scandal and Secrets. Kensington. ISBN 978-1575661063. 
Coulter, Ann (2004). How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must): The World According to Ann Coulter. Crown Forum. ISBN 1400054184. 
Davis, John H. (1993). The Kennedys: Dynasty and Disaster. S.P.I. Books. ISBN 978-1561710607. 
Heymann, C. David (2008). American Legacy: The Story of John and Caroline Kennedy. Atria Books. ISBN 0743497392. 
Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Millbrook Press. ISBN 978-0761318576. 
Leamer, Laurence (2005). Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty. William Morrow Paperbacks. ISBN 0060559020. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John F. Kennedy, Jr..



John F. Kennedy Jr. on IMDb
FBI file on John F. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy Jr. at Find a Grave







v
t
e


John F. Kennedy






35th President of the United States (1961–1963)
U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1953–1960)
U.S. Representative for MA-11 (1947–1953)





Presidency
(timeline)



Presidential Office: Inauguration
Cabinet
Judicial appointments

Supreme Court


Presidential pardons


Domestic policy: Clean Air Act
Communications Satellite Act
Community Mental Health Act
Equal Pay Act
Federal affirmative action
Federal housing segregation ban
Fifty-mile hikes
Food for Peace
New Frontier
Pilot Food Stamp Program
Space policy
Status of Women (Presidential Commission)
University of Alabama integration
Voter Education Project


Foreign policy: Alliance for Progress
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty


Flexible response
Kennedy Doctrine
Peace Corps
Trade Expansion Act
USAID
Vietnam War
Cuba: Bay of Pigs Invasion
Cuban Project
Cuban Missile Crisis

ExComm


Soviet Union: Berlin Crisis
Moscow–Washington hotline
Vienna summit


White House: Presidential limousine
Presidential yacht
Resolute desk
Situation Room





Presidential
speeches



Inaugural address
American University speech
"We choose to go to the Moon"
Civil Rights Address
"Ich bin ein Berliner"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"





Elections



U.S. States House of Representatives elections, 1946
1948
1950
U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts, 1952
1958
1960 Presidential primaries
1960 Presidential campaign
Democratic National Convention 1956
1960
U.S. presidential election, 1960

debates







Personal life



Birthplace and childhood home
Kennedy Compound
US Navy service PT-109

Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana
Arthur Evans
PT-59
Castle Hot Springs


Hammersmith Farm
Coretta Scott King phone call
Rocking chair
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"





Books
authored



Why England Slept (1940)
Profiles in Courage (1956)
A Nation of Immigrants (1958)





Death



Assassination

timeline
reactions
in popular culture


State funeral

Riderless horse
attending dignitaries


Gravesite and Eternal Flame





Legacy



John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum (Boston)
1964 Civil Rights Act
Apollo 11 Moon landing
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Kennedy Space Center (Florida)
Kennedy Round
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
VISTA
Cultural depictions

films
Kennedy half dollar
U.S. postage stamps
U.S. five cent stamp
Lincoln–Kennedy coincidences


Operation Sail





Memorials,
namesakes



Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington DC)
JK College (Mauritius)
Kennedy Expressway (Chicago)
JFK International Airport (New York)
JFK Memorial (Dallas)
JFK Memorial Bridge (Kentucky–Indiana)
JFK School of Government (Harvard Univ.)
JFK Special Warfare Center and School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina)
JFK University (California)
JFK Memorial (Runnymede, Britain)
Yad Kennedy (Jerusalem)
USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)
USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79)
MV John F. Kennedy





Family



Jacqueline Bouvier (wife)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy Jr.

son
plane crash


Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (father)
Rose Fitzgerald (mother)
Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (brother)
Rosemary Kennedy (sister)
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (sister)
Eunice Kennedy Shriver (sister)
Patricia Kennedy Lawford (sister)
Robert F. Kennedy (brother)
Jean Kennedy Smith (sister)
Ted Kennedy (brother)
P. J. Kennedy (grandfather)
John F. Fitzgerald (grandfather)








← Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lyndon B. Johnson →


 Category












v
t
e


Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis



Family



John F. Kennedy (first husband, presidency)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy, Jr. (son)
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Aristotle Onassis (second husband)
Janet Lee Bouvier (mother)
John Vernou Bouvier III (father)
Lee Radziwill (sister)
Hugh D. Auchincloss (stepfather)
Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd (half-sister)
Edith Ewing Bouvier (aunt)










Life events



Hammersmith Farm
Kennedy Compound
First Lady of the United States

White House restoration
Televised White House tour
White House Historical Association
White House Curator
Committee for the Preservation of the White House
Resolute desk


Assassination of John F. Kennedy
State funeral of John F. Kennedy
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Eternal Flame and burial site





Fashion



Wedding dress of Jacqueline Bouvier
The bouffant hairstyle
Pillbox hat
Pink Chanel suit





Honors and
memorials



Jacqueline Kennedy Garden
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School ballet





Other



Cultural depictions
Jackie O (1997 opera)
Jackie (2016 film)












v
t
e


Kennedy family



I.




Patrick Kennedy (c. 1823 – 1858)



Patrick Joseph 'P. J.' Kennedy








II.




P. J. Kennedy (1858–1929)



Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.








III.




Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (1888–1969)
Rose Kennedy (1890–1995)



Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy (m.) Jacqueline Bouvier
Rosemary Kennedy
Kathleen Kennedy (m.) William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington
Eunice Kennedy (m.) Sargent Shriver
Patricia Kennedy (m./div.) Peter Lawford
Robert F. Kennedy (m.) Ethel Kennedy
Jean Kennedy (m.) Stephen Edward Smith
Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy (m./div. 1st) Joan Bennett; (m. 2nd) Victoria Reggie








IV.




John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917–1963)



Caroline Kennedy (m.) Edwin Schlossberg
John F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Carolyn Bessette
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy





Eunice Kennedy Shriver (1921–2009)



Bobby Shriver
Maria Shriver (m./sep.) Arnold Schwarzenegger
Timothy Shriver
Mark Shriver
Anthony Shriver





Patricia Kennedy Lawford (1924–2006)



Christopher Lawford





Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968)



Kathleen Kennedy Townsend
Joseph P. Kennedy II
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Cheryl Hines
David A. Kennedy
Courtney Kennedy Hill
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
Kerry Kennedy (m./div.) Andrew Cuomo
Christopher G. Kennedy
Max Kennedy
Douglas Harriman Kennedy
Rory Kennedy





Jean Kennedy Smith (born 1928)



William Kennedy Smith





Ted Kennedy (1932–2009)



Kara Kennedy
Edward M. Kennedy Jr.
Patrick J. Kennedy








VI.



Rose Schlossberg
Jack Schlossberg
Katherine Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger
Joseph P. Kennedy III





Related topics



Hickory Hill
Kennedy Compound
Kennedy curse
Merchandise Mart
The Kennedys (museum)





Category

Kennedy family




m. = married; div. = divorced; sep. = separated.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 73930660
LCCN: n93067737
ISNI: 0000 0000 3211 7044
GND: 119187752
SUDOC: 032684444
BNF: cb12366658m (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_F._Kennedy_Jr.&oldid=791314122"					
Categories: 1960 births1999 deathsAccidental deaths in MassachusettsAmerican magazine foundersAmerican magazine publishers (people)American socialitesAviators from New YorkAviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesBouvier familyBrown University alumniChildren of Presidents of the United StatesKennedy familyNew York lawyersNew York University School of Law alumniPeople from the Upper East SidePhillips Academy alumniCollegiate School (New York) alumniWriters from New York CityWriters from Washington, D.C.20th-century American lawyersVictims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 12:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John F. Kennedy Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






John F. Kennedy Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"John-John" and "John Kennedy Jr." redirect here. For people named John John, see John John. For other people named John Kennedy Jr., see John Kennedy (disambiguation).


John F. Kennedy Jr.



Kennedy greets invited guests at the HBO
and Imagine Entertainment premiere held
at the Kennedy Space Center in 1998.



Born
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
(1960-11-25)November 25, 1960
Washington, D.C., U.S.


Died
July 16, 1999(1999-07-16) (aged 38)
Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, U.S.


Cause of death
Plane crash


Alma mater
Brown University (A.B.)
New York University (J.D.)


Occupation
Journalist, lawyer, magazine publisher


Spouse(s)
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy
(m. 1996)


Parent(s)
John F. Kennedy
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


Relatives
See Kennedy family


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy. His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
From his early childhood years at the White House and beyond, Kennedy was the subject of great media scrutiny, and he became a popular social figure of Manhattan. Trained as a lawyer, Kennedy worked as a New York City Assistant District Attorney for almost four years. In 1995, he launched George magazine, using his political and celebrity status to publicize it. Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Mother's remarriage


2 Career

2.1 Acting


3 George magazine

3.1 Magazine decline
3.2 Family activity
3.3 Relationships
3.4 Marriage


4 Flying history
5 Death
6 Legacy
7 See also
8 References

8.1 Works cited


9 External links



Early life and education[edit]




JFK Jr. with his father at the White House at age two.


John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born at Georgetown University Hospital on November 25, 1960, two weeks after his father was elected president. His parents had a stillborn daughter named Arabella four years before John Jr.'s birth. John Jr. had an older sister, Caroline, and an infant brother, Patrick, who died two days after his premature birth in 1963. His putative nickname, "John-John", came from a reporter who misheard JFK calling him "John" twice in quick succession; the name was not used by his family.[1]
John Jr. lived in the White House during the first three years of his life, and later remained in the public spotlight up until his death. His father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, and the state funeral was held three days later on John Jr.'s third birthday. In a moment that became an iconic image of the 1960s, John Jr. stepped forward and rendered a final salute as his father's flag-draped casket was carried out from St. Matthew's Cathedral.[2] The family continued with their plans for a birthday party, to demonstrate that the Kennedys would go on despite the death of their father.[3]
Kennedy attended private schools in New York City, starting at Saint David's School and moving to Collegiate School, which he attended from third through tenth grade,[4] and completed high school at Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating, he went to Brown University where he majored in American studies.[5] There, he co-founded a student discussion group that focused on contemporary issues such as apartheid in South Africa, gun control, and civil rights. Visiting South Africa during a summer break, he was appalled by apartheid, and arranged for U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young to speak about the topic at Brown.[6]
By his junior year at Brown, he had moved off campus to live with several other students in a shared house,[7] and spent time at Xenon, a club owned by Howard Stein. Kennedy was initiated into Phi Psi, a local social fraternity which had been the Rhode Island Alpha Chapter of national Phi Kappa Psi fraternity until 1978.[8] He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in American studies, and then took a working break, traveling to India and spending some time at the University of Delhi, where he met Mother Teresa. He also worked with some of the Kennedy special interest projects, including the East Harlem School at Exodus House and Reaching Up.
Mother's remarriage[edit]
Following his father's assassination, Kennedy moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City with his mother and sister, where he grew up. In 1967, his mother took him and his sister Caroline on a six-week "sentimental journey" to Ireland, where they met President Éamon de Valera and visited the Kennedy ancestral home in Dunganstown.[4]
After his uncle Robert was assassinated in 1968, his mother took him and his sister out of the United States, saying: "If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets ... I want to get out of this country."[9] The same year, she married Greek shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis, and the family went to live on his private island of Skorpios. Kennedy is said to have considered his stepfather "a joke".[10]
In 1971, Kennedy returned to the White House with his mother and sister for the first time since the assassination. President Richard Nixon's daughters gave Kennedy a tour that included his old bedroom, and Nixon showed him the Resolute desk under which his father had let him play. When Onassis died in 1975, he left Kennedy $25,000, though Jacqueline was able to renegotiate the will, and acquired $20 million for herself and her children.[11]
In 1976, Kennedy and his cousin visited an earthquake disaster zone at Rabinal in Guatemala, helping with heavy building work and distributing food. The local priest said that they "ate what the people of Rabinal ate and dressed in Guatemalan clothes and slept in tents like most of the earthquake victims", adding that the two "did more for their country's image" in Guatemala "than a roomful of ambassadors".[12] On his sixteenth birthday, Kennedy's Secret Service protection ended.[13] He spent the summer of 1978 working as a wrangler in Wyoming.[14]
Before attending Brown University, Kennedy accompanied his mother to Africa. On a pioneering course, he rescued his group, which had got lost for two days without food or water, and won points for leadership.[15] In 1979, the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum was dedicated, and Kennedy made his first major speech, reciting Stephen Spender's poem "I Think Continually of Those Who Were Truly Great".[16]
Career[edit]
After the 1984 Democratic Convention in San Francisco, Kennedy returned to New York and earned $20,000 a year in a position at the Office of Business Development, where his boss reflected that he worked "in the same crummy cubbyhole as everybody else. I heaped on the work and was always pleased."[17] From 1984 to 1986, he worked for the New York City Office of Business Development and served as deputy director of the 42nd Street Development Corporation in 1986,[18] conducting negotiations with developers and city agencies. In 1988, he became a summer associate at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips, a Los Angeles law firm with strong connections to the Democratic Party. There, Kennedy worked for Charlie Manatt, his uncle Ted Kennedy's law school roommate.[17]
From 1989, Kennedy headed Reaching Up, a nonprofit group which provided educational and other opportunities for workers who helped people with disabilities. William Ebenstein, executive director of Reaching Up, said, "He was always concerned with the working poor, and his family always had an interest in helping them."
In 1989, Kennedy earned a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.[19] He then failed the New York bar exam twice, before passing on his third try in July 1990.[20] Kennedy vowed, after failing it for the second time, that he would take it continuously until he was ninety-five years old or passed,[21] though if he had failed a third time, he would have been out as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office, where he worked for the next four years.[22][23] On August 29, 1991, Kennedy won his first prosecution.[24]
In summer 1992, he worked as a journalist and was commissioned by The New York Times to write an article about his kayaking expedition to the Aland Archipelago, where he saved one of his friends from the water when his kayak capsized.[25] He then considered creating a magazine with his friend, public-relations magnate Michael J. Berman – a plan which his mother thought too risky. In his 2001 book The Day John Died, Christopher Andersen wrote that Jacqueline had also worried that her son would die in a plane crash, and asked longtime-companion Maurice Tempelsman "to do whatever it took to keep John from becoming a pilot".[26]
Acting[edit]
Meanwhile, he had done a bit of acting, which was one of his passions (he had appeared in many plays while at Brown). He expressed interest in acting as a career, but his mother strongly disapproved of it, as an unsuitable profession.[27] On August 4, 1985, Kennedy made his New York acting debut in front of an invitation-only audience at the Irish Theater on Manhattan's West Side. Executive director of the Irish Arts Center, Nye Heron, said that Kennedy was "one of the best young actors I've seen in years".[18] Kennedy's director, Robin Saex, stated, "He has an earnestness that just shines through." Kennedy's largest acting role was playing a fictionalized version of himself in the season-eight episode of sitcom Murphy Brown, called "Altered States". In this episode, Kennedy visits Brown at her office, in order to promote a magazine he is publishing.
George magazine[edit]
In 1995, Kennedy and Michael Berman founded George, a glossy, politics-as-lifestyle and fashion monthly, with Kennedy controlling 50 percent of the shares.[27] Kennedy officially launched the magazine at a news conference in Manhattan on September 8, and joked that he had not seen so many reporters in one place since he failed his first bar exam.[28]
Each issue of the magazine contained an editor's column and interviews written by Kennedy,[29] who believed they could make politics "accessible by covering it in an entertaining and compelling way" which would allow "popular interest and involvement" to follow.[30] Kennedy did interviews with Louis Farrakhan, Billy Graham, Garth Brooks, and others.[30]
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter wrote in a column that George was "truly a political magazine, not a Democratic magazine". Coulter claimed that Kennedy had admired an article she wrote attacking a congressman, and she also claimed that in one of their last conversations, Kennedy mocked one of the magazine's liberal columnists for being a "predictable bore" despite a lack of recorded proof.[31]
The first issue was criticized for its image of Cindy Crawford posing as George Washington in a powdered wig and ruffled shirt. In defense of the cover, Kennedy stated that "political magazines should look like Mirabella."[32]
In July 1997, Vanity Fair had published a profile of Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani claiming that the mayor was sleeping with his press secretary (which both parties denied). Although tempted to follow up on this story, Kennedy decided against it.[33] The same month, Kennedy wrote about meeting Mother Teresa, declaring that the "three days I spent in her presence was the strongest evidence this struggling Catholic has ever had that God exists."[29]
The September 1997 issue of George centered on temptation, and featured two of Kennedy's cousins, Michael LeMoyne Kennedy and Joseph P. Kennedy II. Michael had been accused of having an affair with his children's underaged babysitter, while Joe had been accused by his ex-wife of having bullied her. John declared that both his cousins had become "poster boys for bad behaviour" - believed to be the first time a member of the Kennedy family had publicly attacked another Kennedy. He said he was trying to show that press coverage of the pair was unfair, due to them being Kennedys.[34] But Joe paraphrased John's father by stating, "Ask not what you can do for your cousin, but what you can do for his magazine."[35]
Magazine decline[edit]
By early 1997, Kennedy and Berman found themselves locked in a power struggle, which led to screaming matches, slammed doors, and even one physical altercation. Eventually Berman sold his share of the company, and Kennedy took on Berman's responsibilities himself. Though the magazine had already begun to decline in popularity before Berman left, his departure was followed by a rapid drop in sales.[36]
David Pecker, CEO of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines, who were partners in George, said that this was because Kennedy refused to "take risks as an editor, despite the fact that he was an extraordinary risk taker in other areas of his life." Pecker said, "He understood that the target audience for George was the eighteen-to-thirty-four-year-old demographic, yet he would routinely turn down interviews that would appeal to this age group, like Princess Diana or John Gotti, Jr., to interview subjects like Dan Rostenkowski or Vo Nguyen Giap."[36] Shortly before his death, Kennedy had been planning a series of online chats with the 2000 presidential candidates. Microsoft was to provide the technology and pay for it while receiving advertising in George.[37] After his death, the magazine was bought out by Hachette,[38] but folded in early 2001.[39]
Family activity[edit]




Photograph of a June 24, 1985 reception for the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation held at Senator Ted Kennedy's McLean, Virginia residence. Photographed are (from left to right) Ted Kennedy, President Ronald Reagan, First Lady Nancy Reagan, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Ethel Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Kennedy addressed the 1988 Democratic National Convention, introducing his uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy. He invoked his father's inaugural address, calling "a generation to public service", and received a two-minute standing ovation.[40] Republican consultant Richard Viguerie said he did not remember a word of the speech, but remembered "a good delivery" and added, "I think it was a plus for the Democrats and the boy. He is strikingly handsome."[41]
Kennedy participated in his cousin Patrick J. Kennedy's campaign for a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives by visiting the district.[42] He sat outside the polling booth and had his picture taken with "would-be" voters. The polaroid ploy worked so well in the campaign that Patrick J. Kennedy used it again in 1994.
Relationships[edit]
While attending Brown University, Kennedy met Sally Munro, whom he dated for six years, and they visited India in 1983. Also while at Brown, he met Brooke Shields,[43] with whom he was later linked.
Kennedy also dated models Cindy Crawford and Julie Baker, as well as actress Sarah Jessica Parker,[44] who said she enjoyed dating Kennedy but realized he "was a public domain kind of a guy." Parker claimed to have no idea what "real fame" was until dating Kennedy and felt that she should "apologize for dating him" since it became the "defining factor in the person" she was.[45]
Kennedy had known actress Daryl Hannah since their two families had vacationed together in St. Maarten in the early '80s. After meeting again at the wedding of his aunt Lee Radziwill in 1988, they dated for five and a half years, though their relationship was complicated by her feelings for singer Jackson Browne, with whom she had lived for a time.
Also during this time Kennedy dated Christina Haag. They knew each other as children and also attended Brown University.
Marriage[edit]
After his relationship with Daryl Hannah ended, Kennedy cohabitated with Carolyn Bessette, who worked in the fashion industry and was the youngest daughter of William J. Bessette and Ann Messina Freeman. They were engaged for a year, though Kennedy consistently denied reports of this. They married in a secret ceremony on September 21, 1996, on Cumberland Island, Georgia,[46] where his sister, Caroline, was matron of honor and his cousin Anthony Radziwill was best man.[47]
The next day, Kennedy's cousin Patrick revealed that the pair had married. When they returned to their Manhattan home, there were a mass of reporters on the doorstep. One of them asked Kennedy if he had enjoyed his honeymoon, to which he responded "Very much." He added "Getting married is a big adjustment for us, and for a private citizen like Carolyn even more so. I ask you to give her all the privacy and room you can."[48]
But Carolyn was, in fact, badly disoriented by the constant attention from the paparazzi. The couple was permanently on show, both at fashionable Manhattan events, and on their travels to visit celebrities such as Mariuccia Mandelli and Gianni Versace.[49] She also complained to her friend, journalist Jonathan Soroff, that she could not get a job without being accused of exploiting her fame.[50]
Flying history[edit]
Kennedy began taking flying lessons at the Flight Safety Academy in Vero Beach, Florida.[34] In April 1998, he received his pilot's license, which he had dreamed about since he was a child.[28]
The death of his cousin Michael in a skiing accident brought about a change in Kennedy, making death "just seem closer and closer."[51] Kennedy felt so distressed that he took a hiatus from his piloting lessons at Flight Safety International in Florida for three months. His sister, Caroline, had hoped his decision to stop taking piloting lessons would be permanent, but when he resumed, she resigned herself to the "fact that she could do little to stop him."[52]
Death[edit]
Main article: John F. Kennedy Jr. plane crash
On July 16, 1999, Kennedy departed from Fairfield, New Jersey, at the controls of his Piper Saratoga light aircraft, carrying his wife, Carolyn, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette, to attend the wedding of his cousin Rory Kennedy at Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. He had purchased the plane on April 28, 1999, from Air Bound Aviation.[53] Carolyn and Lauren were sitting in the second row of seats.[54] Kennedy had checked in with the control tower at the Martha's Vineyard Airport but, when the plane failed to arrive, it was reported missing.[55]
Officials were not optimistic about finding survivors after aircraft debris and a black suitcase belonging to Bessette were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean.[56] President Bill Clinton gave his support to the Kennedy family during the search for the three ill-fated passengers.[56]
On July 18, a Coast Guard admiral declared an end to hope that Kennedy, his wife and her sister could be found alive.[57] On July 19, the fragments of Kennedy's plane were found by the NOAA vessel Rude using side-scan sonar. The next day, Navy divers descended into the 62 °F (17 °C) water. The divers found part of the shattered plane strewn over a broad area of seabed 120 feet (37 m) below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.[58] The search ended in the late afternoon of July 21, when the three bodies were recovered from the ocean floor by Navy divers and taken by motorcade to the county medical examiner's office.[59] The discovery was made from high-resolution images of the ocean bottom.[60] Divers found Carolyn and Lauren's bodies near the twisted and broken fuselage while Kennedy's body was still strapped into the pilot's seat.[55] Admiral Richard M. Larrabee of the Coast Guard said that all three bodies were "near and under" the fuselage, still strapped in.[61]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the probable cause of the crash was pilot error: "Kennedy's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night, which was a result of spatial disorientation."[62]
On the evening of July 21, autopsies at the county medical examiner's office revealed that the crash victims had died upon impact. At the same time, the Kennedy and Bessette families announced their plans for memorial services.[59] On July 21, the three bodies were taken from Hyannis to Duxbury, where they were cremated in the Mayflower Cemetery crematorium.[63] Ted Kennedy favored a public service for John while Caroline Kennedy insisted on family privacy.[64] On the morning of July 22, their ashes were scattered at sea from the Navy destroyer USS Briscoe off the coast of Martha's Vineyard.[65]
A memorial service was held for Kennedy on July 23, 1999 at the Church of St. Thomas More, a church Kennedy had often attended with his mother and sister. The invitation-only service was attended by hundreds of mourners, including President Bill Clinton, who presented the family with photo albums of John and Carolyn on their visit to the White House from the previous year.[66]
Kennedy's last will and testament stipulated that his personal belongings, property, and holdings were to be "evenly distributed" among his sister Caroline Kennedy's three children, who were among fourteen beneficiaries in his will.[55]
Legacy[edit]
John F. Kennedy Jr. was the first child ever born to a President-elect of the United States. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John Jr.'s father on November 22, 1963, the New York Daily News re-ran the famous photograph of the three-year-old Kennedy saluting his father's coffin. Photographer Dan Farrell, who took the photo, called it "the saddest thing I've ever seen in my whole life".[67]
In 2000, Reaching Up, the organization which Kennedy founded in 1989, joined with The City University of New York to establish the John F. Kennedy, Jr. Institute.[68] On September 19, 2003, the ARCO Forum at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government was renamed to the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum of Public Affairs. An active participant in Forum events, Kennedy had also been a member of the IOP's Senior Advisory Committee for fifteen years. Kennedy's uncle Senator Ted Kennedy said the renaming would symbolically link Kennedy and his father while his sister, Caroline, stated the renaming represented his love of discussing politics.[69]
See also[edit]

Kennedy Curse
America's Prince: The John F. Kennedy Jr. Story

References[edit]


^ Kennedy Year in Review Archived 2006-05-13 at the Wayback Machine. CNN.
^ Lucas, Dean (2007-07-22). "Famous Pictures Magazine – JFK Jr salutes JFK". Famous Pictures Magazine. Retrieved 2013-05-21. 
^ Leamer, p. 1.
^ a b Heymann, pp. 145–146.
^ Leigh, pp. 236-237.
^ Landau, p. 78.
^ Landau, p. 82.
^ Robert T. Littell, The Men We Became: My Friendship With John F. Kennedy, Jr. (St. Martin's Press 2004), passim.
^ Seely, Katherine (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir to a Formidable Dynasty". The New York Times. Retrieved November 8, 2009. 
^ Davis, p. 690.
^ Shane, Scott (July 18, 1999). "A life lived in celebrity". Baltimore Sun. 
^ Leigh, pp. 195–196.
^ Leigh, p. 137.
^ Landau, p. 77.
^ Leigh, p. 235.
^ Leigh, p. 251.
^ a b Gross, Michael (March 20, 1989). "Favorite Son". New York Magazine. 
^ a b Bly, p. 279.
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 323. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Blow, Richard; Bradley, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Macmillan. p. 17. ISBN 0-312-98899-0. 
^ "JOHN KENNEDY JR. FAILS BAR EXAM 2ND TIME; SAYS HE'LL TAKE IT AGAIN". Desert News. May 1, 1990. 
^ "John F. Kennedy Jr. Passes Bar Exam". Los Angeles Times. November 4, 1990. 
^ Spoto, Donald (2000). Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis: A Life. Macmillan. p. 330. ISBN 0-312-97707-7. 
^ Sullivan, Ronald (August 30, 1991). "Prosecutor Kennedy Wins First Trial, Easily". The New York Times. 
^ Andersen, Christopher (2014). The Good Son: JFK Jr. and the Mother He Loved. Gallery Books. pp. 266–267. ISBN 978-1476775562. 
^ "Book: JFK. Jr's Death Foretold". ABC News. July 11, 2000. 
^ a b A&E Biography
^ a b Landau, p. 117.
^ a b Sumner, David E. (2010). The Magazine Century: American Magazines Since 1900. Peter Lang International Academic Publishers. p. 201. ISBN 978-1433104930. 
^ a b Landau, pp. 100-102.
^ Coulter, pp. 317-318.
^ Landau, p. 99.
^ Blow, pp. 174-175.
^ a b Andersen, p. 316.
^ Leigh, pp. 322-323.
^ a b Heymann, p. 438.
^ Blow, p. 274.
^ Bercovici, Jeff (2001). "Hachette delivers death ax to George" Archived 2007-09-30 at the Wayback Machine.. Media Life Magazine.
^ "Reliable Sources: 'George' Folds". CNN. January 6, 2001.
^ Selye, Katherine Q. (July 19, 1999). "John F. Kennedy Jr., Heir To a Formidable Dynasty". New York Times. 
^ Wadler, Joyce (September 12, 1988). "The Sexiest Kennedy". 
^ Bly, p. 297.
^ O'Neill, Liisa (May 25, 2009). "Actress and former model Brooke Shields reveals that she didn't lose her virginity until she was 22". New York Daily News. 
^ Landau, pp. 94-95.
^ Specter, Michael (September 20, 1992). "FILM; Bimbo? Sarah Jessica Parker Begs to Differ". New York Times. 
^ Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Twenty-First Century Books. p. 117. ISBN 0-7613-1857-7. 
^ Heymann, Clemens David (2007). American Legacy: The Story of John & Caroline Kennedy. Simon and Schuster. p. 458. ISBN 0-7434-9738-4. 
^ Heymann, p. 463.
^ Heymann, p. 447.
^ Heymann, pp. 472-473.
^ Blow, p. 301.
^ Heymann, p. 478-479.
^ Heymann, p. 32.
^ Heymann, p. 36.
^ a b c Heymann, p. 499.
^ a b Grunwald, Michael (July 18, 1999). "JFK Jr. Feared Dead in Plane Crash". Washington Post. 
^ Gellman, Barton (July 19, 1999). "No Hope of Survivors, Admiral Tells Families". Washington Post. 
^ Klein, p. 222.
^ a b "Crash and Search Time Line". The Washington Post. July 22, 1999. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ "Divers Found Bodies". Chicago Tribune. July 22, 1999. 
^ Allen, Mike (July 22, 1999). "Bodies From Kennedy Crash Are Found". New York Times. 
^ "NTSB report NYC99MA178". 
^ Maxwell, Paula (July 28, 1999). "Kennedy cremated in Duxbury" (PDF). Duxbury Clipper. Duxbury. MA. Retrieved 29 November 2012. 
^ Landau, p. 20.
^ Gellman, Barton; Ferdinand, Pamela (1999-07-23). "Kennedy, Bessettes Given Shipboard Rites". Washington Post. pp. A1. Retrieved 2008-05-22. 
^ Landau, p. 23.
^ "Daily News' iconic photo of JFK Jr.'s salute to dad's coffin still haunts". New York Daily News. November 17, 2013. 
^ "JFK, JR. INSTITUTE FOR WORKER EDUCATION". 
^ Kicenuik, Kimberly A. (September 22, 2003). "ARCO Forum at IOP Renamed In Honor of John F. Kennedy Jr.". The Harvard Crimson. 


Works cited[edit]

Blow, Richard (2002). American Son: A Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. St. Martin's Paperbacks. ISBN 978-0312988999. 
Bly, Nellie (1996). The Kennedy Men: Three Generations of Sex, Scandal and Secrets. Kensington. ISBN 978-1575661063. 
Coulter, Ann (2004). How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must): The World According to Ann Coulter. Crown Forum. ISBN 1400054184. 
Davis, John H. (1993). The Kennedys: Dynasty and Disaster. S.P.I. Books. ISBN 978-1561710607. 
Heymann, C. David (2008). American Legacy: The Story of John and Caroline Kennedy. Atria Books. ISBN 0743497392. 
Landau, Elaine (2000). John F. Kennedy, Jr. Millbrook Press. ISBN 978-0761318576. 
Leamer, Laurence (2005). Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty. William Morrow Paperbacks. ISBN 0060559020. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John F. Kennedy, Jr..



John F. Kennedy Jr. on IMDb
FBI file on John F. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy Jr. at Find a Grave







v
t
e


John F. Kennedy






35th President of the United States (1961–1963)
U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1953–1960)
U.S. Representative for MA-11 (1947–1953)





Presidency
(timeline)



Presidential Office: Inauguration
Cabinet
Judicial appointments

Supreme Court


Presidential pardons


Domestic policy: Clean Air Act
Communications Satellite Act
Community Mental Health Act
Equal Pay Act
Federal affirmative action
Federal housing segregation ban
Fifty-mile hikes
Food for Peace
New Frontier
Pilot Food Stamp Program
Space policy
Status of Women (Presidential Commission)
University of Alabama integration
Voter Education Project


Foreign policy: Alliance for Progress
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty


Flexible response
Kennedy Doctrine
Peace Corps
Trade Expansion Act
USAID
Vietnam War
Cuba: Bay of Pigs Invasion
Cuban Project
Cuban Missile Crisis

ExComm


Soviet Union: Berlin Crisis
Moscow–Washington hotline
Vienna summit


White House: Presidential limousine
Presidential yacht
Resolute desk
Situation Room





Presidential
speeches



Inaugural address
American University speech
"We choose to go to the Moon"
Civil Rights Address
"Ich bin ein Berliner"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"





Elections



U.S. States House of Representatives elections, 1946
1948
1950
U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts, 1952
1958
1960 Presidential primaries
1960 Presidential campaign
Democratic National Convention 1956
1960
U.S. presidential election, 1960

debates







Personal life



Birthplace and childhood home
Kennedy Compound
US Navy service PT-109

Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana
Arthur Evans
PT-59
Castle Hot Springs


Hammersmith Farm
Coretta Scott King phone call
Rocking chair
"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"





Books
authored



Why England Slept (1940)
Profiles in Courage (1956)
A Nation of Immigrants (1958)





Death



Assassination

timeline
reactions
in popular culture


State funeral

Riderless horse
attending dignitaries


Gravesite and Eternal Flame





Legacy



John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum (Boston)
1964 Civil Rights Act
Apollo 11 Moon landing
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Kennedy Space Center (Florida)
Kennedy Round
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
VISTA
Cultural depictions

films
Kennedy half dollar
U.S. postage stamps
U.S. five cent stamp
Lincoln–Kennedy coincidences


Operation Sail





Memorials,
namesakes



Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington DC)
JK College (Mauritius)
Kennedy Expressway (Chicago)
JFK International Airport (New York)
JFK Memorial (Dallas)
JFK Memorial Bridge (Kentucky–Indiana)
JFK School of Government (Harvard Univ.)
JFK Special Warfare Center and School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina)
JFK University (California)
JFK Memorial (Runnymede, Britain)
Yad Kennedy (Jerusalem)
USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)
USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79)
MV John F. Kennedy





Family



Jacqueline Bouvier (wife)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy Jr.

son
plane crash


Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (father)
Rose Fitzgerald (mother)
Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (brother)
Rosemary Kennedy (sister)
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (sister)
Eunice Kennedy Shriver (sister)
Patricia Kennedy Lawford (sister)
Robert F. Kennedy (brother)
Jean Kennedy Smith (sister)
Ted Kennedy (brother)
P. J. Kennedy (grandfather)
John F. Fitzgerald (grandfather)








← Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lyndon B. Johnson →


 Category












v
t
e


Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis



Family



John F. Kennedy (first husband, presidency)
Caroline Kennedy (daughter)
John F. Kennedy, Jr. (son)
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (son)
Jack Schlossberg (grandson)
Rose Schlossberg (granddaughter)
Aristotle Onassis (second husband)
Janet Lee Bouvier (mother)
John Vernou Bouvier III (father)
Lee Radziwill (sister)
Hugh D. Auchincloss (stepfather)
Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd (half-sister)
Edith Ewing Bouvier (aunt)










Life events



Hammersmith Farm
Kennedy Compound
First Lady of the United States

White House restoration
Televised White House tour
White House Historical Association
White House Curator
Committee for the Preservation of the White House
Resolute desk


Assassination of John F. Kennedy
State funeral of John F. Kennedy
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Eternal Flame and burial site





Fashion



Wedding dress of Jacqueline Bouvier
The bouffant hairstyle
Pillbox hat
Pink Chanel suit





Honors and
memorials



Jacqueline Kennedy Garden
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School ballet





Other



Cultural depictions
Jackie O (1997 opera)
Jackie (2016 film)












v
t
e


Kennedy family



I.




Patrick Kennedy (c. 1823 – 1858)



Patrick Joseph 'P. J.' Kennedy








II.




P. J. Kennedy (1858–1929)



Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.








III.




Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. (1888–1969)
Rose Kennedy (1890–1995)



Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.
John F. Kennedy (m.) Jacqueline Bouvier
Rosemary Kennedy
Kathleen Kennedy (m.) William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington
Eunice Kennedy (m.) Sargent Shriver
Patricia Kennedy (m./div.) Peter Lawford
Robert F. Kennedy (m.) Ethel Kennedy
Jean Kennedy (m.) Stephen Edward Smith
Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy (m./div. 1st) Joan Bennett; (m. 2nd) Victoria Reggie








IV.




John Fitzgerald Kennedy (1917–1963)



Caroline Kennedy (m.) Edwin Schlossberg
John F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Carolyn Bessette
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy





Eunice Kennedy Shriver (1921–2009)



Bobby Shriver
Maria Shriver (m./sep.) Arnold Schwarzenegger
Timothy Shriver
Mark Shriver
Anthony Shriver





Patricia Kennedy Lawford (1924–2006)



Christopher Lawford





Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968)



Kathleen Kennedy Townsend
Joseph P. Kennedy II
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (m.) Cheryl Hines
David A. Kennedy
Courtney Kennedy Hill
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
Kerry Kennedy (m./div.) Andrew Cuomo
Christopher G. Kennedy
Max Kennedy
Douglas Harriman Kennedy
Rory Kennedy





Jean Kennedy Smith (born 1928)



William Kennedy Smith





Ted Kennedy (1932–2009)



Kara Kennedy
Edward M. Kennedy Jr.
Patrick J. Kennedy








VI.



Rose Schlossberg
Jack Schlossberg
Katherine Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger
Joseph P. Kennedy III





Related topics



Hickory Hill
Kennedy Compound
Kennedy curse
Merchandise Mart
The Kennedys (museum)





Category

Kennedy family




m. = married; div. = divorced; sep. = separated.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 73930660
LCCN: n93067737
ISNI: 0000 0000 3211 7044
GND: 119187752
SUDOC: 032684444
BNF: cb12366658m (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_F._Kennedy_Jr.&oldid=791314122"					
Categories: 1960 births1999 deathsAccidental deaths in MassachusettsAmerican magazine foundersAmerican magazine publishers (people)American socialitesAviators from New YorkAviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesBouvier familyBrown University alumniChildren of Presidents of the United StatesKennedy familyNew York lawyersNew York University School of Law alumniPeople from the Upper East SidePhillips Academy alumniCollegiate School (New York) alumniWriters from New York CityWriters from Washington, D.C.20th-century American lawyersVictims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsFind a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 12:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











PATRICK, JOHN L JR & SHIRLEY M - SAINT HELENA ISLAND, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



SAINT HELENA ISLAND



Business Consulting, Nec



Business Consulting, Nec



                            PATRICK, JOHN L JR & SHIRLEY M
                                    



 





















P 


PATRICK, JOHN L JR & SHIRLEY M
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



88 BALL PARK RD SAINT HELENA ISLAND, SC 29920
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $69,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Consulting, Nec
 Contacts JOHN L PATRICK JR







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















John J. Patrick Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:58 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
John J. Patrick Jr.Chairman, CEO and President, First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships58$1,619,629As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. John J. Patrick, Jr. has been the Chairman of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. since 2011 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer and President. Mr. Patrick has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Farmington Bank since March 2008 and also has been its Chairman of the board since July 2008. Mr. Patrick served as the President of Connecticut Operations at TD Bank US Holding Company (formerly, TD Banknorth Inc.) until March 2008. He serves as a Director ... of Hartford HealthCare Corporation. Prior to this, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of TD Banknorth Connecticut. He serves as Vice Chairman at The Hospital of Central Connecticut. He serves as Director of Vantis Insurance Company, located in Windsor, Connecticut, as well as several other community organizations. Mr. Patrick's extensive experience in the local banking industry and involvement in business and civic organizations in the communities in which Farmington Bank serves, affords the board of directors valuable insight regarding the business and operations of Farmington Bank. Mr. Patrick was named one of Hartford’s 50 Most Influential People in 2010 by Hartford Magazine and received the 2009 Greater Hartford Human Relations Award from the National Conference for Community and Justice of Connecticut and Western Massachusetts. He also was named Distinguished Citizen of the Year by the Connecticut Rivers Boy Scout Council and the New Britain Chamber of Commerce and received the Civic Achievement Award from Yeshiva New Haven. Mr. Patrick graduated from Central Connecticut State University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He attended the New England College of Banking at Williams College and obtained a graduate degree in banking and financial services from Bentley College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Farm Glen BoulevardFarmington, Connecticut 06032United StatesPhone: 860-676-4600Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorHartford HealthCare CorporationChairman of the Board, CEO & PresidentFarmington BankChairman, CEO and PresidentFirst Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.
Education
Unknown/Other Education Williams CollegeBachelor's Degree Bentley UniversityBBA Central Connecticut State University
Other Affiliations
TD Bank US Holding CompanyWilliams CollegeBentley UniversityHartford HealthCare CorporationThe Hospital of Central ConnecticutFarmington BankCentral Connecticut State University


Annual Compensation
Salary$527,875Total Annual Compensation$527,875
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$104,673Exercisable Options$344,621Total Number of Options$344,621
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$932,557Total Short Term Compensation$527,875Other Long Term Compensation$104,673Total Calculated Compensation$1,619,629




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationThomas J. Murphy CPAChief Executive Officer, President & DirectorArrow Financial Corporation$366.0KRobert H. Gaughen Jr., Esq.Chairman, President & CEOHingham Institution for Savings$1.1MCurtis C. Simard Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Bar Harbor Bankshares$464.0KJohn P. Clancy Jr.CEO, Director, CEO of Enterprise Bank & Trust Co. and Director of Enterprise Bank & Trust Co.Enterprise Bancorp, Inc.$486.0KWilliam M. Parent CEO, President and DirectorBlue Hills Bancorp, Inc.$500.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Upcoming Public Hearings in Pending Cases | ATR | Department of Justice



















Skip to main content










En Espanol

en Español



Stay Connected with Justice:

Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Email
 




Search form

Search 




 


Main menu

Home
AboutThe Attorney General
Budget & Performance
History
Privacy Program

AgenciesOrganizational Chart
Alphabetical Listing

ResourcesBusiness
Forms
Publications
Information for Victims in Large Cases

NewsPress Releases
Blogs
Public Schedule
Videos
Photos

CareersLegal Careers
Interns, Recent Graduates, and Fellows
Veteran Recruitment

Contact










You are hereHome » Antitrust Division 






Share


Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn


Digg


Reddit


StumbleUpon


Pinterest


Email









Antitrust Division

Antitrust Division Home
What's New
Press Room
About the Division
Public Documents
Events
Antitrust Case Filings
Employment
Antitrust FOIA
Contact Information
Report Violations
 




Upcoming Public Hearings in Pending Cases


 

On this page:
Overview
Hearings by product or service
Hearing details (in alphabetical order by defendant name)
Overview
Under the law, victims of Federal crimes such as antitrust violations are entitled to certain rights. These rights include the right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding involving the crime; the right not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding unless the court determines that testimony by the victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at the proceeding; and the right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding.
This page lists named defendants (and products or industries involved) in pending cases prosecuted by the Antitrust Division for which public court proceedings are scheduled and for which the court has approved victim notification through this webpage.
Note: Hearing dates and times are subject to last-minute change. Although every effort has been made to provide current information, before attending a hearing you may wish to phone the court directly to confirm.
Hearings by Product or Service
Art dealers e-commerce
David Topkins
Electrolytic capacitors
ELNA Co., Ltd.
Matsuo Electric Co., Ltd.
Satoshi Okubo
Foreign currency exchange (FX)
Chistopher Cummins
Hardware manufacturing
Kiekert AG
Heir location services
Richard A. Blake, Jr.
Brandenburger & Davis, et al.
Motor vehicle gasoline engine and engine parts manufacturing
Usui Kokusai Sangyo Kaisha Ltd.
Packaged seafood
Bumble Bee Foods, LLC
Walter Scott Cameron
Stephen L. Hodge 
Kenneth Worsham
Real estate foreclosure auctions
Gary Anderson
Patrick Campion
Kuo Hsuan “Chuck” Chang
Gilbert Chung
James Doherty
Alvin Florida, Jr., et al.
Lydia Fong
Thomas Franciose
Florence Fung
John Michael Galloway, et al.
Leslie Gee
Joseph J. Giraudo
Charles Gonzales
Keith Goodman
Stan Kahan
Troy Kent
Robert Kramer
Eric Larsen
Thomas Legault
Wayne Lippman
Craig Lipton
Michael Marr, et al.
Peter McDonough
Brian McKinzie
Norman Montalvo
Douglas Moore
Michael Navone
Henri Pessah
Mohammed Rezaian
Bradley Roemer
Daniel Rosenbledt
Laith Salma
Rudolph Silva
Garry Wan
Robert Williams
Hilton Wong
Jaime Wong
Matthew Worthing
Ramin Rad "Ray" Yeganeh
Gernot Sebastian Zepernick
Hearing Details
Hearings are listed in alphabetical order by defendant name.
U.S. v. Gary Anderson
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Richard A. Blake, Jr.
Product or service: Heir location services

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
August 15, 2017
			9:00 a.m. Central
Everett McKinley Dirksen Bldg.
			United States Courthouse
			Courtroom 1419
			Judge John J. Tharp, Jr.
			219 S. Dearborn Street
			Chicago, IL
			(312) 435-5573
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Brandenburger & Davis, et al.
Product or service: Heir location services

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
August 16, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Central
Everett McKinley Dirksen
			U.S. Courthouse
			Room 2103
			Judge Matthew F. Kennelly
			219 S. Dearborn Street
			Chicago, IL
			(312) 435-5618
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Bumble Bee Foods, LLC
Product or service: Packaged Seafood

Hearing


Date and Time


Location


Initial appearance

August 2, 2017
			9:30 a.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom E, 15th Floor
			Magistrate Judge Elizabeth D. Laporte
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-3694

Change of plea hearing

August 2, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 5, 17th Floor
			Judge Edward M. Chen
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-3694

Sentencing hearing

August 2, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 5, 17th Floor
			Judge Edward M. Chen
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-3694
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Walter Scott Cameron
Product or service: Packaged seafood

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
October 4, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 5, 17th Floor
			Judge Edward M. Chen
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			415-522-2034
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Patrick Campion
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Kuo Hsuan "Chuck" Chang 
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Gilbert Chung
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Christopher Cummins
Product or service: Foreign currency exchange (FX)

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
November 3, 2017
			10:00 a.m. Eastern
Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse
			Courtroom 1305
			Honorable Paul A. Engelmayer
			40 Foley Square
			New York, NY
			(212) 805-0268
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. James Doherty
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. ELNA Co., Ltd.
Product or service: Electrolytic capacitors

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Trial
November 6, 2017
			9:00 a.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 11, 19th Floor
			Honorable James Donato
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2066
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Alvin Florida, Jr., et al.
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions
Defendants: Alvin Florida, Jr., Robert Alhashash Rasheed, John Lee Berry, III , a/k/a “JB”, Refugio Diaz , a/k/a “Cuco”, Stephan Alexander Florida

Hearing


Date and Time


Location


Sentencing hearing [Defendant: Alvin Florida, Jr.]

July 26, 2017
			10:30 a.m. Pacific

Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 11, 19th Floor
			Honorable James Donato
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(415) 522-2066

Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Lydia Fong 
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Thomas Franciose
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
September 27, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Florence Fung
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. John Michael Galloway, et al.
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions
Defendants: John Michael Galloway, Nicholas Diaz, Glenn Guillory, Thomas Joyce

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing [Defendant: Glenn Guillory]
September 6, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Leslie Gee
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
August 16, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Joseph J. Giraudo
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions
Defendants: Joseph J. Giraudo, Raymond A. Grinsell, Kevin B. Cullinane, James F. Appendrodt, Abraham S. Farag

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Motion and trial setting hearing
August 4, 2017
			11:00 a.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Charles Gonzales
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
August 16, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Keith Goodman
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Stephen L. Hodge
Product or service: Packaged seafood

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
March 28, 2018
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 5, 17th Floor
			Honarable Edward M. Chen
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2034
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Stan Kahan
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
August 30, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Troy Kent
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Eric Larsen
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing and date of judgment hearing
September 13, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Thomas Legault
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
September 20, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Wayne Lippman
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
October 11, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Craig Lipton
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Michael Marr, et al.
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions
Defendants: Michael Marr, Javier Sanchez, Gregory Casorso, Victor Marr

Hearing


Date and Time


Location


Trial (jury selection) [Defendant: Victor Marr]

August 14, 2017
			8:30 a.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296

Trial [Defendant: Victor Marr]

August 14-25, 2017
			8:30 a.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296

Status hearing

September 21, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296

Sentencing hearing [Defendant: Michael Marr]

October 4, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296

Sentencing hearing [Defendant: Javier Sanchez]

October 11, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296

Sentencing hearing [Defendant: Gregory Casorso]

November 1, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Matsuo Electric Co., Ltd.
Product or service: Electrolytic capacitors

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing and plea hearing
August 9, 2017
			10:30 a.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 11, 19th Floor
			Honorable James Donato
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2066
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Peter McDonough
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
August 23, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Brian McKinzie
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
October 4, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hmailton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-3639
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Norman Montalvo
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Douglas Moore
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
September 6, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Michael Navone 
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Satoshi Okubo
Product or service:Price fixing of electrolytic capacitors

Hearing


Date and Time


Location


Motion hearing (Self-Surrender hearing)


July 28, 2017
			2:00 p.m. Pacific


Philip Burton Federal Building
			Hon. James Donato
			Courtroom 11, 19th Floor
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415)-522-2066

Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Henri Pessah
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Phillip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Mohammed Rezaian
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Bradley Roemer
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
September 27, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Honorable Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Daniel Rosenbledt
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Laith Salma
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Rudolph Silva
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
July 26, 2017
			9:30 a.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. David Topkins
Product or service: Art dealers e-commerce

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 14, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 2, 17th Floor
			Judge William H. Orrick
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2077
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Robert Williams
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Hilton Wong
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
September 6, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Jaime Wong
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
September 20, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Kenneth Worsham
Product or service: Packaged seafood

Hearing


Date and Time


Location


Sentencing hearing


October 4, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific


Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 5, 17th Floor
			Honarable Edward M. Chen
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2034

Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Matthew Worthing
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Status hearing
September 19, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Philip Burton Federal Building
			Courtroom 6, 17th Floor
			Judge Charles R. Breyer
			450 Golden Gate Avenue
			San Francisco, CA
			(415) 522-2062
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Ramin Rad "Ray" Yeganeh
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Trial (pre-trial conference)
August 2, 2017
			2:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Trial (jury selection)
August 14, 2017
			8:30 a.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Sentencing hearing; Jury selection; Trial
October 18, 2017
			1:30 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
U.S. v. Gernot Sebastian Zepernick
Product or service: Real estate foreclosure auctions

Hearing


Date and Time


Location

Sentencing hearing
July 26,2017
			2:00 p.m. Pacific
Oakland Federal Courthouse
			Courtroom 3, 3rd Floor
			Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
			1301 Clay St.
			Oakland, CA
			(510) 637-1296
Related page: Documents associated with this case
Attachments:  Download Victim Hearing RSS 
Updated July 27, 2017











Search Antitrust Division
















Comment on Division Cases 

File an NCRPA Notification 

Report Anticompetitive Conduct After a Natural Disaster 

Report Antitrust Violations 



Request a Business Review 

Request Public Documents 

Website Comments and Suggestions 




















Criminal Enforcement 

Economic Analysis Group 



International Program 

Merger Enforcement 








Skip social media plugins

  View our tweets on twitter.com









Get E-Mail Updates

Subscribe to News Feeds

Follow @JusticeATR











2017 Division Update 

Antitrust Sites Worldwide 

Competition and Real Estate 

Compliance Assistance for Business 

Division Manual 

EAG Papers 



Economic Recovery 

Guidelines and Policy Statements 

Leniency Program 

Microsoft Case Filings 

Victims’ Rights 









To view PDF files on this website you need the free Adobe Reader






 



























Antitrust Division | Department of Justice




















Skip to main content










En Espanol

en Español



Stay Connected with Justice:

Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Email
 




Search form

Search 




 


Main menu

Home
AboutThe Attorney General
Budget & Performance
History
Privacy Program

AgenciesOrganizational Chart
Alphabetical Listing

ResourcesBusiness
Forms
Publications
Information for Victims in Large Cases

NewsPress Releases
Blogs
Public Schedule
Videos
Photos

CareersLegal Careers
Interns, Recent Graduates, and Fellows
Veteran Recruitment

Contact










You are hereHome 






Share


Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn


Digg


Reddit


StumbleUpon


Pinterest


Email









Antitrust Division

Antitrust Division Home
What's New
Press Room
About the Division
Public Documents
Events
Antitrust Case Filings
Employment
Antitrust FOIA
Contact Information
Report Violations
 




Antitrust Division


          Antitrust Division      


















Caption: U.S. District Court Blocks EnergySolutions’ Acquisition of Waste Control Specialists


Link: READ MORE













Caption: Deere Abandons Proposed Acquisition of Precision Planting from Monsanto


Link: READ MORE













Caption: D.C. Circuit Affirms Decision Blocking Anthem’s Acquisition of Cigna


Link:  READ MORE
















Link: READ MORE







Prev
Play
Pause
Next











Meet the Director



 Meet the Acting Assistant Attorney General 
  
 Andrew C. Finch 
 Acting Assistant Attorney General 
 Andrew C. Finch serves as Acting Assistant Attorney General responsible for overseeing the Antitrust Division.
 
 LEARN MORE  

 



Antitrust Division News



 July 26, 2017 
 Press Release 
 Northern California Real Estate Investor Sentenced to Prison for Rigging Bids at Public Foreclosure Auctions  

 July 17, 2017 
 Press Release 
 Three Former Traders for Major Banks Arraigned in Foreign Currency Exchange Antitrust Conspiracy  

 July 12, 2017 
 Press Release 
 Department of Justice Statement on the Closing of its Investigation Into the Possible Acquisition of Chicago Sun-Times by Owner of Chicago Tribune  

 July 11, 2017 
 Press Release 
 Seventh Company Agrees to Plead Guilty for Fixing Prices of Electrolytic Capacitors  

 June 28, 2017 
 Press Release 
 Former Packaged Seafood Executive Pleads Guilty to Price Fixing   


 
 




MORE NEWS ANTITRUST BLOG





Recent Antitrust Case Filings

July 12, 2017U.S. v. Danone and WhiteWave





Antitrust Guidance for Human Resource Professionals 

October, 2016Antitrust Red Flags for Employment Practices







Search Antitrust Division
















Comment on Division Cases 

File an NCRPA Notification 

Report Anticompetitive Conduct After a Natural Disaster 

Report Antitrust Violations 



Request a Business Review 

Request Public Documents 

Website Comments and Suggestions 




















Criminal Enforcement 

Economic Analysis Group 



International Program 

Merger Enforcement 








Skip social media plugins

  View our tweets on twitter.com









Get E-Mail Updates

Subscribe to News Feeds

Follow @JusticeATR











2017 Division Update 

Antitrust Sites Worldwide 

Competition and Real Estate 

Compliance Assistance for Business 

Division Manual 

EAG Papers 



Economic Recovery 

Guidelines and Policy Statements 

Leniency Program 

Microsoft Case Filings 

Victims’ Rights 









To view PDF files on this website you need the free Adobe Reader
































Security Check Required





Jump toSection of this PageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menuFacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited









































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







