

Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman




















James P. Patton

                                                            	America's Business Repairman has revitalized failing subsidiaries of Fortune 1000 companies and manufacturers the world over and distills his hard-earned lessons into down-to-earth ideas you can put into practice every day.
                                                            






Life in the Turn Lane

                                                            	A story of personal and corporate turnarounds and the principles that make them happen.
                                                            






Gov. Mike Huckabee:

                                                            	 ''Jim Patton's book is the kind of American success story I love to read.  He not only reveals his principles for turning around the economic fortunes of distressed businesses, he also speaks to those in need of a turnaround in their personal lives. Jim shows how faith and perseverance are the essential elements of fulfilling any dream you may have.''
                                                            






James P. Patton

                                                            	Turn Little Thinking into Big Ideas.
                                                            






The Billion-DollarRepairman

                                                            	Turning around distressed companies is not only Jim's profession, but it's also a metaphor for his life.
                                                            






Make a You Turn

                                                            	"...His faith and the way He walks with God is consistent not only in his personal life but in his public acts as well."
                                                            



























1
Patton Principle 1
Deny Denial, and Face the Facts.

                                        Refusing to own up a problem, only makes 
										it worse. The situation won't go away 
										unless you take action. Better to get it 
										over with than let a problem become a 
										crisis that becomes a disaster.
read more






2
Patton Principle 2
Bury the Temptation to be Dishonest.

                                        Good character wil cover a multitude of 
										sins by helping you avoid them. Nothing 
										you might gain in the short run through 
										dishonesty is worth what is most 
										certainly will cost you in the long run.
read more






40
Patton Principle 40
When there's a way, find the will.

                                        Often, the difference between those who 
										achieve "the impossible" is not just 
										knowing how to make the necessary 
										changes but having the determination to 
										follow through and  get it done.
read more







                                     














The Billion-Dollar Repairman
Nashville Business 
								Journal calls him the "billion-dollar 
								repairman"
Jim Patton is founder and 
								senior managing partner of KPAC Solutions, a 
								private equity firm that acquires distressed 
								manufacturers and turns them into profitable 
								manufacturing powerhouses. Many have been ailing 
								subsidiaries of Fortune-1000 firms that, in the 
								hands of Jim and his team, become world leaders 
								in their industries. 


















JIM ABOUT HIS BOOK





                         
                    









PATTON PRINCIPLES





                         
                    









LIFE IN THE TURNLANE





                         
                    





























Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman












Life in the Turn Lane










Turn Little Thinking into Big Ideas
 

                      	Jim Patton thought he was dreaming big. His first 
						"life-long" financial goal was to make $20 an hour. But 
						latent business savvy, his Wall Street Journal 
						"education", and God's plan for his career intervened, 
						and now he makes more than that every minute.On 
						his way to managing mergers and acquisitions for 
						billion-dollar companies, Patton discovered how to 
						navigate the curves that otherwise turn hopes into fears 
						and dreams into nightmares. He learned mostly the hard 
						way - getting fired from his first job, losing everything 
						in a major acquisition, and watching a partner walk away 
						with profits that should have been his - but through Life 
						in the Turn Lane, he shares priceless lessons so you can 
						move ahead less painfully than he did.Patton 
						recounts how he educated himself by reading The Wall 
						Street Journal - a publication that he thought, when he 
						first heard of it, was a book. He learned to revitalize 
						failing subsidiaries of Fortune 1000 companies and make 
						them profitable, and now, turning around companies 
						nobody wants is his profession - and a metaphor for his 
						life.

                      			In Life in the Turn Lane, Jim highlights his 
								story with practical and poignant ideas you can 
								use to build your own success story:

40 "Patton Principles" to equip you for 
						daily and long-term success
"Turning Points" to show how life sets 
						up the next great step if you keep your eyes on the road
10 "Business Directives" to help you 
						negotiate the major turns and potholes that every 
						businessperson comes to sooner or later
His view on what America must do in 
						order to revive from its manufacturing doldrums and 
						remain the "envy of the world"



More about Jim...


							 40
Jim's 40 Principles
                         Success happens step by diligent step. To help keep you moving in the right direction every day, take to heart Jim's principles for business and life. 
						  Read More



							 K
KPAC Solutions
                          KPAC is a  private equity firm, founded by 
						  Jim Patton, that acquires distressed manufacturers and 
						  turns them into profitable powerhouses. 
						  Read More



							 B
Jim's Beliefs
                          Whatever professional success I've enjoyed pales in 
						  comparison to the joy of knowing Jesus Christ as my 
						  Savior and Lord, and to Him I give all the thanks, 
						  honor, and glory. Read More



                                     




























Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman












News










 Endorsements

Gov. Mike Huckabee Endorses Life in the Turn 
						Lane:"Jim Patton's book is the kind of 
						American success story I love to read. He not only 
						reveals his principles for turning around the economic 
						fortunes of distressed businesses, he also speaks to 
						those in need of a turnaround in their personal lives. 
						Jim shows how faith and perseverance are the essential 
						elements of fulfilling any dream you may have."

Alfonzo D. Alexander, Chief Relationship Officer, 
						National Association of State Boards of Accountancy and 
						Youth Encouragement Services Board Member"I have a tremendous amount of respect for Jim 
						as a man and a brother in Christ. He exhibits a unique 
						combination of humility, generosity and servitude...By the 
						world's standards, Jim has cause to be prideful, yet he 
						is humble. I have seen Jim give significant amounts of 
						his time, talents and treasure in complete anonymity, 
						because he prefers to get his rewards in heaven versus 
						accolades on earth…reading Jim's book has been an 
						awesome pleasure for me. His description of his life and 
						lessons he has learned are both entertaining and 
						educational. It is a true blessing for him to share his 
						Patton Principles and his formula for success. Life in 
						the Turn Lane is a great read for anyone interested in 
						achieving success in a way that is pleasing to God." 
Dr. Edwin Blum, General Editor 
						of the Holman Christian Standard Bible"Anyone who reads this book and takes the principles 
						into his own life will certainly be equipped to make 
						progress in any field and avoid many mistakes…Highly 
						recommended." 
						Joe Greene, Founder & Chairman Emeritus, CEO Fellowship:"This is a must read book if you love specific 
						suggestions on how to evaluate, buy or turn around a 
						manufacturing business with God's guidance." 






                                     


Eight Amazon Reviews/5 Stars for Life in 
						the Turn Lane 5.0 out of 5 
						stars Life in the Turn Lane…a great read, July 13, 
						2011
phil:
					  From the intro., Jim Patton seems like someone I 
					  would want to meet.His life experiences are amazingly much 
					  like my own as I am a business owner, giving him much 
					  credibility.His tales of not only mistakes, but what he 
					  learned from them is exciting to anyone who has a passion 
					  for business.The end of the book shows many of the 
					  financial ratios he uses to determine the true value of a 
					  business, some ratios contain his own variations. Two 
					  major flaws with the book are 1)it ended, and 2) he has 
					  only written one book!
5.0 out of 5 
						stars Life in the Turn Lane…a great read, November 12, 
						2010
						Robert W. Carter "Papa Bob": Life in the Turn 
						Lane by Jim Patton is a fantastic story of Jim's life 
						and his journey to becoming a Christian and very 
						successful businessman. It is humorous at times and very 
						heart warming too when you see the trials and 
						tribulations this man experienced in his journey.
5.0 out of 5 stars Godly inspired, November 11, 2010

Sandi Atkinson (Nashville, TN, US):Very 
						easy reading. Can identify very easly with his life. 
						Inspiring one to go out in the world and do what God has 
						designed for you to do. Giving Him the glory.
5.0 
						out of 5 stars Five Stars!, November 6, 2010 

Lee:Jim's book is a great encouragement for 
						anyone who reads it. He hit bottom and came up very 
						successful. He shares his business secrets; how he does 
						it. Wow! The principles Jim has learned can be applied 
						to any endeavor in life. I enjoyed reading this book and 
						will refer back to it from time to time.
5.0 out 
						of 5 stars Turning Point, October 10, 2010
doll53:I loved this book. It is great to know 
						that someone without a college degree can accomplish 
						such great things. I like most about his finally 
						realizing God is in control and this helped him 
						understand his journey better. Anyone that needs to sell 
						their company should definately use his company.
5.0 out of 5 stars Learning Life's Lessons, October 7, 
						2010
Edwin Blum:I just finished reading 
						Jim Patton's book -Life in the Turn Lane. I am impressed 
						with Jim's honesty and with his development. Anyone who 
						reads this book and takes the principles into his own 
						life plans will certainly be equipped to make progress 
						in any field and avoid many mistakes. Not everyone will 
						be as successful as Jim Patton because he has a number 
						of advantages – he is a constant learner; he is 
						diligent; he has his home life in order; and he has 
						grown in his faith. He has also concentrated in a field 
						he know something about. Highly recommended.
5.0 
						out of 5 stars Reach for the Stars, October 5, 2010


Susan McDonald:Jim Patton's Life in the 
						Turn Lane reads as a "how to" book for entrepreneurs, 
						business people and also ordinary citizens like me. His 
						honesty, hunger for knowledge, value for life and walk 
						with God have taken him to heights beyond the 
						imagination in his turn around of failing companies into 
						business successes. His mistakes along the way, viewed 
						as blessings not barriers, are shared openly and with 
						humility which gives the reader a sense of the American 
						"I can" spirit. This book is riveting, informative and 
						encourages each of us to strive for our goals, no matter 
						how distant they may seem. As Jim Patton says, "It's in 
						our DNA to reach for the stars".5.0 out of 5 
						stars Life in the Turn Lane: A Story of Personal and 
						Corporate Turnarounds and the Principles that Make Them 
						Happen, September 9, 2010
Rob Phillips:I first heard Jim Patton's amazing life story over lunch 
						one day when I was just getting to know this man from my 
						Sunday school class. I was captivated by how this 
						soft-spoken and unassuming man had gone — almost 
						literally — from rags to riches as a self-taught 
						entrepreneur who learned the cut-throat mergers and 
						acquisitions game by reading the Wall St. Journal and 
						venturing into his first deal (which went badly, by the 
						way). Learning from his mistakes, and truly seeking 
						God's direction for his life, Patton became a successful 
						leader in buying distressed manufacturers and turning 
						them around. His business ups and downs parallel his 
						spiritual life. This is no name-it-and-claim-it 
						prosperity gospel; it is, instead, a refreshingly honest 
						account of one man's personal journey, from which he 
						shares rare insights into successful business and 
						spiritual walks. Patton is the real thing. There is 
						nothing pretentious about him. He doesn't take himself 
						too seriously. He quickly admits his shortcomings and 
						credits others with playing key roles in his success. 
						And he lives the way most of us can only pretend to live 
						— declaring that God owns all of him and all that he 
						has. Ultimately, his life story — and the Patton 
						Principles imbedded in it — will help readers see how 
						God works through success and failure to shape a truly 
						amazing life.Initial post: Sept. 15, 2010 8:44 
						PM PDT
Zhengrong Li:I went to Mr. 
						Jim Patton's beautiful home in Brentwood this late 
						afternoon for his new book's signing. I finished reading 
						his new book with non-stop by midnight. It's a great 
						book for us younger generation to have a big dream, then 
						work hard. Everything is possible in the Hands of God!
I highly recommend this book for those who have a 
						dream!Charles Li
 


News Stories about Jim and Life in the Turn Lane


700 Club Interactive: Jim shares how he went from being a repairman to a billionaire

Lean CEO: How to Save American Manufacturing Jobs


For Faith 
& Family: National radio program host Dwayne Hastings interview Jim


Southern Exposure Magazine:  On Track with the Billion-Dollar Repairman


The City Paper: Going Global

Life with Purpose Radio :  Jim Patton – Life in the Turn Lane

The Business Authors Show:  Life in the Turn Lane

Baptist & Reflector: Baptist layman, entrepreneur recounts business, spiritual journey (Part 1)

Baptist & Reflector: Baptist layman, entrepreneur recounts business, spiritual journey (Part 2)


The Tennessean: Entrepreneur overcomes failures to find success


Williamson Herald:  'Life in the Turn Lane' is a roadmap for personal and financial success 


Nashville Business Journal:  Book release: Brentwood business owner offers 'turnaround' lessons in new book

Baptist Press:  Putting First Things First  


Nashville Lifestyles: Jim Patton Signing


CollegePlus!: The "Billion-dollar Repairman" Shares Tactics for Aspiring Entrepreneurs 


CollegePlus!: 10 Business Directives for Entrepreneurs From the "Billion-dollar Repairman"

Life in the Turn Lane also has been promoted on radio stations in Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Missouri, New York and Wisconsin.















Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman












Chapter 9 Excerpt










Turn Little Thinking into Big Ideas
 

Turning Around Fortune 1000-owned 
						Companies"If you terminate your contract with 
						BellSouth, we will follow you wherever you go and to any 
						other career you pursue. You can count on BellSouth 
						being there to ruin you!"Maybe this is going to 
						be more difficult than I thought.Up until Wright 
						& Lopez President Rick Boyle and I walked into the 
						BellSouth operations office in Birmingham, Alabama that 
						Monday morning, no one had ever terminated a contract 
						with one of the Ma Bells.The general manager of 
						BellSouth's Birmingham operations was dead serious. Not 
						only did he mean to carry out his threat, but I knew he 
						had the title and the muscle to back it up. Maybe I was 
						in over my head. After all, who was I to be the first 
						service provider ever to quit on a BellSouth contract?
Every BellSouth manager in the room offered his or 
						her own version of an unfriendly smirk, while Rick and I 
						slowly went pale. The GM was adamant he was not about to 
						allow our company to leave BellSouth in the lurch.
At the time, neither Rick nor I fully understood 
						what kind of disaster our withdrawal would cause 
						BellSouth, but we were about to find out. He and I 
						planned to meet with BellSouth executives in all the 
						markets where Wright & Lopez had contracts with the 
						telecommunications company. Birmingham, our first stop, 
						was a major regional operations center for BellSouth in 
						the early nineties.The corporation Mike and I 
						formed completed the acquisition of Wright & Lopez on a 
						Friday, and the following Monday Rick and I were on 
						center stage in the Birmingham conference room. More 
						than a dozen executives were waiting for us when we 
						walked in. Rick knew most of them, so the only 
						introductions were of the top regional BellSouth 
						officers and me as we sat around a large conference 
						table. The meeting was formal, with no friendly smiles 
						from either side.As all eyes turned to me, I 
						showed the BellSouth executives our exit clause and told 
						them in eighty-nine days we would pull out more than one 
						hundred fifty employees, all their related equipment, 
						and our around-the-clock support, which was available 
						365 days a year. You could hear a pin drop (even though 
						it wasn't a Sprint meeting). In a whisper that became 
						vicious as his volume increased, the BellSouth GM made 
						his spiteful threat to ruin me if I attempted to 
						withdraw."Let me be clear," I replied. "We will 
						be gone in ninety days because we're not making money 
						here."
Rick and I had arranged this meeting under 
						the auspices of introducing me as one of the two new 
						owners, but my real purpose was to point out the 
						explicit language in our contract that allowed us to 
						give ninety days notice if we wanted to terminate the 
						relationship. Prior to purchasing Wright & Lopez, I 
						learned that BellSouth's corporate and regional offices 
						knew Wright & Lopez was losing a great deal of money 
						every month because of the new contract, which had been 
						signed a year prior to my involvement.Pleas from 
						Wright & Lopez to BellSouth for relief from the 
						ridiculously low prices in the contract - which should 
						never have been submitted - fell on deaf ears. While 
						Wright & Lopez won these contracts through competitive 
						bidding, everyone at BellSouth knew the company was 
						dripping in red ink, but Wright & Lopez appeared to be 
						trapped.As far as BellSouth was concerned, there 
						was no way out. Like it or not, Wright & Lopez had to 
						perform for the next three years of the contract. 
						BellSouth was such a large customer that to do otherwise 
						would have been suicide for Wright & Lopez, and the 
						telecommunications management knew it. In fact, they 
						seemed all too happy about it.From the 
						standpoint of our original acquisition strategy, the 
						ninety-day deadline to cut losses was an absolute 
						necessity. Rick's management team immediately made 
						appointments with each BellSouth customer. Located in 
						five different cities, each held the same basic contract 
						as Birmingham. BellSouth was by far our largest 
						customer, and with those contracts we simply had to stop 
						the bleeding. If we didn't, from the ninety-first day 
						going forward, each day of losses would be coming out of 
						Mike's and my pockets.The other BellSouth 
						operations with which we had contracts were instructed 
						to let the Birmingham office handle termination issues 
						related to Wright & Lopez, but we continued visiting the 
						other regional BellSouth offices, delivering the 
						identical message. Although every one of them thought I 
						was bluffing, I assured them they were dead wrong and 
						shouldn't underestimate our commitment to exercise the 
						option to withdraw. Yet no matter how strongly we stated 
						our intentions, nothing seemed to faze them.
						Early in the process of acquiring Wright & Lopez, I 
						believed I could make two million dollars. There were 
						many variables - among them getting BellSouth to agree to 
						a price increase - but in the worst-case scenario, if 
						everything fell apart with the customer and employee 
						base, I calculated that liquidation would net at least 
						one and a half million. I had checked my math too many 
						times to be wrong, which is what gave me the confidence 
						to hold firm in my chess match with BellSouth.
Patton Principle #33: Have a good fall-back position so 
						falling back won't hurt.Make plans to win no matter 
						what. When your worst-case scenario still paints a 
						profitable picture, you can move ahead confidently 
						regardless of the "downside."Payroll for 
						Wright & Lopez's three hundred employees was almost five 
						hundred thousand dollars every two weeks. The first week 
						under Mike's and my ownership, we discovered we were 
						liable for an additional payroll period we had not 
						anticipated. Fortunately, I was able to get Triarc to 
						cover the payroll funds, amazed at God's continued 
						blessings and provision. Our deal was structured so that 
						Triarc would provide the first ninety days of working 
						capital since we all recognized the losses could not be 
						stopped immediately. Like a large cruise ship, it takes 
						time to turn to the left or right.After the 
						acquisition transaction was complete, Eric marveled and 
						told me, "This is the first deal I've witnessed where we 
						sold a business and instead of getting a check, we wrote 
						a check."I anticipated that most, if not all, of 
						the Wright & Lopez contracts would not be renewed, so 
						from day one, I began shrinking the company by selling 
						off warehoused equipment and terminating employees who 
						didn't have work assignments lasting more than two weeks 
						out.About thirty days after our meeting in 
						Birmingham, we received a call from BellSouth's vice 
						president of operations, inquiring about our manpower 
						allocation plans for the next six months for the 
						Birmingham area. Rick happened to be in my office when 
						the call came through, and he took the call there. I 
						stood nearby while Rick whispered mini-updates as the 
						conversation progressed. Rick informed the man that we 
						had less than sixty days left on our contract, and all 
						our people and equipment would be leaving Birmingham 
						exactly as I had explained to the management team a 
						month ago.I scribbled a note to Rick telling him 
						to ask, "Didn't you guys take Patton seriously when he 
						gave written notice of termination?" The response was a 
						short "No," and the call ended a few seconds later. Rick 
						and I really couldn't believe our ears as we continued 
						the laborious process of extracting Wright & Lopez from 
						Birmingham.BellSouth continued to call as the 
						deadline grew closer. During one conversation, Rick 
						learned that BellSouth did not have other contractors in 
						place to take over our work. The other locations faced a 
						similar deadline.Eighty days into the notice, 
						Rick received a call that floored him - BellSouth wanted 
						to meet with us again in Birmingham to discuss 
						re-negotiations for all Bell-related contracts with 
						Wright & Lopez. Five days later, Rick and I sat in the 
						same large conference room where we met eighty-seven 
						days earlier. This time, the group was much smaller, 
						with just a handful of decision-makers in attendance.
Rick had his computer open and plugged into the 
						company's network to give him Internet access. He busied 
						himself, pretending not to be nervous, but in truth, we 
						were both on edge. As the meeting started, their 
						concerns about us walking off the jobs in six states 
						became obvious. My nerves calmed down immediately as I 
						realized Rick and I had the upper hand in a big way.
In preparation for this meeting, Rick and I had 
						reviewed the current pricing on more than fifteen 
						hundred line items. This itemized structure allowed 
						BellSouth to have us perform tasks with both sides 
						having a predetermined price in place. The problem with 
						the pricing, though, was that Wright & Lopez simply 
						couldn't do the work that cheaply and stay in business. 
						While the contract was a bad business decision by the 
						former owners, Mike and I were not going to get stuck 
						with it, and lose our shirts. Our management team 
						calculated we needed a 40 percent increase across the 
						board for Wright & Lopez to retain all its employees and 
						become profitable.I wasn't listening as the 
						BellSouth GM began with conciliatory remarks about the 
						improvement he had seen recently in our responsiveness 
						and quality of work. Instead, I was mentally rehearsing 
						the speech I was about to give. We were losing three 
						hundred thousand dollars a month in Birmingham, which 
						soured me to the point where just being in the city made 
						ill.When the general manager finished, I began. 
						"I would like everyone in this room to know I don't 
						drive through Birmingham anymore. In fact, I only fly 
						over it, and I still get nauseated at thirty-five 
						thousand feet."As the room grew deathly quiet, I 
						realized I had their undivided attention and for the 
						first time in my life, I felt what real authority meant 
						in the business world."Please listen and listen 
						well," I said, looking directly at the man who 
						previously threatened to follow me from this industry to 
						the next if I withdrew from the BellSouth contract prior 
						to its completion."Wright & Lopez is withdrawing 
						from Birmingham in less than seventy-two hours. We have 
						already given notice to have the water and electricity 
						turned off in our offices in three days. Why on earth 
						wouldn't you believe I would do it?""We don't 
						want you to leave," one of the executives interrupted. 
						"We obviously underestimated your resolve.""We 
						anticipated you might say that because who else is going 
						to do this work for you?" Rick and I were holding aces 
						in a poker game with BellSouth's senior management.
"Let me stop right now and ask you a question, 
						because this has been bothering me ever since I bought 
						the company and saw all these losses." I turned to the 
						GM. "Were you involved in the selection of the 
						contractors to do this work?""Yes.""At 
						the time did you realize the other contractors' bids 
						were much higher?""Yes.""So you knew 
						Wright & Lopez was going to get killed on this deal."
"Yes," he said with a sarcastic chuckle, "I knew 
						it."I wanted to wipe that mocking smirk off his 
						face with a left hook, and in my anger I made a snap 
						decision that would have dramatic, unintended 
						consequences."The revised proposal we have here 
						for you, which was put together after many days of 
						careful analysis, is not complete," I said, with as much 
						cool as I could muster. "You need to take these prices 
						and double them across the board."The response 
						was swift and in rapid-fire succession."You have 
						got to be kidding. That is ridiculous and extremely 
						insulting!""You're out of your mind!"
						"That's totally irresponsible!""How in the world 
						could you ever think that would work?"Despite 
						the barrage, I was not the least bit fazed."It 
						will take a 100 percent increase to make enough to 
						stay," I said with the confidence of someone who has 
						nothing to lose.Rick couldn't hide the shock on 
						his face at my boldness. "What are you doing?" he 
						mouthed to me across the table.The BellSouth 
						executives asked to excuse themselves, with copies of 
						our revised proposal in hand. About thirty minutes 
						later, they returned to the conference room."We 
						realize there has been some bad blood between us," the 
						GM acknowledged. "Normally under these circumstances we 
						would require a rebid, but we know you're not going to 
						stay in business for ninety days without an increase. 
						Under the circumstances, we would like to end things 
						right here. We will give you a 100 percent increase."
After acting like we were out of our minds to expect 
						it, BellSouth's Birmingham office had agreed to a new 
						three-year contract with a 100 percent increase for 
						every line item. In that one moment, we went from losing 
						three hundred thousand dollars a month in Birmingham to 
						making a quarter of a million a month.Instead of 
						earning one and a half million dollars to liquidate 
						Wright & Lopez's assets, I suddenly had to shift gears 
						and make plans to run the company for at least three 
						years under a new pricing structure in which I could 
						potentially make eight million dollars!Rick 
						excused himself, went down the hall to use a phone, and 
						called Wright & Lopez's Birmingham office. "Don't fire 
						anyone," he said excitedly. "We're getting ready to rock 
						and roll."As the last BellSouth employee exited 
						the elevator and the doors closed, Rick let out the 
						loudest "Yahoo!" I'd ever heard him utter. Neither of us 
						could believe what had just happened, and we excitedly 
						recalled the details as we made our way to the parking 
						level. As the BellSouth building grew smaller in the 
						rearview mirror, Rick and I began to lay out a plan for 
						reviving Wright & Lopez.Patton Principle #34: 
						When you're well armed, stick to your guns.
"A good 
						negotiator knows when to compromise, but if you don't 
						have to, then don't. There's nothing wrong with winning 
						big now and then.





























Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman












Jim's 40 Principles










Success happens step by diligent step. To help keep you moving in the right direction every day, take to heart Jim's principles for business and life.
 

                      	Patton's 40 principles - often learned the hard way - 
						will benefit you, no matter what your professional or 
						personal goals. Straightforward, do-able 
						principles like:

#1  - Deny denial, and face the facts
#2  -  Bury the temptation 
						to be dishonest
#19 - Just when you think you've got it 
						all figured out, remember that you don't
#27 - If you are doing something out of 
						fear, stop doing it
#29 - God won't let you have your way 
						until you let Him have His
#33 - Have a good fall-back position so 
						falling back won't hurt

"Patton Principles" are taken from 
								Jim's, Life in the Turn Lane, available now. Used by permission.
								


More about Jim...


							 K
KPAC Solutions
                          KPAC is a  private equity firm, founded by 
						  Jim Patton, that acquires distressed manufacturers and 
						  turns them into profitable powerhouses. 
						  Read More



							 B
Jim's book
                         Life in the Turn Lane, tells Jim's remarkable story and what he has learned from the turns. Read More



                                     













Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman












Jim Discusses his Book










Turn Little Thinking into Big Ideas
 














   

























Jim Patton - America's Business Repairman





















America's Business Repairman












About Jim










Nashville Business Journal calls him the "billion-dollar repairman."
 

                      	Jim Patton is founder and senior managing partner of 
						KPAC Solutions, a private equity firm that acquires 
						distressed manufacturers and turns them into profitable 
						manufacturing powerhouses. Many have been ailing 
						subsidiaries of Fortune-1000 firms that, in the hands of 
						Jim and his team, become world leaders in their 
						industries.Jim is an experienced negotiator, 
						senior investor and founder of many acquisitions 
						involving distressed manufacturers, distributors and 
						construction companies on a global scale. Negotiations 
						have involved comprehensive acquisition agreements, 
						including long-term post-closing production agreements.
Turning around distressed companies is not only 
						Jim's profession, but it's also a metaphor for his life.
His book, Life in the Turn Lane, tells his 
						remarkable story and what he has learned from the turns.
Jim started out as a heating and air conditioning 
						repairman, but was fired less than a year later. Since 
						vocational training was his only "higher education", he 
						schooled himself in business by reading The Wall Street 
						Journal cover to cover for a decade before taking on his 
						first major acquisition. After losing everything in the 
						deal, Jim learned from his mistakes, got a second chance 
						and hit upon a successful venture that eventually 
						catapulted him into an international career and 
						financial independence.Now one of The Wall 
						Street Journal's star endorsers, Jim shares his wisdom 
						and experience in settings ranging from civic clubs, to 
						youth organizations, to churches. He lives in Brentwood, 
						Tennessee, just south of Nashville, with Theresa, his 
						wife of 26 years. Their son, Spencer, is following his 
						father's successful business path as a hedge-fund 
						manager.


More about Jim...


							 K
KPAC Solutions
                          KPAC Solutions is a private equity firm, founded by 
						  Jim Patton, that acquires distressed manufacturers and 
						  turns them into profitable powerhouses.     
						  Read More



							 40
Jim's 40 Principles
                         Success happens step by diligent step. To help keep you moving in the right direction every day, take to heart Jim's principles for business and life.         
						  Read More



							 B
Jim's book
                         Life in the Turn Lane, tells Jim's remarkable story and what he has learned from the turns.              Read More

























James P Patton, born 1841 - Ancestry















 



The website you are about to visit is ProGenealogists®, operated by TGN Services, LLC, a subsidiary of Ancestry.


















Try FREE for 14 days







James P Patton

                            Found 10 Records,  
9 Photos
                             and 
1,618,379 Family Trees
            

                 Born on 29 Jul 1841 to Geo Washington Patton and Martha Noland. 
            



Family Members



Parents




Geo Washington Patton

1806-1863







Martha Noland













Ready to discover your family story?
Simply start with yourself and we'll do the searching for you.





Your name



Last name



Age



Gender



Male



Female






Search Now



































Potential photos and documents for James P Patton
View All 9 Images







James P. Patton Jr





James P Patton





James P Patton





James P Patton





James P Patton





James P. Patton





James P Patton





James Ray P Patton





James Ray P Patton










Top record matches for James P Patton






Surname meaning for "Patton"
English, northern Irish, and Scottish: from a pet form of the
personal name Pate.





More Resources

Search for historical records
Message Board for Patton surname
Ancestry members researching "Patton"
Learn more about Ancestry









We found  record(s)
                for  
                in our database.




View records
View all our records with a 14-Day FREE Trial




Your Search returned zero good matches
Why?

            Although there may be many good matches for your ancestor in our content, we can't
            return good matches without more information.
        
What should you do?

            Add details about your ancestor - even an educated guess can increase your chances
            of getting a high-quality match.
        





What else can you do on Ancestry?




                Discover your family history in millions of family trees and more than 11 billion
                birth, marriage, death, census, and military records.
            
Search historical records





                Start a free family tree online and let us do the searching for you! You'll get
                "hints" when we find info that matches your relatives.
            
Start a FREE family tree





                    With one simple test, you can discover your unique genetic origins and find family
                    you never knew you had.
                
Get AncestryDNA


















Patton James P Elsie F                                                                                                   - Sebring                                           , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Sebring



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Patton James P Elsie F
                                    



 





















P 


Patton James P Elsie F                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9241 MARKLAND LN SEBRING, FL 33875
Get Directions



(863) 386-1685
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts James P Patton                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Patton James P Elsie F                                                                                                   has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Sebring. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















James P Patton - New Castle, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James P Patton in New Castle, PA


James P Patton

                                                                           Intelius found that James P Patton  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from New Castle, PA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 16 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jim P Patton


Get Report Now

Age

James P Patton is in his 40s

James Has Lived In

New Castle, PA
Cochranton, PA
Pulaski, PA

James's Relatives

April Patton
JP Patton
Luke Patton
Scott Patton







James P Patton



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Estimator, Â, Â at Meadville Land Service Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James P Patton
Get a Criminal Check on James P Patton
Get a Public Record Report on James P Patton
Get a People Search Report on James P Patton


James P Patton's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James P Patton has lived as well as James P Patton's phone numbers and email addresses.




James P Patton Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for James P Patton


1101 H******* A** 

New Castle, PA


Has Lived In

New Castle, PA
Cochranton, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James P Patton

(724) ***-**** - New Castle, PA 
(724) ***-**** - New Castle, PA 
(724) ***-**** - New Castle, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James P Patton

j*********n@***.com
p*******1@***.com


Get Email Report




James P Patton's Professional Information
Information regarding James P Patton's professional history.  Find out previous places James P Patton has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James P Patton Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Meadville Land Service Inc.
               Title: Estimator, Â, Â
James P Patton's Experience
Title: Estimator, Â, Â
               Company: Meadville Land Service Inc.
Job Details
               Meadville Land Service provides Stream Restoration, Wetland Construction, Erosion & Sediment Control, and Planting & Seeding services throughout the Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia and Ohio areas.
Additional Professional Information on James P Patton

 See James P Patton's LinkedIn Profile



James P Patton's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James P Patton


James P Patton's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James P Patton's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Patton
Username Matches

                  JamesPatton
                  PattonJames
                  James.Patton
                  Patton.James
                  James_Patton
                  Patton_James
                  James-Patton
                  Patton-James
                  JPatton
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Patton







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














ADXSW James P. Patton Insider Trades for Advaxis Inc. Wt


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advaxis Inc. Wt

                  NASDAQ: ADXSW
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advaxis Inc. Wt



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 9:53 a.m.


ADXSW

/quotes/zigman/23528808/composite


$
3.70




Change

-0.24
-5.97%

Volume
Volume 4,452
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/23528808/composite
Previous close

$
			3.94
		


$
				3.70
			
Change

-0.24
-5.97%





Day low
Day high
$3.70
$4.13










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.65
        

            $11.70
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




James P. Patton



Dr. James P. Patton, MD MBA, is Chairman at VAL Health LLC and Vice President at Millennium Oncology Management, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Advaxis, Inc.
Dr. Patton was previously employed as President by Comprehensive Oncology Care LLC. He also served on the board at Great Expectations & Associates, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan, an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and a doctorate degree from the Drexel University College of Medicine.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/05/2015
4,459


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/30/2015
15,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2014
33,762


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/17/2014
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/18/2013
20,619


 
Award at $4.85 per share.


100,002


10/24/2013
25,000


 
Acquisition at $4 per share.


100,000


06/25/2013
2,636,441


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.03 per share.


79,093


06/12/2013
2,286,665


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. David  Sidransky 
Chairman




Mr. Anthony A. Lombardo 
EVP, Chief Executive & Business Officer




Mr. Christopher M. Duke 
Chief Operating Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Sara  Bonstein 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Al  Blunt 
Vice President-Medical




Ms. Mayo  Pujols 
Senior Vice President-Technical Operations




Dr. Robert G. Petit 
Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP




Dr. Robert W. Ashworth 
Senior VP-Regulatory Affairs & Compliance




Mr. Thomas W. Hare 
Senior Vice President-Product Development




Dr. James P. Patton 
Vice Chairman




Ms. Ranya  Dajani 
Vice President-Business Development & IR Contact




Dr. Samir N. Khleif 
Independent Director




Dr. Thomas J. McKearn 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard J. Berman 
Independent Director




Mr. Roni A. Appel 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas Joseph Ridge 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:39 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
10:59aBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































ADXS James P. Patton Insider Trades for Advaxis Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advaxis Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ADXS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advaxis Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:34 p.m.


ADXS

/quotes/zigman/23528806/composite


$
6.88




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 8,084
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/23528806/composite
Previous close

$
			7.13
		


$
				6.88
			
Change

-0.25
-3.51%





Day low
Day high
$6.75
$7.27










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.70
        

            $16.30
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




James P. Patton



Dr. James P. Patton, MD MBA, is Chairman at VAL Health LLC and Vice President at Millennium Oncology Management, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Advaxis, Inc.
Dr. Patton was previously employed as President by Comprehensive Oncology Care LLC. He also served on the board at Great Expectations & Associates, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan, an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and a doctorate degree from the Drexel University College of Medicine.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/05/2015
4,459


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/30/2015
15,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2014
33,762


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/17/2014
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/18/2013
20,619


 
Award at $4.85 per share.


100,002


10/24/2013
25,000


 
Acquisition at $4 per share.


100,000


06/25/2013
2,636,441


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.03 per share.


79,093


06/12/2013
2,286,665


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. David  Sidransky 
Chairman




Mr. Anthony A. Lombardo 
EVP, Chief Executive & Business Officer




Mr. Christopher M. Duke 
Chief Operating Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Sara  Bonstein 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Al  Blunt 
Vice President-Medical




Ms. Mayo  Pujols 
Senior Vice President-Technical Operations




Dr. Robert G. Petit 
Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP




Dr. Robert W. Ashworth 
Senior VP-Regulatory Affairs & Compliance




Mr. Thomas W. Hare 
Senior Vice President-Product Development




Dr. James P. Patton 
Vice Chairman




Ms. Ranya  Dajani 
Vice President-Business Development & IR Contact




Dr. Samir N. Khleif 
Independent Director




Dr. Thomas J. McKearn 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard J. Berman 
Independent Director




Mr. Roni A. Appel 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas Joseph Ridge 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:39 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
10:59aBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































James Patton 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




















Patton, James W Attorney At Law                                                                                          - Cincinnati                                        , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Cincinnati



Legal Services



General Practice Attorney, Lawyer



                            Patton, James W Attorney At Law
                                    



 





















P 


Patton, James W Attorney At Law                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2345 KEMPER LN CINCINNATI, OH 45206
Get Directions



(513) 872-5165
 





Business Info



 Founded 1985
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries General Practice Attorney, Lawyer
 Contacts James W Patton                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Patton, James W Attorney At Law                                                                                          was founded in 1985, and is located at 2345 Kemper Ln in Cincinnati. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting James W Patton                                                                                                           at (513) 872-5165. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















