


Purchase Fund Shares






















Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund Invest in Women


Stay current:






Buy Fund

About Pax Ellevate

Partnership
Team
Board


Resources

Brochure
Newsletter
Thought Leadership
Gender Research
Women & Wealth
News
Media Inquiries
Videos


Index

Index Design
Why an Index Fund?
Leading Companies
About MSCI
Index Criteria
Index Rebalancing 


Fund

Overview
Why Invest in Women?
Performance
Characteristics
Literature
Proxy Voting
A Personal Remembrance


Home










Buy Fund





Purchase Fund Shares



Pax Ellevate Global Women’sIndex Fund







Individual
Institutional






Inception Date:
October 1, 1993


Type of Fund:
Global Large Cap Core


Symbol:
PXWEX


CUSIP:
70422T208


Minimum Investment:
$1000


Fund Expenses(05/01/2017):




Expense Ratio
Total expenses include a management fee of 0.65%. The management fee is a unified fee that includes all of the operating costs and expenses of the Fund (other than taxes, charges of governmental agencies, interest, brokerage commissions incurred in connection with portfolio transactions, distribution and/or service fees payable under a plan pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and extraordinary expenses), including accounting expenses, administrator, transfer agent and custodian fees, Fund legal fees and other expenses. (For this purpose, Pax Ellevate Management does not consider acquired fund fees and expenses to be operating costs and expenses of the Fund.)
									





Management Fee:
0.65%


12-b1 Fees:
0.25%


Total expenses:
0.90%








Inception Date:
April 19, 2006


Type of Fund:
Global Large Cap Core


Symbol:
PXWIX


CUSIP:
70422T109


Minimum Investment:
$250,000


Fund Expenses(05/01/2017):


Management Fee:
0.65%


12-b1 Fees:
-


Total expenses:
0.65%











If you believe, as we do, that companies that embrace gender diversity are better positioned for growth, innovation and long-term financial success, we suggest you talk to your Financial Advisor about including the Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund in your investment portfolio.
The Fund is available on many major mutual fund supermarket platforms.
Visit the Pax World website to purchase shares directly.
If you are an Ellevate Member, visit here.
 
Individual Investors SupportPhone: 800.767.1729 (Monday – Friday 9:00AM-5:30PM ET)E-mail: info@paxworld.comor visit here for more contact information.
Financial Advisor SalesKathleen McQuiggan, Managing Director, Pax Ellevate Management LLC A registered representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.800.767.1729 ext. 7378 | kmcquiggan@paxworld.com
Kelly Coyne, Product Specialist, Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index FundA registered representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.800.767.1729 ext. 7377 | kcoyne@paxworld.com








|
  
   Legal |
  
   Privacy Policy |
  
   Terms of Use |
  
   Sitemap |
  
   Contact |
  

You should consider Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses
carefully before investing. For this and other important information, please download a fund prospectus. Please read it
carefully before investing.
#InvestInWomen
Copyright ©  Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund. All rights reserved.The Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc
Investments involve risk, including potential loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with Ellevate Asset Management LLC, or with MSCI.





RISKS: Investment in mutual funds involves risk, including possible loss of principal invested. You could lose money on your investment in the Fund or the Fund could underperform because of the following risks: the market prices of stocks held by the Fund may fall; individual investments of the Fund may not perform as expected; the Fund’s portfolio management practices may not achieve the desired result. The Fund does not take defensive positions in declining markets. Accordingly, the Fund’s performance would likely be adversely affected by a decline in the Index. Investments in emerging markets and non-US Securities are generally less liquid and less efficient than investments in developed markets and are subject to additional risks, such as risks of adverse governmental regulation, intervention and political developments. As this Fund can have a high concentration in some issuers the Fund can be adversely impacted by changes affecting issuers. There is no guarantee that the objective will be met and diversification does not eliminate risk.









Contact






















Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund Invest in Women


Stay current:






Buy Fund

About Pax Ellevate

Partnership
Team
Board


Resources

Brochure
Newsletter
Thought Leadership
Gender Research
Women & Wealth
News
Media Inquiries
Videos


Index

Index Design
Why an Index Fund?
Leading Companies
About MSCI
Index Criteria
Index Rebalancing 


Fund

Overview
Why Invest in Women?
Performance
Characteristics
Literature
Proxy Voting
A Personal Remembrance


Home









Additional Information





Contact
Individual Investors SupportPhone: 800.767.1729 (Monday – Friday 9:00AM-5:30PM ET)E-mail: info@paxworld.comor visit here for more contact information.
 
Financial Advisor SalesKathleen McQuiggan, Managing Director, Pax Ellevate Management LLC A registered representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.800.767.1729 ext. 7378 | kmcquiggan@paxworld.com
Kelly Coyne, Vice President, Business Development, Pax Ellevate Management LLCA registered representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.800.767.1729 ext. 7377 | kcoyne@paxworld.com
 
DCIO and RetirementJeff Suyematsu, Vice President, Institutional and National AccountsA registered representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.800.767.1729 ext. 7360 | jsuyematsu@paxworld.com
 
Selling AgreementsJeff Suyematsu, Vice President, Institutional and National AccountsA registered representative of ALPS Distributors, Inc.800.767.1729 ext. 7360 | jsuyematsu@paxworld.com
Amy Maness, Manager, National Accounts800.767.1729 ext. 7362 | amaness@paxworld.com
Advisor Account InquiryDST Vision — http://www.dstvision.com
 
General InquiriesPhone: 800.767.1729 (Monday – Friday 9:00AM-6:00PM EST)E-mail: info@paxworld.com
Pax World Mutual Funds30 Penhallow Street, Suite 400Portsmouth, NH 03801
 
Shareholder Account InformationPhone: 800.372.7827 (Monday – Friday 8:00AM-6:00PM EST)
Pax World Mutual FundsP.O. Box 55370Boston, MA 02205-5370
For overnight delivery:Pax World Mutual FundsC/O BFDS30 Dan Road Suite #55370Canton, MA 02021-2809800.372.7827
 
Transfer & Dividend Disbursing AgentBoston Financial Data ServicesP.O. Box 55370Boston, MA 02205-5370
The Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc. Member FINRA.








|
  
   Legal |
  
   Privacy Policy |
  
   Terms of Use |
  
   Sitemap |
  
   Contact |
  

You should consider Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses
carefully before investing. For this and other important information, please download a fund prospectus. Please read it
carefully before investing.
#InvestInWomen
Copyright ©  Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund. All rights reserved.The Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc
Investments involve risk, including potential loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with Ellevate Asset Management LLC, or with MSCI.





RISKS: Investment in mutual funds involves risk, including possible loss of principal invested. You could lose money on your investment in the Fund or the Fund could underperform because of the following risks: the market prices of stocks held by the Fund may fall; individual investments of the Fund may not perform as expected; the Fund’s portfolio management practices may not achieve the desired result. The Fund does not take defensive positions in declining markets. Accordingly, the Fund’s performance would likely be adversely affected by a decline in the Index. Investments in emerging markets and non-US Securities are generally less liquid and less efficient than investments in developed markets and are subject to additional risks, such as risks of adverse governmental regulation, intervention and political developments. As this Fund can have a high concentration in some issuers the Fund can be adversely impacted by changes affecting issuers. There is no guarantee that the objective will be met and diversification does not eliminate risk.








Pax Ellevate Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























pax ellevate management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Pax Ellevate Management LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers investment management, asset allocation, and advisory services. Pax Ellevate Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

30 Penhallow Street
Suite 400
Portsmouth, NH 03801
United States


Phone:
1-800-767-1729


Fax:
1-603-431-9175


Web url:
www.paxellevate.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































 



Sallie Krawcheck, Pax World to Partner on Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund (PXWEX) | Business Wire
























































Sallie Krawcheck, Pax World to Partner on Pax Ellevate Global Women’s 
      Index Fund (PXWEX)




Fund Will Track New Pax Global Women’s Leadership Index






June 04, 2014 08:03 AM Eastern Daylight Time



PORTSMOUTH, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pax World Management LLC and Ellevate Asset Management LLC announced 
      today that they have entered into a partnership agreement to manage and 
      distribute the Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund (www.paxellevate.com), 
      which is a successor fund to the Pax World Global Women’s Equality Fund, 
      following a shareholder-approved merger. The Fund is the first and only 
      mutual fund in the United States that focuses on investing in companies 
      that are global leaders in advancing women.
    


      Sallie Krawcheck is a principal of Ellevate Asset Management, which has 
      acquired an ownership interest in Pax Ellevate Management LLC (“Pax 
      Ellevate”), the investment adviser to the Fund, where Ms. Krawcheck will 
      serve as Chair. Ms. Krawcheck has also been elected to the board of 
      trustees of the Fund.
    

      The Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund will seek investment returns 
      that closely correspond to or exceed the price and yield performance, 
      before fees and expenses, of the Pax Global Women’s Leadership Index 
      (“the Global Women’s Leadership Index”).*
    

      The Global Women’s Leadership Index, the first index of its kind, 
      consists of equity securities of companies around the world that 
      demonstrate a commitment to advancing women through gender diversity on 
      their board, in executive management and through other policies and 
      programs, as rated by Pax World Gender Analytics. Companies in the Index 
      also meet key environmental, social and governance (ESG) standards, as 
      rated by MSCI ESG Research.
    

      Women hold 31 % of board seats in companies held in the new Fund, and 24 
      % of senior management positions, as compared to global averages of only 
      11 % in each case.1 Fully 97 % of companies in the Fund have 
      two or more women on their board and nearly 70 % have three or more 
      women on their board.
    

      “I am pleased to be partnering with Pax World to introduce the Pax 
      Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund,” said Ms. Krawcheck. “This is a 
      major step forward in directing investor capital to the highest-rated 
      companies in the world in advancing women’s leadership. We believe that 
      it is simply smart business to invest in women and that this investment 
      case will be borne out over time by the performance of this global index 
      fund.”
    

      The Pax partnership represents the first investment initiative 
      undertaken by Ms. Krawcheck since she purchased the Ellevate women’s 
      network (formerly named “85 Broads”) last year. She is the former 
      president of the Global Wealth & Investment Management division of Bank 
      of America, which includes Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust; former CEO of 
      Citigroup’s wealth management business, including Smith Barney and the 
      Citi Private Bank; and former Director of Research and then chairman and 
      CEO of sell-side research firm Sanford Bernstein.
    

      “Sallie is one of the most respected individuals in financial services, 
      and her interest in partnering on the Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index 
      Fund speaks to the gathering momentum around investing in women, and in 
      companies that invest in women,” said Pax World President and CEO Joe 
      Keefe. “This is the first fund of its kind investing in the first 
      broad-market, global index where the universe of companies is 
      distinguished, vis-a-vis the market as a whole, by its gender 
      leadership. We hope to measure the contributions and capture the returns 
      associated with women’s leadership and to deliver market or above-market 
      returns over the long term. We therefore believe the Fund can be 
      considered as a core holding in many investor portfolios.”
    

      “I can think of no better way to invest in women than to invest in those 
      companies around the world that have distinguished themselves by both 
      their business performance and their leadership in advancing 
      women,” said Krawcheck today of her decision to partner on the Pax 
      Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund. “This Fund represents a market 
      solution to a global business challenge – the need to increase the 
      number of women on boards and in management. The business edge that 
      often comes from more diverse leadership teams is an investment idea 
      whose time has come. These are not niche companies. Many are 
      widely-recognized brands in their fields, and I look forward to shining 
      a spotlight on – and helping putting capital behind –the kind of 
      progressive thinking that can yield strong company performance.”
    

      _______________________________
    

      * A custom index calculated by MSCI. One cannot invest directly in an 
      index.
    

1 Women on Boards Survey, Governance Metrics International,
April 2013
    

About Pax World Management LLC


      Pax World Management LLC, investment adviser to Pax World Funds (www.paxworld.com), 
      is a recognized leader in Sustainable Investing, the full integration of 
      environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment 
      analysis and decision making. Pax World Funds include the Pax Ellevate 
      Global Women’s Index Fund (PXWEX), the only mutual fund in America 
      focused on investing in companies that are global leaders in advancing 
      women. Across all of its funds, Pax World withholds support from 
      all-male corporate board slates, and working with other institutional 
      investors, actively engages with companies to embrace gender diversity 
      on their boards.
    

About Ellevate Asset Management LLC


      Ellevate Asset Management LLC was formed by Sallie Krawcheck and 
      business partner Allyson McDonald to provide investors with a means of 
      directing capital to companies that actively embrace gender diversity 
      and female leadership as a lever for business success. Krawcheck also 
      owns Ellevate Network (formerly 85 Broads), the global professional 
      women's network. Both of these organizations are dedicated to the 
      economic engagement of women worldwide.
    

About MSCI


      MSCI is a leading provider of investment decision support tools 
      to clients ranging from large pension plans to boutique hedge funds. Located 
      in 24 countries around the world, MSCI is dedicated to supporting 
      the increasingly complex needs of the investment community with 
      groundbreaking new products, high quality data, superior distribution 
      and dedicated client support. Since the MSCI indices were launched over 
      40 years ago, the company has grown to become one of the world’s leading 
      players in the provision of products and services to institutional 
      investors.
    

      ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with Ellevate Asset Management 
      LLC, or with MSCI.
    

On 6/4/2014,the Pax World Global Women’s Equality Fund merged into 
      the Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund (the Fund), pursuant to an 
      Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated March 4, 2014 (the 
      “Reorganization”). Because the Fund had no investment operations prior 
      to the closing of the Reorganization, Pax World Global Women’s Equality 
      Fund (the “Predecessor Fund”) is treated as the survivor of the 
      Reorganization for accounting and performance reporting purposes. 
      Accordingly, all performance and other information shown for the Fund 
      for periods prior to 6/4/2014 is that of the Predecessor Fund.


Risks


Investment in mutual funds involves risk, including possible loss of 
      principal invested. You could lose money on your investment in the Fund 
      or the Fund could underperform because of the following risks: the market 
      prices of stocks held by the Fund may fall; individual investments 
      of the Fund may not perform as expected; the Fund’s portfolio 
      management practices may not achieve the desired result. The Fund 
      does not attempt to outperform the Index or take defensive positions in declining 
      markets. Accordingly, the Fund’s performance would likely be 
      adversely affected by a decline in the Index. Funds focusing on 
      small/medium companies generally experience greater price volatility. 
      Investments in emerging markets and non-US Securities are 
      generally less liquid and less efficient than investments in developed 
      markets and are subject to additional risks, such as risks of adverse 
      governmental regulation, intervention and political developments. As 
      this Fund can have a high concentration in some issuers the Fund can be 
      adversely impacted by changes affecting issuers. There is no 
      guarantee that the objective will be met and diversification does not 
      eliminate risk.


Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that you 
      may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. You should consider 
      a fund's investment objectives, risks and charges and expenses carefully 
      before investing. For this and other important information, please 
      obtain a fund prospectus by calling 800.767.1729 or visiting www.paxworld.com. 
      Please read it carefully before investing. Distributor: ALPS 
      Distributors, Inc., Member: FINRA.


Past performance does not guarantee future results. Index returns 
      do not represent fund returns.





Contacts

      Solomon McCownMarisa Connolly, 617-620-5648mconnolly@solomonmccown.com














Release Summary
Pax World Management LLC and Ellevate Asset Management LLC announced today that they have entered into a partnership agreement to manage and distribute the Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index Fund.






Contacts

      Solomon McCownMarisa Connolly, 617-620-5648mconnolly@solomonmccown.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















Invest In Women | Ellevate








































Ellevate













Member Directory
Events

Upcoming Events
Previous Events


Chapters
Member Successes
Member Spotlights
Company Directory




HomeEventsInvest In Women
























Invest In Women




Harmonie Club
              4 East 60th StreetNew York, NY 10022US
            

Maps




              Tue, Jan 19 11:45 AM -  1:15 PM EST
            





            New York, NY
        


            Tue, Jan 19 11:45 AM -  1:15 PM EST
        



          This is a special invitation to join Pax Ellevate Chair Sallie Krawcheck and Pax Ellevate CEO Joe Keefe for a discussion about investing in women, the economic advantages associated with gender diversity, and how you can invest with a gender lens.
        



Expand My Financial Future






    share
  



    tweet
  



    share
  







Please join Pax Ellevate for a private luncheon on Tuesday, January 19 with Pax Ellevate Chair Sallie Krawcheck and Pax Ellevate CEO Joe Keefe, who will lead a discussion about investing in women, the economic advantages associated with gender diversity, and how you can invest with a gender lens.This event is invitation only and please RSVP today as space is limited.Lunch DetailsSpeakers: 
Sallie Krawcheck, Chair, Pax Ellevate Management LLC Joe Keefe, CEO, Pax Ellevate Management LLCHosts: 
Kathleen McQuiggan, Managing DirectorAnne Greenwood, Senior Vice President, Sales and MarketingKelly Coyne, Product Specialist, Pax Ellevate Global Women’s Index FundEd Lynch, Senior Vice President, National Sales



Ellevate members network with intention. We help you make the most of your time - and ensure real relationships are formed - by connecting you with Ellevate members after each networking event.

 



Ellevate Members Attended


Learn More about ConversationsLog in to Send Messages•








      {{ reg.first_name }} {{ reg.last_name }}
    
{{ reg.first_name }} {{ reg.last_name }}



 {{ reg.current_title }}
 {{ reg.current_employer }}







Non-Member Guests Attended










      {{ reg.first_name }} {{ reg.last_name }}
    
{{ reg.first_name }} {{ reg.last_name }}



 {{ reg.current_title }}
 {{ reg.current_employer }}







0 Comments
Login now to comment on this Member Event.















Harmonie Club
          4 East 60th StreetNew York, NY 10022US
        

Google Maps




          Tue, Jan 19 11:45 AM -  1:15 PM EST
        



SpeakersSallie KrawcheckChair, Ellevate Network & Pax EllevateJoe KeefeCEO, Pax Ellevate













#InvestInWomen

          Ellevate members are part of the movement to close the
          gender achievement gap.
        

           Sign up for The Morning Boost, our ultra-personalized newsletter,
           for women's news, career tips, events, and updates on our mission.
        

















 
















Page not found – GreenMoney Journal








































































































 


















GreenMoney.com
Impact Investing
Sustainable Business
Energy & Climate
Food & Farming
Global Events Calendar
Videos
Past Issues


















Oops! That page can’t be found.
It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try a search?
 








Subscribe to GreenMoney's complimentary monthly eJournal:  Email* :     
























 













About

Advertising & Sponsorship

Contact

If you would like to subscribe to GreenMoney's monthly eJournal, please submit the form below.  Email* :     


Privacy Policy

Copyright &copy GreenMoney Journal, 2017



Tweets by @CliffGMJ



Global Events Calendar >>View more Events

                  Agenda         Agenda        Day        Month        Week             July 2017 Jul 2017               Collapse All    Expand All         Jul 28 Fri          The 7th Social Business Days     Tickets    Jul 28 – Jul 29 all-day     Zirabo, Dhaka, Bangladesh  This event is hosted by Nobel Laureate Professor Muhammad Yunus. Social Business Day is an annual conference organized by the Yunus Centre to celebrate the groundbreaking idea of social business and to highlight new developments. Social Business Day showcases the concept of social business with leading experts in the field. The annual event attracts the participation of international and local actors, corporate and social leaders, NGOs, students, and innovators, and connects them with the social business network. It also creates an opportunity for participants to engage in different interactive plenary sessions and workshops to broaden their understanding in specific areas of interest. This year, our theme will be “Can Wealth Concentration Be Stopped?” http://socialbusinesspedia.com/events/sbd2017      Read more                July 2017 Jul 2017              Subscribe        Add to Timely Calendar      Add to Google      Add to Outlook      Add to Apple Calendar      Add to other calendar      Export to XML         























Follow 

























Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:21 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund is an open ended equity indexed mutual fund launched and managed by Pax Ellevate Management LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund employs fundamental analysis seeking to invest in stocks of socially conscious companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It invests in stocks of companies that promote gender equity through internal policies and programs, have transparency regarding the effectiveness of those policies and programs, and have accountability among employees to assure implementation...
Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund is an open ended equity indexed mutual fund launched and managed by Pax Ellevate Management LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund employs fundamental analysis seeking to invest in stocks of socially conscious companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It invests in stocks of companies that promote gender equity through internal policies and programs, have transparency regarding the effectiveness of those policies and programs, and have accountability among employees to assure implementation and observance of those policies. It seeks to replicate the performance of the Pax Global Women’s Leadership Index. The fund does not seek to invest in stocks of companies involved in the manufacture of weapons or weapons-related products, manufacture tobacco products, or engage in unethical business practices. It was formerly known as Pax World Funds Series Trust I - Pax World Global Women’s Equality Fund. Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund was formed on October 1, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


30 Penhallow StreetSuite 400Portsmouth, NH 03801United StatesFounded in 1993



Phone: 603-431-8022

Fax: 603-431-9175

www.paxellevate.com/fund/overview







Key Executives for Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund




Mr. Joseph Francis Keefe J.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 64
        







Dr. Julie Fox Gorte Ph.D.


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Scott LaBreche


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Heather Smith


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund Key Developments

Pax World Funds Series Trust I - Pax Balanced Fund, Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 29, 2017
Mar 28 17
Pax World Funds Series Trust I - Pax Balanced Fund, Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 29, 2017, at 10:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: 30 Penhallow Street Suite 400 Portsmouth Hampshire United Kingdom Agenda: To approve a proposal to change the investment objective of such Funds from fundamental to non-fundamental; to approve a proposal to amend the Funds' fundamental investment restriction on lending; to approve a proposal to authorize Pax World Management LLC and Pax Ellevate Management LLC, respectively, to enter into and materially amend investment sub-advisory agreements, with the approval of the Board of Trustees; and to consider but without obtaining additional shareholder approval.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pax World Funds Series Trust III - Pax Ellevate Global Womens Index Fund, please visit www.paxellevate.com/fund/overview.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























