










ERIKA RANEY - Engagement Professional | Growthink























































 Home › Team › Erika Raney 






Call Us
Find Us
Text Us





FALSE


ERIKA RANEY - Engagement Professional







Erika Raney is a brand and marketing strategist with expertise in helping businesses tell their stories – creating messaging alignment from product/brand development and internal communications to market positioning, consumer campaigns and thought leadership.  She has cross-industry experience ranging from aerospace and technology/app development to lifestyle brands, mass-scale events and crisis communications. Her work has included quarterly campaigns for City National Bank Private Banking, marketing overhaul on upsells and quarterly campaigns for Toyota Financial Services and product development as interim CMO for FinTech apps by Paymation Inc.

Back to Growthink Team







Growthink on

    
 

     

     

     

     

    





 





About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
 
Copyright © Growthink Inc., 2017





























 





















 





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





































Login


My Account



Account Settings


My Creations


Logout




Disney.com


Store

Home
New Arrivals
Special Offers
Sale
Gift Cards
All Store

Parks & Travel

Home
Walt Disney World
Walt Disney World
Disneyland
Disney Cruise Line
Aulani
All Parks & Travel



Games

Home
Create
Mobile Apps
Video Games
Club Penguin Island

Video

Home
Movies
Shows
How To Draw
Music Videos
Watch TV

TV

Disney Channel
Disney XD
Disney Junior



Oh My Disney

Home
Quiz
News
Food

Disney Style

Home
Fashion
Video
Shopping

Family

Home
Crafts
Recipes
Activities



Movies

Home
In Theaters
At Home
Disney Movies Anywhere
All Movies

Music

Home
Music Videos
Artists
Radio Disney
RDMA

Books

Home
Digital

Live Shows

Home
Disney on Broadway
Disney on Ice
Disney Live!





Disney.com





 



Disney.com


Store


Parks & Travel





Games


Video


Oh My Disney


TV


Movies


Music


Family


Style


Live Shows


Books





Login




My Account





Account Settings




My Creations




Logout




















Playmation 


Cancel









































Gawrsh!
Something is not working right.
          Please try again soon.










Help
















Promotional Products and Items | Promo Items | Promotional Gifts

























 

















Register
Log in


0  Item(s) 


Cart (0)
Quotes (0)




1-888-212-5501







 








Products




Personal Care & Beauty

Breath Fresheners
Hand Sanitizers
Lip Balm
Nail Polish
Dental Floss



Apparel

Aprons
Armbands
Pajamas
Shirts
Uniforms



Automotive Products

Air Fresheners
License Plates
Scrapers



Pens, Pencils & Highlighters

Highlighters
Pencil Sharpeners
Pencils
Styluses
Metal Pens



Awards & Recognition

Certificates
Medals
 Trophies 






Discounts 

Brands 
Printing
About us 










x
 
 
 











x














USB Flash Drives
Drawstring Backpacks
Custom Combs
Bottle Openers
Armbands
Promotional Nail Polish
Power Bank
Lanyards






















            Promotional Products
        




         
                Apparel




         
                Arm Sleeve




         
                T-Shirts




         
                Aprons




         
                Belt Buckles




         
                Belts




         
                Coats




         
                Scarves




         
                Shirts




         
                Shorts




         
                Socks




         
                Suspenders




         
                Sweats




         
                Ties




         
                Transfers




         
                Uniforms




         
                Pants




         
                Sweaters




         
                Robes




         
                Handkerchiefs




         
                Vests




         
                Dresses




         
                Skirts




         
                Underwear




         
                Bolos




         
                Shoes




         
                Bibs




         
                Overalls




         
                Bows




         
                Earmuffs




         
                Swimsuits




         
                Pajamas




         
                Cuff Links




         
                Graters




         
                Bandannas




         
                Hoodies




         
                Tank Tops







         
                Automotive




         
                Air Fresheners




         
                License Plates




         
                Name Plates




         
                Tags




         
                Automotive Kits




         
                Frames-License




         
                Antenna Toppers







         
                Awards & Recognition




         
                Awards




         
                Badges




         
                Buttons




         
                Certificates




         
                Coins




         
                Emblems




         
                Pins




         
                Plaques




         
                Ribbons




         
                Sculptures




         
                Tokens




         
                Trophies




         
                Nickels




         
                Book Ends




         
                Medallions




         
                Certificate Frames




         
                Gavels




         
                Seals




         
                Bases




         
                Permits




         
                Sashes




         
                Statues




         
                Shovels




         
                Tiaras




         
                Marble




         
                Urns




         
                Stones




         
                Postcards




         
                Cards







         
                Bags, Packs & Totes




         
                Shopping Tote Bag




         
                Duffel Bag




         
                Messenger Bag




         
                Laundry Bag




         
                Vanity Bag




         
                Document Bag




         
                Laptop Case




         
                Wine Tote Bag's




         
                Garment Bag




         
                Bags




         
                Briefcases




         
                Pouches




         
                Purses




         
                Drawstring Backpacks




         
                Attaches




         
                Carts




         
                Holsters




         
                Rubber Bands







         
                Calendars & Planners




         
                Diaries




         
                Folders




         
                Invitations




         
                Labels




         
                Pads




         
                Address Books




         
                Organizers




         
                Calendars




         
                Boards-Bulletin




         
                Tabs-Metal




         
                Index Tabs







         
                Electronics & Tech products




         
                Phone Stands/Holder




         
                Phone Chargers




         
                USB Desktop Fan/Light




         
                Alarms




         
                Calculators




         
                Fans




         
                Music Players




         
                Tape




         
                Phone Accessories




         
                Telescopes




         
                Thermometers




         
                Weather Instruments




         
                Kaleidoscopes




         
                Microscopes




         
                Pointers




         
                Megaphones




         
                Phones




         
                Detectors




         
                Microfiber Cleaning Cloth




         
                Speakers




         
                Tablet Case & Covers




         
                Humidors




         
                Power Bank




         
                Ear Buds




         
                Microphones




         
                Grinders




         
                Chargers




         
                Card Readers




         
                Humidifiers




         
                Filters




         
                Solar Panels




         
                Coupons




         
                Cameras




         
                Recorders




         
                Cords




         
                Projectors




         
                Information Packets




         
                Batteries







         
                Caps & Hats




         
                Caps




         
                Hats




         
                Headbands







         
                Clocks & Watches




         
                Clocks




         
                Timers




         
                Watches







         
                Computer Accessories




         
                Wrist Rests




         
                Mouse Pads




         
                Mouse-Computer




         
                Cables




         
                Keyboards




         
                CDs




         
                Disk Cases




         
                Cleaners




         
                USB Flash Drive




         
                Remote Controls




         
                Art




         
                Decorating Services




         
                Photography Services







         
                Desktop Items




         
                Ashtrays




         
                Banks




         
                Coin Holders




         
                Crystal




         
                Figurines




         
                Globes




         
                Paper Weights




         
                Vases




         
                Clip Holders/Dispensers




         
                Snow Domes




         
                Caddies




         
                Hourglasses




         
                Desk Sets




         
                Inserts







         
                Food & Drink




         
                Candy




         
                Food




         
                Coffee




         
                Nuts




         
                Beverages




         
                Tea




         
                Cocoa




         
                Wine




         
                Cookies




         
                Sauces




         
                Breath Fresheners




         
                Gum




         
                Baskets




         
                Kits-Wine




         
                Gift Wrap




         
                Popcorn




         
                Dog Treats




         
                Cards-Gift




         
                Baskets-Gift/Food




         
                Fruit




         
                Condiments







         
                Games, Toys & Fun




         
                Balloons




         
                Bells




         
                Dolls




         
                Flying Discs & Frisbees




         
                Fly Swatters




         
                Games




         
                Inflatables




         
                Kites




         
                Magnets




         
                Musical Instruments




         
                Ornaments




         
                Puzzles




         
                Animals-Stuffed




         
                Toys




         
                Yo-Yo's




         
                Zipper Pulls




         
                Stamps




         
                Balls




         
                Coloring Books




         
                Whistles




         
                Fanny Packs




         
                Masks




         
                Stemware




         
                Pom Poms




         
                Boomerangs




         
                Candy Machines




         
                Crowns




         
                Money-Play




         
                Wands




         
                Eyeglasses




         
                Creepers




         
                Rattles




         
                Scoopers




         
                Foam




         
                Lures




         
                Puppets




         
                Leis




         
                Costumes




         
                Syringes




         
                Noise Makers




         
                Charms




         
                Spinners




         
                Shapes




         
                Squeezers




         
                Squeeze Toys




         
                Strobe Lights




         
                Lenticulars




         
                Poker Chips




         
                Beads




         
                Die Cast Vehicles







         
                Golf Products




         
                Markers




         
                Tees




         
                Divot Tools




         
                Piks




         
                Clubs




         
                Golf Kits







         
                Health, Wellness & Safety




         
                BMI Tape Measure




         
                Armbands




         
                Books




         
                Custom Combs




         
                Dispensers




         
                Emery Boards




         
                Gloves




         
                Rings




         
                Locks




         
                Pocket Protectors




         
                Mitts




         
                Reflectors & Blinkers




         
                Straps




         
                Wallets




         
                Bracelets




         
                Charts




         
                First Aid Kits




         
                Necklaces




         
                Patches




         
                Condoms




         
                Manicure Sets




         
                Ear Plugs




         
                Kits-Survival




         
                Sunscreen




         
                Spa Sets




         
                Mittens




         
                Brushes-Tooth




         
                Clippers




         
                Massagers




         
                Lip Balm




         
                Tongs




         
                Medical Equipment




         
                Ice/Hot Packs




         
                Insect Repellent




         
                Cones




         
                Hard Hats




         
                Scrubs







         
                Keychains




         
                Keychain with LED Light




         
                Key Chains / Rings




         
                Keys







         
                Home, Decor and Kitchen




         
                Food Containers




         
                Albums




         
                Blankets




         
                Boards-Carving




         
                Bowls




         
                Brushes




         
                Beer Buckets




         
                Candles & Aromatherapy Products




         
                Chairs




         
                Dishes




         
                Furniture




         
                Garters




         
                Lamps




         
                Mats




         
                Mirrors




         
                Night Lights




         
                Frames-Picture




         
                Pillows




         
                Plates




         
                Spices




         
                Towels




         
                Utensils




         
                Chimes




         
                Sponges




         
                Platters




         
                Garden Supplies




         
                Hangers




         
                Shoe Care Kits




         
                Hangers-Door




         
                Razors




         
                Stands




         
                Teapots




         
                Chests




         
                Christmas Stocking




         
                Racks




         
                Trash Cans




         
                Tiles




         
                Irons




         
                Oil Products




         
                Lids




         
                Coffee Makers




         
                Dusters




         
                Rugs




         
                Guards




         
                Stoppers




         
                Grills




         
                Spatulas




         
                Napkin Rings




         
                Soapdishes




         
                Light bulbs




         
                Pans




         
                Safes




         
                Shoe Horns




         
                Curtains




         
                Shelves




         
                Tables




         
                Skewers




         
                Spoons




         
                Silverware




         
                Pots




         
                Colanders




         
                Stools




         
                Ice Cubes







         
                Mugs, Drinkware & Barware




         
                Collapsible Bottle




         
                Moscow Mule Mug




         
                Cup Sleeve




         
                Growlers




         
                Mason Jars




         
                Water Bottles




         
                Beer Mugs, Steins & Glasses




         
                Bottle Openers




         
                Bottles




         
                Coasters




         
                Containers




         
                Cups




         
                Drinking Glasses




         
                Jars





         
                Custom Coffee Mugs




         
                Coffee Mugs






         
                Pitchers




         
                Thermos




         
                Carafes




         
                Napkins




         
                Shakers




         
                Beverage Insulators




         
                Jugs




         
                Flasks




         
                Cans




         
                Corkscrews




         
                Funnels




         
                Confetti




         
                Pourers




         
                Straws




         
                Canteens




         
                Corks




         
                Tumblers and Travel Mugs







         
                Office & Business Supplies




         
                Sticky Notes and Flags




         
                Binders




         
                Bookmarks




         
                Boxes




         
                Cases




         
                Clipboards




         
                Clips




         
                Covers




         
                Desk Organizers




         
                Envelopes




         
                Erasers




         
                Files




         
                Memo Pad & Paper Hldr




         
                Paper




         
                Portfolios




         
                Seed Paper




         
                Stencils




         
                Record/Book Keeping




         
                Staple Removers




         
                Checkbook Covers




         
                Ink-Stamp Pads




         
                Tubes-Mail/Shipping




         
                Sheet Protectors




         
                Desks




         
                Forms




         
                Menus




         
                Adhesives




         
                Badge Holders




         
                Boards-Chalk







         
                Sports & Outdoor




         
                Outdoor Mats & Towels




         
                Bubble Dispenser




         
                Custom Flip Flops




         
                Binoculars




         
                Coolers




         
                Lanterns




         
                Matches




         
                Picnic Baskets




         
                Ponchos




         
                Shoe Laces




         
                Sunglasses




         
                Shades




         
                Umbrellas




         
                Visors




         
                Stadium Cushion




         
                Windsocks




         
                Pedometers




         
                Kits-Other




         
                Warmers




         
                Tents




         
                Bats




         
                Reels




         
                Scorekeepers




         
                Goggles




         
                Collars




         
                Hockey Pucks




         
                Basketball Hoops




         
                Fishing Poles




         
                Skateboards




         
                Grips




         
                Bodysuits




         
                Tie Bars




         
                Flowers




         
                Bicycles




         
                Surfboards







         
                Pens, Pencils & Highlighters




         
                Bamboo Pens




         
                Highlighters




         
                Pencils





         
                Pens




         
                Metal Pens




         
                Grip Pens




         
                Click Pens






         
                Stationery




         
                Crayons




         
                Pen/Pencil Holders




         
                Pencil Sharpeners




         
                Styluses







         
                Tools, Carabiners & Flashlights




         
                Compasses




         
                Castings




         
                Flashlights




         
                Gauges




         
                Horns




         
                Cutters




         
                Lighters




         
                Magnifiers




         
                Measuring Devices




         
                Measuring Tapes




         
                Pennants




         
                Rulers




         
                Scales




         
                Scissors




         
                Screwdrivers




         
                Promotional Tool Sets




         
                Yardsticks




         
                Ropes




         
                Flag Accessories




         
                Plugs




         
                Sewing Kit




         
                Handles




         
                Monoculars




         
                Pumps




         
                Trivets




         
                Carabiners




         
                Hubs







         
                Trade Show Supplies




         
                Banners




         
                Decals




         
                Decorations




         
                Displays




         
                Easels




         
                Fabrics-Non-Wearables




         
                Flags




         
                Boards-Memo




         
                Ice Scrapers




         
                Scratch-Off Items




         
                Signs




         
                Display/Show Material




         
                Posters




         
                Table Liners




         
                Catalogs/Cat Sheets




         
                Brochures




         
                Tickets




         
                Streamers




         
                Weights




         
                Lanyards




         
                Scrunchees




         
                Water




         
                Entrapments







         
                Travel Supplies




         
                Atlases




         
                Luggage




         
                Maps




         
                Clips-Money




         
                Travel Kits






         
                Sports 





         
                Promotional Events




         
                Valentine's Day







         
                Personal Care & Beauty




         
                Tissues & Wet Wipes




         
                Compact Mirrors




         
                Travel Amenities Kit




         
                Custom Soap's




         
                Lint Brush




         
                Bath Gels




         
                Kits-Makeup




         
                Tattoos




         
                Dental Floss




         
                Exercise Equipment




         
                Toiletries




         
                Heat Packs




         
                Hand & Body Lotions




         
                Toothpicks




         
                Nail Polish




         
                Hair Products




         
                Hand Sanitizers




         
                Pendants




         
                Gel




         
                Wigs




 










Free Art Assistance 
Best-In-Class Website 
Free Product Samples 


Free Art Assistance 
Best-In-Class Website 
Free Product Samples 


Free Art Assistance 
Best-In-Class Website 
Free Product Samples 
























Custom Logo Mugs
PPI has the lowest price on all logo mugs. Mugs are a great way to advertise your brand and message. Lowest price guranteed on all mugs.
View All >>



Custom USB Drives
Get 50 USB drives with your company logo or message at only $3.30 per unit. PPI has the largest selection of USB drives at lowest price online.
View All >>










 


 


 


 


 











Top 10 Categories 






Custom Coffee Mugs





Pens





Beverage Insulators





Beverages





USB Flash Drive



   



Featured Promotional Products









16" USA Beach Ball


















As low as $1.05 /ea | 150 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location-pricing below is for stripe ball only









2-In-1 Power Bank With Personal Fan


















As low as $12.50 /ea | 50 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









4 IN 1 OCTOPUS CHARGING CABLE (MICRO,MINI, USB C)


















As low as $4.99 /ea | 50 min

Price Includes: 1 color,1 location (2 max colors)









600D POLYESTER JUMBO COLLAPSIBLE COOLER























As low as $14.00 /ea | 25 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









Mini Personal Mister


















As low as $2.79 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1 color(max), 1 location









PALISADE 16 oz. Desk Mug


















As low as $3.60 /ea | 144 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









Promotional Fun Cube


















As low as $2.99 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









SILICONE SMARTPHONE WALLET & STAND


















As low as $1.60 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









SLIM SILICONE SMARTPHONE MOBILE WALLET













As low as $0.90 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









Small Ice Ball


















As low as $2.48 /ea | 500 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









SPECTRUM WATER BOTTLE TUMBLER













As low as $4.40 /ea | 25 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









Stationery Cube


















As low as $3.49 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









SYBIL UL CERTIFIED 4000 MAH SLIM POWER BANK













As low as $9.50 /ea | 25 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









Text Me Stand


















As low as $1.29 /ea | 250 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









Ambassador Gold PenFrosty barrel with cool new colors.Mechanism: Plunger-Action
Ink Color/Point Style: Black or blue ink with medium point.
Black ink will be provided unless otherwise specified.


















As low as $3.32 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1-color screen imprint or laser engraving, 1 location









Dual UP Multifunction PenFrosty barrel with cool new colors.Mechanism: Plunger-Action
Ink Color/Point Style: Black or blue ink with medium point.
Black ink will be provided unless otherwise specified.




























As low as $2.39 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1-color screen imprint or laser engraving, 1 location









Frosty Chiller PenFrosty barrel with cool new colors.Mechanism: Plunger-Action
Ink Color/Point Style: Black or blue ink with medium point.
Black ink will be provided unless otherwise specified.


















As low as $0.50 /ea | 300 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 location









Metallic Lip Balm Ball


















As low as $1.39 /ea | 250 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side;1 location









Premier Twist PenFrosty barrel with cool new colors.Mechanism: Plunger-Action
Ink Color/Point Style: Black or blue ink with medium point.
Black ink will be provided unless otherwise specified.























As low as $3.39 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: 1-color screen imprint or laser engraving, 1 location; oxidation not included









USA Made Rubber Lip Balm













As low as $1.14 /ea | 250 min

Price Includes: 1 color, 1 location









"4 Dog - Black Lab Key Chain













As low as $3.08 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: Blank









"60" Foil Silhouettes


















As low as $1.42 /ea | 24 min

Price Includes: Blank









"40" Firework Stringer


















As low as $3.74 /ea | 12 min

Price Includes: Blank





   




Most Viewed Products









EOS Lip Balm













As low as $3.42 /ea | 50 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 location









Porta-Potty Squeezies Stress Reliever













As low as $1.73 /ea | 150 min

Price Includes: 1 color









Stock You Are #1 Foam Hand Mitt w/Raised Finger













As low as $4.00 /ea | 1 min

Price Includes: Blank









Foam Shark Fin Hat













As low as $3.25 /ea | 50 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 location









Custom Printed 55 Gallon Trash Drum Cover













As low as $19.45 /ea | 25 min

Price Includes: 1 color;2 sides









The Laughing Giraffe (R )100% Polyester baby Short Sleeve Romper


















As low as $3.30 /ea | 1 min

Price Includes: Blank









GameGuard Camo Full Color Collapsible Can Kuuzie













As low as $1.16 /ea | 100 min

Price Includes: Full color;Full wrap









Hand Held Retractable Banner


















As low as $0.97 /ea | 3000 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side;1 location









Shower Card - Early Detection for Breast / Testicular Cancer























As low as $0.79 /ea | 300 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side









IV (Roman Numeral) Marken Design Cast Lapel Pin (Up to 5/8")













As low as $1.28 /ea | 125 min

Price Includes: Blank









Snow Sled w/ Wood Top & Steel Runners













As low as $101.95 /ea | 200 min

Price Includes: 2 color;1 side









24 Karat Gold Plated Ruler













As low as $3.88 /ea | 500 min










Steps by Step Guide to Breast Self-Exam Shower Card (Bilingual)













As low as $0.57 /ea | 25 min

Price Includes: 1 color;Up to 5 lines or logo;1 location









Poplin Vest w/Snap Closure













As low as $28.31 /ea | 1 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side;1 location









Corrugated Flute Gauge


















As low as $0.88 /ea | 250 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side;2 location









Letter V (Roman Numeral) Marken Design Cast Lapel Pin (Up to 5/8")













As low as $1.28 /ea | 125 min

Price Includes: Blank









Cheerleader Megaphone (13")













As low as $11.79 /ea | 1 min

Price Includes: Blank









Tuber'z Summer Demi













As low as $3.69 /ea | 25 min

Price Includes: 1 to 4 color process









Party or Event Pinhole Sunglasses


















As low as $1.88 /ea | 500 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side;2 locations









Roof Pitch Guide (6"x3.75"x0.03")


















As low as $1.07 /ea | 250 min

Price Includes: 1 color;1 side;1 location





   










Promotional Products and Custom Items at Wholesale Price Everyday !
 

.Over 250,000 SKU's
With over 250,000 products on-line, We provides you with the single largest on-line source of Promotional Products and Custom Logo Items.


.On-Time Delivery
Our dedicated staff along with our proprietary ordering system works hard to ensure your order is delivery on time every time. 97% of our orders delivery on time. In a rush ?


. Lowest Price Online 
Your every purchase is guaranteed to have the lowest price. Thats why we have a 100% Price match policy since we opened our door's. Our global reach help us bring high quality promotional products to your at an affordable price.











                    Custom Imprinted Promotional Products


When you need the right imprinted promotional products to make your next event or campaign a success, look no firther than Crestline. For more than 45 years, Crestline has prided itself on providing a hassle free ordering process, and offering every customer personal attention from our friendly, knowledgeable team of Promotional Product Consultants. From custom logo pens and promotional tradeshow giveaways to imprinted promotional drinkware and corporate gifts, you're certain to find the perfect mix of promo products to meet your needs at Crestline.  Need an iprinted promo item right away? Look no further than our Rush Service store, offering a huge variety of our teop-selling custom promotional products in 24 and 48 hours production times! Let our Rush Service custom imprinted product selections take the stress away from getting those trade show giveaways to your event at the last moment! Don't see the custom promotional product you're looking for on Crestline.com? We can still get it for you ! Crestline's Promotional Products Consultants have access to over 150,000 unique promotional items, meaning that we can track down everything from the common custom USB drive to the most obscure trade show giveaways in no time! Simply give us a call at 1-866-488-4975, and let Crestline find the perfect promotional item for your next event or activity.








 



































Patent US20160132889 - System and method for payer controlled payment processing system - Google PatentsMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsPatentsMethods, systems, and computer programs for processing payment request for a payment instrument. The method includes setting issuer attributes for the payment instrument and setting payer attribute for the payment instrument. A request for payment approval is received. The request is verified against...https://www.google.com/patents/US20160132889?utm_source=gb-gplus-sharePatent US20160132889 - System and method for payer controlled payment processing systemAdvanced Patent SearchTry the new Google Patents, with machine-classified Google Scholar results, and Japanese and South Korean patents.Publication numberUS20160132889 A1Publication typeApplicationApplication numberUS 14/194,668Publication dateMay 12, 2016Filing dateMar 1, 2014Priority dateMar 1, 2014Publication number14194668, 194668, US 2016/0132889 A1, US 2016/132889 A1, US 20160132889 A1, US 20160132889A1, US 2016132889 A1, US 2016132889A1, US-A1-20160132889, US-A1-2016132889, US2016/0132889A1, US2016/132889A1, US20160132889 A1, US20160132889A1, US2016132889 A1, US2016132889A1InventorsGovindaraj SetlurOriginal AssigneeGovindaraj SetlurExport CitationBiBTeX, EndNote, RefManPatent Citations (35), Classifications (3) External Links: USPTO, USPTO Assignment, EspacenetSystem and method for payer controlled payment processing system
US 20160132889 A1Abstract
Methods, systems, and computer programs for processing payment request for a payment instrument. The method includes setting issuer attributes for the payment instrument and setting payer attribute for the payment instrument. A request for payment approval is received. The request is verified against payer set attributes. The request is also verified against issuer set attributes. An approval message is generated when payment request matches both payer set attributes and issuer set attributes.

Images(10)          Claims(36)
What is claimed is:
 
 1. A method for processing payment request for a payment instrument, the method comprising:
setting issuer attributes for the payment instrument; setting payer attributes for the payment instrument; receiving request for payment approval; verifying request against payer set attributes; verifying request against issuer set attributes; and generating an approval message if payment request matches both payer set attributes and issuer set attributes, wherein at least one method operation is executed by a processor. 

  
 2. The method as recited in claim 1, further including generating a disapproval message if either payer set attributes or issuer set attributes do not match the payment request.

  
 3. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein, setting payer attributes further including:
setting an instrument active field, wherein if the instrument active field is set to disable, then generating a disapproval message, without checking any other attributes set by the payer. 

  
 4. The method as recited in claim 3, wherein, if the instrument active field is set to enable, then checking other attributes set by the payer.

  
 5. The method of claim 4, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the payment transaction was received during a predefined period set by the payer.

  
 6. The method of claim 4, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether a payment amount is within a preset value per transaction.

  
 7. The method of claim 4, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether payment request originated from a predefined geographic location.

  
 8. The method of claim 4, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether payment request originated from a predefined merchant type.

  
 9. The method of claim 6, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the payment amount is within a preset total value of all payment transactions.

  
 10. The method of claim 6, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the transaction is within a preset total permitted transactions.

  
 11. The method of claim 4, further including displaying setting of instrument active field on a display device.

  
 12. The method of claim 11, wherein if the instrument active field is set to enable, displaying one or more payer attributes on the display device.

  
 13. A system to process payment request for a payment instrument, the system comprising:
a card management system to set issuer attributes for the payment instrument in a CMS data store; and a payer controlled module to set payer attributes for the payment instrument in a PCM data store, wherein:
the system receives a request for payment approval;
the payer controlled module verifies request against payer set attributes;
the card management system verifies request against issuer set attributes; and
the card management system generates an approval message if payment request matches both payer set attributes and issuer set attributes.
 

  
 14. The system as recited in claim 13, wherein the card management system generates a disapproval message if either payer set attributes or issuer set attributes do not match the payment request.

  
 15. The system as recited in claim 13, wherein, one of the payer attribute further including an instrument active field, wherein if the instrument active field is set to disable, then a disapproval message is generated, without checking any other attributes set by the payer.

  
 16. The system, as recited in claim 15, wherein, if the instrument active field is set to enable, then checking other attributes set by the payer.

  
 17. The system of claim 16, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the payment transaction was received during a predefined period set by the payer.

  
 18. The system of claim 16, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether a payment amount is within a preset value per transaction.

  
 19. The system of claim 16, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether payment request originated from a predefined geographic location.

  
 20. The system of claim 16, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether payment request originated from a predefined merchant type.

  
 21. The system of claim 18, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the payment amount is within a preset total value of all payment transactions.

  
 22. The system of claim 18, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the transaction is within a preset total permitted transactions.

  
 23. The system of claim 16, further including displaying setting of instrument active field on a display device.

  
 24. The system of claim 23, wherein if the instrument active field is set to enable, displaying one or more payer attributes on the display device.

  
 25. A non-transitory computer readable medium having program instructions that when executed by a computing device implements a method for processing a payment request for a payment instrument, said method comprising:
setting issuer attributes for the payment instrument; setting payer attribute for the payment instrument; receiving request for payment approval; verifying request against payer set attributes; verifying request against issuer set attributes; and generating an approval message if payment request matches both payer set attributes and issuer set attributes, wherein at least one method operation is executed by a processor. 

  
 26. The non-transitory computer readable medium as recited in claim 25, further including generating a disapproval message if either payer set attributes or issuer set attributes do not match the payment request.

  
 27. The non-transitory computer readable medium as recited in claim 25, wherein, setting payer attribute further including:
setting an instrument active field, wherein if the instrument active field is set to disable, then generating a disapproval message, without checking any other attributes set by the payer. 

  
 28. The non-transitory computer readable medium as recited in claim 27, wherein, if the instrument active field is set to enable, then checking other attributes set by the payer.

  
 29. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 28, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the payment transaction was received during a predefined period set by the payer.

  
 30. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 29, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether a payment amount is within a preset value per transaction.

  
 31. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 29, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether payment request originated from a predefined geographic location.

  
 32. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 29, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether payment request originated from a predefined merchant type.

  
 33. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 30, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the payment amount is within a preset total value of all payment transactions.

  
 34. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 30, wherein checking other attributes includes checking whether the transaction is within a preset total permitted transactions.

  
 35. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 28, further including displaying setting of instrument active field on a display device.

  
 36. The system of claim 35, wherein if the instrument active field is set to enable, displaying one or more payer attributes on the display device.

 
Description
CLAIM OF PRIORITY
 [0001]  None.
 BACKGROUND
 [0002]  1. Field of the Invention
  [0003]  The present invention relates to methods and system for payer controlled payment system, and more particularly, methods, systems, and computer programs for providing selective payer controlled payment transactions.
  [0004]  2. Description of the Related Art
  [0005]  Payment processing systems are based on various inter-linked systems and networks. For example, payment systems may be based on a payment instrument, for example, a credit card or a debit card. Some debit systems may be configured as a pre-paid debit card, with a pre-defined available balance. Some debit card systems may be configured as a pre-paid gift card, with a pre-defined available balance. Payment instruments are issued to a payer or a payment instrument holder, by an issuer. In some examples, an issuer may be a banking or financial institution.
  [0006]  In general, there are multiple systems that communicate with each other, to complete a payment transaction for a payment instrument. Each payment transaction generally includes an authorization cycle and a settlement cycle. Authorization cycle is initiated to approve or disapprove a requested payment to a merchant based on a payment instrument presented by a payment instrument holder or a payer. A settlement cycle is initiated periodically to confirm conclusion of a payment transaction, so that approved payment amount may be paid to the merchant and approved payment amount is collected from the payer or the payment instrument holder.
  [0007]  As one skilled in the art appreciates, a limited time is allocated for completion of a payment transaction through multiple systems. These systems are designed to provide automated transaction approval. Additionally, risk of loss due to improper approval of a payment transaction for a payment instrument is allocated to the merchant who receives the payment instrument information or an issuer who issues the payment instrument to a payer, depending upon certain predefined criteria. Although there are various levels of control to prevent data breach, information related to a payment instrument may be acquired by unscrupulous personnel. It is not uncommon for these unscrupulous personnel to improperly use the information related to a payment instrument in a transaction.
  [0008]  It may be advantageous to provide for improved systems and methods for payer controlled payment processing system. It is in this context that embodiments of this disclosure arise.
 SUMMARY
 [0009]  Embodiments of the present invention provide methods, systems, and computer programs for payer controlled payment processing system. In one embodiment, a method for processing payment request for a payment instrument is disclosed. The method includes setting issuer attributes for the payment instrument and setting payer attribute for the payment instrument. A request for payment approval is received. The request is verified against payer set attributes. The request is also verified against issuer set attributes. An approval message is generated if payment request matches both payer set attributes and issuer set attributes.
  [0010]  In another embodiment, a system to process payment request for a payment instrument is disclosed. The system includes a card management system to set issuer attributes for the payment instrument in a CMS data store. The system also includes a payer controlled module to set payer attributes for the payment instrument in a PCM data store. The system receives a request for payment approval. The payer controlled module verifies request against payer set attributes. The card management system verifies request against issuer set attributes. The card management system generates an approval message if payment request matches both payer set attributes and issuer set attributes.
  [0011]  In another embodiment, a non-transitory computer readable medium having program instructions, which when executed by a computing device implements a method for an access control system.
  [0012]  The present disclosure is now described in detail with reference to a few embodiments thereof as illustrated in the accompanying drawings. In the following description, numerous specific details are set forth in order to provide a thorough understanding of the present disclosure. It is apparent, however, to one skilled in the art, that the present disclosure may be practiced without some or all of these specific details. In other instances, well known process operations and structures have not been described in detail in order not to unnecessarily obscure the present disclosure. In addition, while the disclosure is described in conjunction with the particular embodiments, it should be understood that this description is not intended to limit the disclosure to the described embodiments. To the contrary, the description is intended to cover alternatives, modifications, and equivalents as may be included within the spirit and scope of the disclosure as defined by the appended claims.


BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
 [0013]  The invention may best be understood by reference to the following description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings.
  [0014]   FIG. 1 illustrates a block diagram of the payment instrument processing system, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0015]   FIG. 2 illustrates an example block diagram of the payer controlled module, the CMS and payer computer of payment instrument processing system of FIG. 1, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0016]   FIG. 2A illustrates an example issuer table, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0017]   FIG. 2B illustrates an example payer table, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0018]   FIG. 3 illustrates an example payment transaction information packet, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0019]   FIG. 4 illustrates a flow diagram showing example processing of a payment for a payment instrument, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0020]   FIG. 5 illustrate an exemplary network environment suitable for implementing an example payment instrument processing system, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0021]   FIG. 5A illustrates computing device architecture of a computing device for use in the exemplary network environment of FIG. 5.
  [0022]   FIG. 6 illustrates an example payer computer, in one example of this disclosure.
  [0023]   FIG. 6A illustrates a table with various payment instrument status indicator displayed on the payer computer of FIG. 6.
 
DETAILED DESCRIPTION
 [0024]  The following embodiments describe methods, systems, and computer programs for payer controlled payment processing system. It will be apparent, that the present embodiments may be practiced without some or all of these specific details. In other instances, well known process operations have not been described in detail in order not to unnecessarily obscure the present embodiments.
  [0025]  Now, referring to FIG. 1, a payment instrument processing system 100 will be described. The payment instrument processing system 100 includes an issuer system 102, a card network system 104 and an acquirer system 106. The issuer system 102 communicates with the card network system 104 over link 108. The card network system 104 communicates with the acquirer system 106 over link 110.
  [0026]  The issuer system 102 may be part of a bank or a financial institution system that issues a payment instrument to a payer. The payment instrument may be based on a specific instrument network system. Some of the well known card network systems are card systems based on VISA®, MasterCard®, Discover® and American Express® card network system. The issuer system 102 may further include a card management system 114. Card management system 114 may be sometimes referred to as a CMS 114. CMS 114 further includes a CMS data store 116.
  [0027]  When an issuer, issues a payment instrument to a payer, various information related to the payment instrument and the payer is stored in the CMS data store 116. Some of the information stored in the CMS data store 116 may be, name of the payer, address of the payer, contact information for the payer, payment instrument identification number, expiration date of the payment instrument, amount of available funds on the payment instrument. The CMS data store 116 may also store one or more additional identification number, specifically issued to the payment instrument. Some of the information stored in the CMS data store 116 may be physically printed on the payment instrument. The issuer system 102 further includes a payer controlled module 118. The payer controlled module 118 is configured to communicate with a payer computer 120 over link 122. Functions and features of payer controlled module 118 will be later described in detail.
  [0028]  An acquirer system 106 may be a card processing system run by one or more acquirers. Sometimes, acquirers may be banking institutions. The acquirer system 106 includes a card information processing system 124, which may be sometimes referred to as a CIPS 124. The CIPS 124 is configured to communicate with a card reader device 126, over a link 128. In general, an acquirer provides a card reader device 126 at a point of sale location, for example, to a merchant, to receive information stored in a payment instrument. These types of transactions are referred to as a card present (CP) transactions.
  [0029]  In some examples, information related to the payment instrument may be entered into a computer, for example, in a payment screen of a web application. For example, in some examples, the CIPS 124 may be configured to present a payment screen on a computing device 130, over a link 132, to receive information related to the payment instrument. These types of transactions are referred to as a card not present (CNP) transactions. CP transactions and CNP transactions may require entry of additional information, to validate the transaction. In some examples, entry of additional information is either physically present in the payment instrument or only known to the payer of the payment instrument.
  [0030]  The card network system 104 includes an issuer routing system 134 and an acquirer routing system 136. The issuer routing system 130 is configured to selectively communicate with the issuer system 102 over link 110, based on selective information stored in the payment instrument. The acquirer routing system 132 is configured to selectively communicate with an acquirer system 106 over link 112, based on selective identification information received from the acquirer system. As one skilled in the art appreciates, the card network system 104 acts as a transaction routing system to selectively route communication between an acquirer system 106 and a corresponding issuer system 102. An example payment transaction processing for a payment instrument will now be described.
  [0031]  Each payment transaction generally includes an authorization cycle and a settlement cycle. Authorization cycle is initiated to approve or disapprove a requested payment. A settlement cycle is initiated periodically to confirm conclusion of a payment transaction, so that acquirer can pay the approved payment amount to a merchant and issuer can bill a payer for the approved payment amount.
  [0032]  Authorization cycle is started when a payment instrument information is entered and submitted to the acquirer system 106. For example, a payment transaction information may include information related to the payment instrument along with the amount to be paid. The payment transaction information is received by the CIPS 124 of the acquirer system 106. CIPC 124 may receive payment transaction information from either a computing device 130, in a CNP transaction or from a card reader system 126 in a CP transaction. The acquirer system 106 decodes a portion of the payment transaction information to determine the corresponding card network the payment instrument belongs to. Based on the card network the payment instrument belongs to, the payment transaction information is transmitted to the corresponding card network system. For example, the payment transaction information is transmitted to card network system 104, over link 112. Now, the acquirer system 106 awaits for an approval or disapproval of the payment transaction from the card network system 104.
  [0033]  The card network system 104 decodes a portion of the payment transaction information to determine the specific card issuer and transmits the payment transaction information to the card issuer system. For example, the card network system 104 may decode a portion of the payment transaction information and determine the specific card issuer, by using the issuer routing system 134. In some examples, the issuer routing system 134 transmits the payment transaction information to the card issuer system 102, over link 110. Now, the card network system 104 awaits for an approval or disapproval of the payment transaction by the card issuer system 102.
  [0034]  Upon receipt of the payment transaction information, the card issuer system 102 determines if the requested payment should be approved, based on one or more pre-defined criteria. For example, the card issuer system 102 may use the CMS 114 to determine if the payment transaction should be approved or disapproved. For example, CMS 114 may check the credit limit established for the payment instrument and validation of the payment instrument identification information stored in the CMS data store 116. If there is a match, the CMS 114 may indicate to the card issuer system 102 to communicate an approval message. If there is no match, the CMS 114 may indicate to the card issuer system 102 to communicate a disapproval message.
  [0035]  The card issuer system 102 sends a return message to the card network system 104 either approving or disapproving the payment transaction. The card network system 104 in turn, forwards the return message of approval or disapproval to the acquirer system 106. For example, the card issuer system 102 may use the acquirer routing system 136 to determine the corresponding acquirer system to forward the return message.
  [0036]  The acquirer system 106 receives the return message over link 112. Upon receipt of the return message, based on the message content (approval or disapproval), the acquirer system 106 send a message to the card reader system 126 or the computing device 130 indicating the approval or disapproval of the transaction. For example, the CIPS 124 of the acquirer system 106 may communicate with the computing device 130 or the card reader system 126 to indicate the approval or disapproval of the transaction. This completes the approval cycle of the payment transaction.
  [0037]  A settlement cycle is initiated periodically to confirm conclusion of a payment transaction, so that approved payment amount may be paid to the merchant and approved payment amount is collected from the payer or the payment instrument holder. For example, settlement cycle may be run periodically, for example, at the end of the day. The acquirer system 106 compiles all the payment transactions that were approved and sends it to the card network system 104. The card network system 104 segregates all the payment transactions by its corresponding issuer system and sends specific completed payment transaction to the corresponding issuer system. Eventually, as part of the conclusion of the settlement cycle, each issuer pays the total approved amount owed to the corresponding acquirer. The acquirer pays its merchant, payment owed by the payer. And, the issuer collects the amount paid from the payer.
  [0038]  Having described an example payment transaction processing by the payment processing system 100, now the functions and features of the payer controlled module 118 will be described, with reference to FIG. 2.
  [0039]   FIG. 2 illustrates a block diagram of the payer controlled module 118, the CMS 114 and payer computer 120. As one skilled in the art appreciates, the payer controlled module 118 and CMS 114 may be implemented in hardware, software or a combination of hardware and software.
  [0040]  Payer controlled module 118 includes a PCM processor module 136, a PCM data store 134, a PC communication module 138, a payer configuration module 140, a CMS communication module 142 and a transaction communication module 144. The PCM processor module 136 performs various processing functions of the payer controlled module 118. PCM processor module 136 may be a hardware processor or a software processor configured to perform various arithmetic and logic functions. PCM data store 134 may be used to store and access various data values on a temporary or permanent basis.
  [0041]  PC communication module 138 may be configured to communicate with the payer computer 120. For example, the PC communication module 138 may be configured to communicate with a PCM configuration module 146 of the payer computer 120, over link 122. PC communication module 138 may also be configured to communicate with other functional modules of PCM 118. Payer configuration module 140 is configured to set various parameters of the payer controlled module 118, which will be described in detail with reference to FIG. 2B. For example, payer configuration module 140 may communicate with the payer computer using the PC communication module 138 to receive various inputs, for example, from a payer. Based on the received input, the payer configuration module 140 may store one or more parameters in the PCM data store. In some examples, payer configuration module 140 may communicate with the payer computer using the PC communication module 138 to present various input screens on the payer computer.
  [0042]  The CMS 114 may include a CMS processor module 148, CMS data store 116, PCM communication module 150 and CNS communication module 152. The CMS processor module 148 performs various processing functions of the CMS 114. CMS processor module 148 may be a hardware processor or a software processor configured to perform various arithmetic and logic functions. CMS data store 116 may be used to store and access various data values on a temporary or permanent basis. The PCM communication module 150 is configured to communicate with PCM 118, over link 106. For example, PCM communication module 150 may communicate with CMS communication module 142 of PCM 118. The CNS communication module 152 may be configured to communicate with CNS 104 over link 110. As one skilled in the art appreciates, CNS communication module 152 and PCM communication module 150 may be configured to communicate with other functional modules of CMS 114. In some examples, the CNS 104 may communicate with transaction communication module 144 of PCM 118 over link 154.
  [0043]  Now, referring to FIG. 2A, an example issuer table 200 that may be created and maintained by the issuer in the CMS 114 is described. The issuer table 200 may be stored in the CMS data store 116. Issuer table 200 maintains various attributes related to a payment instrument. For example, column 202 stores payment instrument identification number. Column 204 stores name of the payee. Column 206 stores credit limit of the payment instrument. Column 208 stores available credit for the payment instrument. Column 210 stores validity date for the payment instrument. Column 212 stores address of the payer. Column 214 stores city of the payer. Column 216 stores state of the payer. Column 218 stores zip code of the payer. As one skilled in the art appreciates, additional attributes related to the payer and the payment instrument may be stored in the issuer table 200.
  [0044]  Now, referring to row 220, for payment instrument identification of 12345, the name of the payer is ABC. The credit limit of the payment instrument 12345 is $3000. The available credit for the payment instrument 12345 is $2500. The validity date of the payment instrument 12345 is Feb. 15, 2016. The address of the payer is 123 A St. The city of the payee is Monroe, the state of the payee is MA and postal zip code of the payee is 01445. Similarly, referring to row 222, for payment instrument identification of 45678, the city of payee is Newark and postal zip code of payee is 34152.
  [0045]  Now, referring to FIG. 2B, an example payer table 240 that may be created and maintained by a payer in the PCM 118 is described. The payer table 240 may be stored in the PCM data store 134. Payer table 240 maintains various attributes related to a payment instrument, as set by the payer. For example, column 242 stores payment instrument identification number. Column 244 stores active status of the instrument, for example whether the payment instrument is enabled or disabled. Column 246 stores number of transactions permitted. Column 248 stores total value permitted for the transactions. Column 250 stores maximum value per transaction. Column 252 stores date and time the corresponding row was set by a payer. Column 254 stores duration the payment instrument should be active. Column 256 stores sleep time for the payment instrument. Column 258 stores the geographic location where the payment instrument can be used. Column 260 stores the type of merchants the payment instrument can be used. As one skilled in the art appreciates, additional attributes related to the payment instrument may be stored in the payer table 200 by the payer
  [0046]  Now, referring to row 262, for payment instrument identification of 12345, the active status of the instrument indicates that it is enabled. Permitted number of transactions are 3. Total value permitted for the transactions are $100. Maximum permitted value per transaction is $30. The date and time the payer for payment instrument identification number of 12345 set various attributes is Feb. 2, 2014 at 10:00 AM, as shown in column 252. The payment instrument will be active for 3 hrs, after a sleep time of 32 hours from the date and time shown in column 252. The geographic location where the payment instrument can be used is MA. The payment instrument may be used at any type of merchant.
  [0047]  Now referring to row 264, for payment instrument identification number 34567, the active status of the instrument indicates it is disabled. Now, referring to row 266, for payment instrument identification number 67890, the payment instrument may be used at any merchant who sells gas, grocery and at a department store.
  [0048]  The credit limit of the payment instrument 12345 is $3000. The available credit for the payment instrument 12345 is $2500. The validity date of the payment instrument 12345 is Feb. 15, 2016. The address of the payer is 123 A St. The city of the payee is Monroe, the state of the payee is MA and postal zip code of the payee is 01445. Similarly, referring to row 222, for payment instrument identification of 45678, the city of payee is Newark and postal zip code of payee is 34152.
  [0049]  As previously described with reference to FIG. 1, the issuer routing system 134 of CNS 104 transmits the payment transaction information to the card issuer system 102, over link 110. Then, the card network system 104 awaits for an approval or disapproval of the payment transaction by the card issuer system 102. Now, referring to FIG. 3, an example, payment transaction information packet 300 is described.
  [0050]  Now, referring to FIG. 3, an example payment transaction information packet 300 is described. The payment transaction information packet 300 may have a plurality of fields of data. For example, the payment transaction information packet 300 may have an issuer ID 302, payer instrument ID 304, acquirer ID 306, merchant ID 308, merchant name 310, merchant type 312, request date-time 314, merchant location 216, payment amount 318, payer name 320, payer zip code 322 and instrument validity date 322 fields. As one skilled in the art appreciates, payment instrument information packet 300 may have additional fields of data. In some examples, some of the field data related to the payer and issuer may be stored in a data store in the payment instrument.
  [0051]  As one skilled in the art appreciates, one or more fields of data contained in the payment transaction information packet 300 may correspond to or relevant to one or more fields of data stored in the issuer table 200 and payer table 240. For example, payer instrument ID 304 may correspond to specific instrument ID 202 and instrument ID 242 stored in the issuer table 200 and payer table 240. Merchant type 312 may be relevant to type of merchant 260 field in the payer table 240. Merchant location 316 field may relevant to GEO location 258 field in the payer table 240. Request date-time 314 field may be relevant to date and time 252 field, duration 254 and sleep time 256 field of the payer table 240. Payment amount 318 may be relevant to value per 250 field of the payer table.
  [0052]  In some examples, a magnetic strip data store may be affixed to the payment instrument. In some examples, other types of memory devices may be affixed to the payment instrument. In some examples, the payment instrument may be a virtual instrument, with corresponding issuer data and payer data stored in a data store corresponding to the virtual instrument. In some examples, one or more fields of data may be physically displayed or printed on the payment instrument and the merchant or the payer may have to enter the data manually. In yet another example, some of the fields of data may not be physically present on the payment instrument and only the payer knows about the data corresponding to those fields of data. As an example, the zipcode of the payer may not be present on the payment instrument and the payer manually enters the data corresponding to the zipcode, at the instrument reader system or computing device, at the point of sale of the goods and services. Now, referring to FIG. 4, an example flow diagram 400 to set up a payment instrument and process a payment request for the payment instrument is described.
  [0053]  Referring to FIG. 4, flow diagram 400, in block 5402, issuer attributes for a payment instrument is set. For example, an issuer may assign a instrument identification number for the payment instrument. Additionally, the issuer may set one or more attributes for the payment instrument. For example, a row corresponding to the instrument identification number may be set in the issuer table 200 as described with reference to FIG. 2A. As previously described with reference to FIGS. 2 and 2A, the CMS 114 may set the corresponding row in the issuer table 200 and store the updated issuer table 200 in the CMS data store 116.
  [0054]  In block 5404, payer attributes for payment instrument is set. For example, a payer may set one or more payer attributes for the corresponding payment instrument. For example, a row corresponding to the instrument identification number of the payer may be set in the payer table 240 as described with reference to FIG. 2B. As previously described with reference to FIGS. 2 and 2B, the PCM 118 may set the corresponding row in the payer table 240 and store the updated payer table 240 in the PCM data store 134.
  [0055]  In one example, payer configuration module 140 may communicate with the payer computer, over link 122. For example, the payer configuration module 140 may communicate to the PC communication module 138 which may in turn communicate with the PCM configuration module 146. PCM configuration module may present one or more input screen to the payer on a display device of the payer computer 120. One or more input screens may be used to receive one or more payer set attributes. For example, the input provided by the payer to the payer computer 120 may be communicated to the PCM 118 over link 122. One or more attributes as provided by the payer is updated and stored in the payer table 240, in the row that corresponds to the instrument identification of the payer.
  [0056]  In block 5406, a request for payment approval is received. In some examples the request for payment approval may include a payment transaction information packet 300 as described with reference to FIG. 3. As previously described, the request for payment approval may be received by the CIPS 124 of the acquirer system 106, which is routed to the corresponding card network system 104. For example, the card network system 104 may decode a portion of the payment transaction information packet 300 and determine the issuer ID. The card network system 104 then routes the request for approval of a payment to the corresponding issuer system 102, based on the information contained in the issuer routing table 134 that corresponds to the specific issuer ID. The request for payment approval is received sent over link 110.
  [0057]  In one example, the request for payment approval is received by the CMS 114. The CMS 114 may further route the request to the PCM 118 over link 106. In some examples, the request for payment approval may be received by both CMS 114 and PCM 118. For example, the PCM 118 may received the request for payment approval over link 154.
  [0058]  In block 5408, the request for payment approval is verified against payer set attributes. For example, the instrument ID of payment instrument for the received request for payment approval is first extracted from the payment transaction information packet 300. Then, based on the instrument ID for the payment instrument, various attributes of the request for payment approval is compared against the payer set attributes. As an example, various information contained in the payment transaction information packet 300 of the request is compared against corresponding attributes stored in the payer table row that corresponds to the instrument identification number. In one example, the active status of the payment instrument is first checked, for example, if the active status in column 244 is set to enable or disable. If the status of the payment instrument is set to disable, the PCM 118 may return a message to the CMS 114 indicating that the payment request should be denied or disapproved. In some examples, no other payer set attributes will be checked if the active field is set to disable. If the status of the payment instrument is set to enable, then the requested payment information is compared against other attributes set by the payer to generate a message indicative of approval or disapproval. For example, various fields of the payment transaction information packet 300 may be checked against attributes set by the payer, for a match.
  [0059]  For example, payer instrument ID 304 may be used to identify specific instrument ID 242 stored in the payer table 240. Then, one or more attributes of the payment information packet 300 may be compared with associated fields of data corresponding to the instrument ID 242 field that matches with the payer instrument ID 304. For example, merchant type 312 field may be used to compare with type of merchant 260 field in the payer table 240. Merchant type 312 field may be used to compare with the type of merchant 260 field in the payer table 240. Merchant location 316 field may be compared with GEO location 258 field in the payer table 240. Request date-time 314 field may be compared against date and time 252 field, duration 254 and sleep time 256 field of the payer table 240 to confirm that a payment transaction is permitted during the time period when the request for payment approval was generated. Payment amount 318 may be compared with value per 250 field of the payer table to confirm the payment amount 318 is within the permitted value per transaction. If the payment amount 318 is within the permitted value per transaction, the total value 248 field may be compared with the payment amount 318 to confirm that the approval of the payment transaction will not exceed the total value 248 set in the payer table 240. Additionally, the # of transactions 246 field may be checked to see if this specific payment request approval is within the permitted number of transactions by the payer. If this specific payment request approval is within the permitted number of transactions, the # of transactions 246 field may be incremented by one. In some examples, upon approval of the payment transaction, the # of transactions 246 field may be incremented by one. Further, the total value 248 field may also be updated by subtracting the value of the transaction from the total value 248 field to reflect the updated total value 248 of the payer table 240.
  [0060]  In block S410, if the requested payment information, for example, as received in one or more fields of the payment transaction information packet 300 matches or permitted per the payer set attributes, a message indicative of approval is sent to the CMS 114. If the requested payment information does not match the payer set attributes, a message indicative of disapproval is sent to the CMS 114.
  [0061]  For example, payer instrument ID 304 may be used to identify specific instrument ID 202 stored in the issuer table 200. Then, one or more attributes of the payment information packet 300 may be compared with associated fields of data corresponding to the instrument ID 202 field that matches with the payer instrument ID 304. For example, payer name 320 field may be compared with name 204 of the payer for a match. Instrument validity date 322 may be compared with validity date 210 field for a match. Payer zipcode 320 field may be compared with zip code 218 field of the issuer table 200. Payment amount 318 may be compared with available credit 208 field of the issuer table to confirm the payment amount 318 is within the available credit. If the payment amount 318 is within the available credit 208, upon approval, the available credit 208 field may be updated by subtracting the payment amount 318 from the previous available credit amount
  [0062]  If in block S410, the message indicative of disapproval is generated, in block S418, a message rejecting payment request is sent to the card network system 104. In one example, the CMS 114 sends a message indicating disapproval of the payment request to the card network system 104.
  [0063]  If in block S410, the message indicative of approval is generated, in block S412, the request for payment approval is verified against issuer set attributes. For example, the instrument identification of payment instrument for the received request for payment approval is first extracted. Then, based on the instrument identification for the payment instrument, various fields of the payment transaction information packet 300 may be checked against attributes set by the issuer, for a match. As an example, various fields of data of the payment transaction information packet 300 is compared against the attributes stored in the issuer table row that corresponds to the instrument identification number.
  [0064]  In block 5412, if the requested payment information for example, as received in one or more fields of the payment transaction information packet 300 matches the issuer set attributes, in block 5416, a message approving payment request is sent to the card network system 104. For example, the CMS 114 sends a message approving the payment request to the card network system 104. If the requested payment information does not match the issuer set attributes, in block 5418, a message indicative of disapproval is sent to the card network system 104.
  [0065]  As one skilled in the art appreciates, payment approval systems operate on a rigid time frame to exchange messages between various systems. In some examples, the operations performed to verify request against payer set attributes and operations performed to verify request against issuer set attributes may be performed in parallel or independent of each other. In some examples, it may be preferable to send any messages to the card network system from the CMS 114. For example, if a payment request is disapproved by the PCM 118, it may be beneficial in some examples to pass the disapproval message through CMS 114 so that CMS 114 is aware of all transactions related to a payment instrument.
  [0066]   FIG. 5 illustrates an example network environment 550 suitable for implementing embodiments of the invention. Network environment 550 includes a network 560 coupling one or more servers 570 and one or more clients 580 to each other. In particular embodiments, network 560 is an intranet, an extranet, a virtual private network (VPN), a local area network (LAN), a wireless LAN (WLAN), a wide area network (WAN), a metropolitan area network (MAN), a portion of the Internet, another network, or a combination of two or more such networks 560.
  [0067]  One or more links 552 couple a server 570 or a client 580 to network 560. In particular embodiments, one or more links 552 each includes one or more wireline, wireless, or optical links 552. In particular embodiments, one or more links 552 each includes an intranet, an extranet, a VPN, a LAN, a WLAN, a WAN, a MAN, a portion of the Internet, or another link 552 or a combination of two or more such links 552.
  [0068]  Each server 570 may be a stand-alone server or may be a distributed server spanning multiple computers or multiple datacenters. Servers 570 may be of various types, such as, for example and without limitation, web server, news server, mail server, message server, advertising server, file server, application server, exchange server, database server, or proxy server. Each server 570 may include hardware, software, embedded logic components, or a combination of two or more such components for carrying out the appropriate functionalities implemented or supported by server 570. For example, a web server is generally capable of hosting websites containing web pages or particular elements of web pages. More specifically, a web server may host HTML files or other file types, or may dynamically create or constitute files upon a request, and communicate them to clients 580 in response to HTTP or other requests from clients 580. A mail server is generally capable of providing electronic mail services to various clients 580. A database server is generally capable of providing an interface for managing data stored in one or more data stores. In one example, payment instrument processing system 100 of this disclosure may be implemented on one or more servers 570. In some example, some of the modules of the payment instrument processing system 100 may be implemented on one server 570 and other modules of the payment instrument processing system 100 may be implemented on another server 570.
  [0069]  In particular embodiments, one or more data storages 590 may be communicatively linked to one or more severs 570 via one or more links 552. Data storages 590 may be used to store various types of information. The information stored in data storages 590 may be organized according to specific data structures. In particular embodiments, each data storage 590 may be a relational database. Particular embodiments may provide interfaces that enable servers 570 or clients 580 to manage, e.g., retrieve, modify, add, or delete, the information stored in data storage 590.
  [0070]  In particular embodiments, each client 580 may be an electronic device including hardware, software, or embedded logic components or a combination of two or more such components and capable of carrying out the appropriate functionalities implemented or supported by client 580. For example and without limitation, a client 580 may be a desktop computer system, a notebook computer system, a netbook computer system, a handheld electronic device, or a mobile telephone. Further, each client 580 may be a computing device, such as a desktop computer or a work station, or a mobile device, such as a notebook computer, a network computer, a tablet computer or a smart telephone. In some embodiments, client 580 may be similar to payer computer 120.
  [0071]  In particular embodiments, a client 580 may have a web browser 582, such as MICROSOFT INTERNET EXPLORER, GOOGLE CHROME, or MOZILLA FIREFOX, and may have one or more add-ons, plug-ins, or other extensions. A user at client 580 may enter a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) or other address directing the web browser 582 to a server 570, and the web browser 582 may generate a Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) request and communicate the HTTP request to server 570. In some embodiments, an application, for example, an access control system may communicate with the web browser 582 and send commands to the web browser 582. The web browser 582 may generate a Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) request and communicate the HTTP request to server 570. Server 570 may accept the HTTP request and communicate to client 580 one or more Hyper Text Markup Language (HTML) files responsive to the HTTP request. Client 580 may render a web page based on the HTML files from server 570 for presentation to the user. In some embodiments, the client 580 may send commands to an application, for example, the payment instrument processing system 100 so that the payment instrument processing system 100 processes the commands and displays the results of the command. The present disclosure contemplates any suitable web page files. As an example and not by way of limitation, web pages may render from HTML files, Extensible Hyper Text Markup Language (XHTML) files, or Extensible Markup Language (XML) files, according to particular needs. Such pages may also execute scripts such as, for example and without limitation, those written in JAVASCRIPT, JAVA, MICROSOFT SILVERLIGHT, combinations of markup language and scripts such as AJAX (Asynchronous JAVASCRIPT and XML), and the like. Herein, reference to a web page encompasses one or more corresponding web page files (which a browser may use to render the web page) and vice versa, where appropriate.
  [0072]  Web browser 582 may be adapted for the type of client 580 where the web browser executes. For example, a web browser residing on a desktop computer may differ (e.g., in functionalities) from a web browser residing on a mobile device. A user of the access control system may access the website via web browser 582 or via a link between the access control system and the web browser 582.
  [0073]  Computing Device Architecture
  [0074]   FIG. 5A is a block diagram of one embodiment of a computing device architecture of a computing device 500, for example, computing device architecture of a client 580. The computing device 500 generally includes one or more computer-readable mediums 502, a processing system 504, an Input/Output (I/O) subsystem 506, radio frequency (RF) circuitry 508 and audio circuitry 510. These components may be coupled by one or more communication buses or signal lines 503. The device 500 can be any portable electronic device, including but not limited to a handheld computer, a tablet computer, a mobile phone, a media player, personal digital assistant (PDA) and the like, including a combination of two or more of these items.
  [0075]  It should be apparent that the architecture shown in FIG. 5A is only one example of an architecture for the computing device 500, and that the device 500 could have more or fewer components than shown, or a different configuration of components. The various components shown in FIG. 5A can be implemented in hardware, software or a combination of both hardware and software, including one or more signal processing and/or application specific integrated circuits. The RF circuitry 508 is used to send and receive information over a wireless link or network to one or more other devices and includes well-known circuitry for performing this function, including but not limited to an antenna system, an RF transceiver, one or more amplifiers, a tuner, one or more oscillators, a digital signal processor, a CODEC chipset, memory, etc. In some embodiments, the RF circuitry 508 is capable of establishing and maintaining communications with other devices using one or more communications protocols, including but not limited to time division multiple access (TDMA), code division multiple access (CDMA), global system for mobile communications (GSM), Enhanced Data GSM Environment (EDGE), wideband code division multiple access (W-CDMA), Wi-Fi (such as IEEE 802.11a, IEEE 802.11b, IEEE 802.11g and/or IEEE 802.11n), Bluetooth, Wi-MAX, voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), a protocol for email, instant messaging, and/or a short message service (SMS), or any other suitable communication protocol, including communication protocols not yet developed as of the filing date of this document.
  [0076]  The RF circuitry 508 and the audio circuitry 510 are coupled to the processing system 504 via the peripherals interface 516. The interface 516 includes various known components for establishing and maintaining communication between peripherals and the processing system 504. The audio circuitry 510 is coupled to an audio speaker 540 and a microphone 542 and includes known circuitry for processing voice signals received from interface 516 to enable a user to communicate in real-time with other users. In some embodiments, the audio circuitry 510 includes a headphone jack (not shown). Voice and data information received by the RF circuitry 508 and the audio circuitry 510 (e.g., in speech recognition or voice command applications) is sent to one or more processors 518 via the interface 516. The one or more processors 518 are configurable to process various data formats for one or more applications 530.
  [0077]  Note that the term “data” includes but is not limited to text, graphics, Web pages, JAVA applets, emails, instant messages, voice, digital images or video, widgets, MP3s, etc., which can be used by one or more applications 530 stored on medium 502 (e.g., Web browser, email, etc.). In some embodiments, the device 100 is capable of uploading and downloading various data from the Internet over a wireless network or an external port 536, such as files, songs, digital images, videos, emails, widgets, instant messages and the like.
  [0078]  The peripherals interface 516 couples the input and output peripherals of the device to the processor 518 and the computer-readable medium 502. The one or more processors 518 communicate with the one or more computer-readable mediums 502 via a controller 520. The computer-readable medium 502 can be any device or medium that can store code and/or data for use by the one or more processors 518. The medium 502 can include a memory hierarchy, including but not limited to cache, main memory and secondary memory. The memory hierarchy can be implemented using any combination of RAM (e.g., SRAM, DRAM, DDRAM), ROM, FLASH, magnetic and/or optical storage devices, such as disk drives, magnetic tape, CDs (compact disks) and DVDs (digital video discs). The medium 502 may also include a transmission medium for carrying information-bearing signals indicative of computer instructions or data (with or without a carrier wave upon which the signals are modulated). For example, the transmission medium may include a communications network, including but not limited to the Internet (also referred to as the World Wide Web), intranet(s), Local Area Networks (LANs), Wide Local Area Networks (WLANs), Storage Area Networks (SANs), Metropolitan Area Networks (MAN) and the like.
  [0079]  The one or more processors 518 run various software components stored in the medium 502 to perform various functions for the device 500. In some embodiments, the software components include an operating system 522, a communication module (or set of instructions) 524, a contact/motion module (or set of instructions) 526, a graphics module (or set of instructions) 528, one or more applications (or set of instructions) 530, a timer module (or set of instructions) 532 and a Web browser module (or set of instructions) 534.
  [0080]  The operating system 522 (e.g., Darwin, RTXC, LINUX, UNIX, OS X, WINDOWS, or an embedded operating system such as VxWorks) includes various procedures, sets of instructions, software components and/or drivers for controlling and managing general system tasks (e.g., memory management, storage device control, power management, etc.) and facilitates communication between various hardware and software components.
  [0081]  The communication module 524 facilitates communication with other devices over one or more external ports 536 and includes various software components for handling data received the RF circuitry 508 and/or the external port 536. The external port 536 (e.g., USB, FireWire™, etc.) is adapted for coupling directly to other devices or indirectly over a network (e.g., the Internet, wireless LAN, etc.).
  [0082]  The graphics module 528 includes various known software components for rendering, animating and displaying graphical objects on a display surface of the multi-touch-sensitive display system 512. Note that the term “graphical object” includes any object that can be displayed to a user, including without limitation text, web pages, icons, digital images, animations and the like.
  [0083]  The one or more applications 530 can include any applications installed on the device 500, including without limitation, a browser, address book, contact list, email, instant messaging, word processing, keyboard emulation, widgets, JAVA-enabled applications, encryption, digital rights management, voice recognition, voice replication, location determination capability (such as that provided by the global positioning system (GPS)), a music player (which plays back recorded music stored in one or more files, such as MP3 or AAC files), etc.
  [0084]  In some embodiments, the device 500 may include the functionality of an MP3 player. In some embodiments, the device 500 may include one or more optional optical sensors (not shown), such as CMOS or CCD image sensors, for use with imaging applications.
  [0085]  The contact/motion module 526 includes various software components for performing various tasks associated with the touch-sensitive display system 112.
  [0086]  The I/O subsystem 506 is coupled to the touch-sensitive display system 512 and one or more other physical control devices 514 (e.g., pushbuttons, switches, dials, LEDs, etc.) for controlling or performing various functions, such as power control, speaker volume control, ring tone loudness, keyboard input, scrolling, hold, menu, screen lock, clearing and ending communications and the like. The touch-sensitive display 512 communicates with the processing system 504 via the touch sensitive screen controller 548 which includes various components for processing user input (e.g., scanning hardware). The one or more other input controllers 544 receives/sends electrical signals from/to the other input or control devices 546. The other input/control devices 546 may include physical buttons (e.g., push buttons, rocker buttons, etc.), dials, slider switches, sticks, and so forth.
  [0087]  The touch-sensitive display 512 displays visual output to the user. The visual output may include text, graphics, video, and any combination thereof. Some or all of the visual output may correspond to user-interface objects. The touch-sensitive display 512 may also accept input from the user based on haptic and/or tactile contact. The touch-sensitive display 512 forms a touch-sensitive surface that accepts user input. The touch-sensitive display 512 and the touch screen controller 548 (along with any associated modules and/or sets of instructions in the medium 502) detects contact (and any movement or release of the contact) on the touch-sensitive display 512 and converts the detected contact into interaction with user-interface objects, such as one or more soft keys, that are displayed on the touch screen when the contact occurs. In an exemplary embodiment, a point of contact between the touch-sensitive display 512 and the user corresponds to one or more digits of the user. The touch-sensitive display 512 may use LCD (liquid crystal display) technology, or LPD (light emitting polymer display) technology, although other display technologies may be used in other embodiments. The touch-sensitive display 512 and touch screen controller 120 may detect contact and any movement or release thereof using any of a plurality of touch sensitivity technologies, including but not limited to capacitive, resistive, infrared, and surface acoustic wave technologies, as well as other proximity sensor arrays or other elements for determining one or more points of contact with the multi touch-sensitive display 512. The user may make contact with the multi touch-sensitive display 512 using any suitable object or appendage, such as a stylus, pen, finger, and so forth.
  [0088]  In some embodiments, in addition to the touch screen, the device 500 may include a touchpad (not shown) for activating or deactivating particular functions. In some embodiments, the touchpad is a touch-sensitive area of the device that, unlike the touch screen, does not display visual output. The touchpad may be a touch-sensitive surface that is separate from the touch-sensitive display 512 or an extension of the touch-sensitive surface formed by the touch-sensitive display 512.
  [0089]  The device 500 also includes a power system 538 for powering the various hardware components. The power system 538 can include a power management system, one or more power sources (e.g., battery, alternating current (AC)), a recharging system, a power failure detection circuit, a power converter or inverter, a power status indicator (e.g., a light emitting diode (LED)) and any other components typically associated with the generation, management and distribution of power in portable devices.
  [0090]  In some embodiments, the peripherals interface 516, the one or more processors 518, and the memory controller 520 may be implemented on a single chip, such as the processing system 504. In some other embodiments, they may be implemented on separate chips.
  [0091]   FIG. 6 shows an example payer computer 600. Payer computer 600 may be similar to payer computer 120 of FIG. 1. The payer computer 600 includes a display device 602. The display device 602 may include a payer instrument status indicator 604 area and a payer input 604 area. The payer instrument status indicator 604 area indicates the instrument status, for example, whether the payment instrument active field is enabled or disabled. Payer input 604 area may be used to present one or more fields to the payer to receive one or more inputs from the payer. In some examples, an authentication information may have to be entered by the payer to access the payer computer 600. After authentication, payer may be able to set one or more payer attributes using the payer computer 600.
  [0092]   FIG. 6A shows an example table 610 with some possible depiction of the payment instrument status indicator 604. For example, column 612 depicts possible representation of status indicators if the instrument is enabled. Column 614 depicts possible representation of status indicators if the instrument is disabled. Various rows of table 610 depict possible representation of icons indicative of the status of the instrument. As an example, referring to row 616, if the instrument is enabled, an icon as depicted in column 612 may be displayed as the payment instrument status indicator 604. If on the other hand, the instrument is disabled, an icon as depicted in column 614 may be displayed as the payment instrument status indicator 604. In some examples, the icon may be color coded. In some examples, the icons may have one or more characters displayed, for example, as shown in row 618.
  [0093]  In some examples, if the instrument is enabled, the payment instrument status indicator 604 may include additional information related to the payment instrument. As an example, referring to row 620, the payment instrument status indicator 604 may indicate total value available for the payment instrument. In yet another example, referring to row 622, the payment status indicator 604 may indicate duration for which the payment instrument will be still active. In this example, the duration is shown in days:hours:minutes format.
  [0094]  As one skilled in the art appreciates, payment instrument status indicator 604 may also be configured to be an active icon, whereby the payment instrument status indicator 604 may be selected or activated to perform additional operations. As an example, if the display device 602 is a touch sensitive display, touching the payment instrument status indicator 604 may launch one or more programs to interact with the payer.
  [0095]  In some examples, the payer computer 600 may be similar to device 500, as described with reference to FIG. 5A. As one skilled in the art appreciates, the payer computer 600 may be a mobile device and the payer may be able to selectively switch or set the payment instrument active field just before initiating a payment transaction. In this way, possibility for misuse of the payment instrument may be minimized. In some examples, additional payer attributes may be selectively set by the payer, in anticipation of a payment transaction. For example, payer may set a geography attribute based on where the payment instrument is anticipated to be used. As one skilled in the art appreciates, geography attribute may extend to a city, state, country or group of countries.
  [0096]  Although some of the systems and methods have been described with reference to a credit card processing systems, as one skilled in the art appreciates, systems that may be used to process other payment instruments like checks, bank drafts, electronic payment instruments, direct debit mechanisms to financial institutions and other types of payment instructions may be implemented by suitably modifying one or more embodiments of this disclosure.
  [0097]  The foregoing descriptions of specific embodiments of the present invention are presented for purposes of illustration and description. They are not intended to be exhaustive or to limit the invention to the precise forms disclosed. Rather, it should be appreciated that many modifications and variations are possible in view of the above teachings. The embodiments were chosen and described in order to best explain the principles of the invention and its practical applications, to thereby enable others skilled in the art to best utilize the invention and various embodiments with various modifications as are suited to the particular use contemplated.
  [0098]  Herein, reference to a computer-readable storage medium encompasses one or more non-transitory, tangible computer-readable storage media possessing structure that may store a computer program or data. As an example and not by way of limitation, a computer-readable storage medium may include a semiconductor-based or other integrated circuit (IC) (such, as for example, a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) or an application-specific IC (ASIC)), a hard disk, an HDD, a hybrid hard drive (HHD), an optical disc, an optical disc drive (ODD), a magneto-optical disc, a magneto-optical drive, a floppy disk, a floppy disk drive (FDD), magnetic tape, a holographic storage medium, a solid-state drive (SSD), a RAM-drive, a Secure Digital card, a Secure Digital drive, or another suitable computer-readable storage medium or a combination of two or more of these, where appropriate. Herein, reference to a computer-readable storage medium excludes any medium that is not eligible for patent protection under 35 U.S.C. §101.
  [0099]  One or more embodiments of the present invention can also be fabricated as computer readable code on a non-transitory computer readable medium. Herein, reference to software may encompass one or more applications, bytecode, one or more computer programs, one or more executables, one or more instructions, logic, machine code, one or more scripts, or source code, and vice versa, where appropriate.
  [0100]  The present disclosure encompasses all changes, substitutions, variations, alterations, and modifications to the example embodiments herein that a person having ordinary skill in the art would comprehend.


Patent CitationsCited PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS6088686 *Dec 3, 1996Jul 11, 2000Citibank, N.A.System and method to performing on-line credit reviews and approvalsUS7430537 *Jul 10, 2001Sep 30, 2008Paypal, Inc.System and method for verifying a financial instrumentUS7502760 *Aug 9, 2005Mar 10, 2009Amazon Technologies, Inc.Providing payments automatically in accordance with predefined instructionsUS7860781 *Jan 3, 2003Dec 28, 2010Midland Loan Services, Inc.Methods and systems for asset/loan management and processingUS8185466 *Jun 16, 2003May 22, 2012Equilend Holdings LlcSystem and method for securities borrowing and lendingUS8577731 *Sep 30, 2011Nov 5, 2013Sprint Communications Company L.P.Method of transaction processing to support proxy financial cardUS8626644 *Feb 23, 2009Jan 7, 2014Russell H. Greig, JR.Systems and methods for loan option customizationUS9262739 *Jun 29, 2012Feb 16, 2016Paypal, Inc.Method, medium, and system for session based shoppingUS9305295 *Feb 15, 2013Apr 5, 2016Paypal, Inc.Payment processing methods and systemsUS9324002 *Dec 6, 2012Apr 26, 2016Paypal, Inc.User identification and personalization based on automotive identifiersUS20020069160 *Dec 6, 2000Jun 6, 2002Olin Gregg R.Method and system for the creation of a class of loan securitiesUS20020091621 *Jun 29, 2001Jul 11, 2002Incapital Holdings Llc.Method and system for enhanced distribution of financial instrumentsUS20030009409 *May 31, 2002Jan 9, 2003Glenn HornerSystems and Methods for providing risk/return measures for securities lending programsUS20030144950 *Aug 13, 2002Jul 31, 2003Gresham Financial Services, Inc.Loan securitization pool having pre-defined requirementsUS20050080722 *Dec 2, 2004Apr 14, 2005Kemper John L.Online system for delivery of loans to a secondary market purchaserUS20050149421 *Jan 20, 2005Jul 7, 2005Joanne Marlowe-NorenCollateralized variable rate demand notes as a leverage supplementUS20050273406 *Nov 10, 2004Dec 8, 2005Lending Tree, Inc.Method and computer network for co-ordinating a loan over the internetUS20060015463 *Jul 19, 2004Jan 19, 2006Vikas GuptaPerforming automatically authorized programmatic transactionsUS20070016519 *Jul 13, 2006Jan 18, 2007United Parcel Service Of America, Inc.Systems and methods for inventory financingUS20070142925 *Dec 19, 2005Jun 21, 2007Sap AgBundling databaseUS20070192237 *Feb 16, 2006Aug 16, 2007American Student Financial Group, Inc.Multi-pool loan security mechanismUS20080126267 *Nov 28, 2006May 29, 2008Entaire Global Intellectual Property, Inc.System for managing the total risk exposure for a portfolio of loansUS20080243569 *Dec 14, 2007Oct 2, 2008Michael Shane HaddenAutomated loan system and methodUS20080249809 *Aug 8, 2005Oct 9, 2008Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.Computer System for Actively Monitoring and Enhancing the Collateral Security for a Portfolio of Loans to Facilitating Financing and SecuritizationUS20100228651 *Mar 3, 2010Sep 9, 2010Assurant, Inc.Systems and Methods for Providing Loans in Response to the Occurrence of Predetermined EventsUS20100257102 *May 12, 2010Oct 7, 2010Visa International Services AssociationSystems And Methods For Brokered Authentication Express Seller LinksUS20110106601 *May 12, 2010May 5, 2011Jeffrey William PerlmanSystem And Method For Promotion Processing And AuthorizationUS20110191233 *Feb 1, 2011Aug 4, 2011Thomas Michael RussoAuto Substitution Collateral Management System and MethodUS20110276417 *May 4, 2011Nov 10, 2011Andrew CampbellSystem for personalized payments via mobile and internet connected devicesUS20120278256 *Apr 25, 2012Nov 1, 2012Williams Christopher JMethod and apparatus for investing in credit facility and for calculating fee distributionsUS20130144715 *Dec 3, 2012Jun 6, 2013Art KranzleyUnified system, methods, and computer program products enabling the processing of one or more events associated with a transaction executing the purchase and/or use of one or more productsUS20140025576 *Jul 20, 2012Jan 23, 2014Ebay, Inc.Mobile Check-InUS20140081672 *Sep 16, 2013Mar 20, 2014Samir ChawlaCollateralized Cash Clearing System and MethodUS20140180907 *Dec 20, 2013Jun 26, 2014The Bank Of New York MellonSystem and method for optimizing collateral managementUS20160125408 *Oct 8, 2015May 5, 2016Paymation, Inc.Dynamic financial management system, method and device* Cited by examinerClassifications  International ClassificationG06Q20/40Cooperative ClassificationG06Q20/40, G06Q20/4097RotateOriginal ImageGoogle Home - Sitemap - USPTO Bulk Downloads - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - About Google Patents - Send FeedbackData provided by IFI CLAIMS Patent Services  








DYNAMIC FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM, METHOD AND DEVICE - Paymation, Inc.





























Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    DYNAMIC FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM, METHOD AND DEVICE                





                United States Patent Application 20160125408            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            A dynamic personalizable automated finance management system that provides a financial management platform that enables users to easily generate a plurality of customized rules or conditions associated with one or more accounts thereby creating account plans that intelligently and passively execute the transfer of funds among accounts. The rules with a plan are able to define if, how much, when and where to transfer money to and from the accounts based on user entered criteria or triggers upon which the rules/conditions are based.         















Inventors:

                            Crawford, Khellar Sean (Los Angeles, CA, US)                




Application Number:

            14/878857        



Publication Date:

            05/05/2016        



Filing Date:

            10/08/2015        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            Paymation, Inc. (Los Angeles, CA, US)                




Primary Class:

705/34 



Other Classes:

                                    705/39                            



International Classes:

G06Q20/40; G06Q20/10 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20160125408                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20040128189Work support method, work support apparatus and computer-readable storage mediumJuly, 2004Hirano et al.20100049544HEALTH INSURANCE SUBROGATION DATA MANAGEMENTFebruary, 2010Ambrose20060271377Seamless Transfer TechniqueNovember, 2006Johnson20100010904Immediate recognition of financial transactionsJanuary, 2010Sanders et al.20080177569Mobile Phone Based Authentication and Authorization System and Process to Manage Sensitive Individual RecordsJuly, 2008Chen et al.20080140519ADVERTISING BASED ON SIMPLIFIED INPUT EXPANSIONJune, 2008Thiesson et al.20020099638Method and system for electronically communicating with suppliers, such as under an electronic auctionJuly, 2002Coffman et al.20070033150Biometric web payment systemFebruary, 2007Nwosu20040073456Multiple eligibility medical claims recovery systemApril, 2004Gottlieb et al.20060074769Personalized marketing architectureApril, 2006Looney et al.20070192227IOI-based block trading systems, methods, interfaces, and softwareAugust, 2007Fitzpatrick et al. 















Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1.  A method of dynamic financial management of one or more of monetary accounts, the method comprising: receiving, at a financial management server, selection by a user of one of the monetary accounts as a source account for an account rule and selection of another of the monetary accounts as a destination account for the account rule; receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule that define when the financial management server begins and ends enforcement of the account rule; receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of an evaluation trigger that describes one or more times when the account rule is evaluated by the financial management server; receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a primary condition of the account rule, the primary condition comprising: a primary transfer amount metric including at least one of a static value and a percentage, wherein the metric defines a primary quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the primary condition is met; and one or more exception conditions that each define a set of criteria where a transfer of the primary quantity of money to the destination account as defined by the primary condition is not to be performed; generating the account rule based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition, the evaluation trigger, the primary condition and the exception conditions; linking the account rule with a user profile of the user at the financial management server and storing the account rule with the financial management server, wherein the user profile has controlling access of at least one of the source account and the destination account; and at each of the times described by the evaluation trigger: evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied with the financial management server; and if none of the sets of criteria are currently satisfied, calculating the primary quantity of money with the financial management server based on the primary transfer amount metric and initiating the transfer of the primary quantity of money from the source account to the destination account with the financial management server according to the primary condition of the account rule.                    
                    2.  The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving, at the financial management server, selection of the sets of criteria of the exception conditions, each of the sets of criteria comprising: a monitored variable, one or more valid variable values and a contingent alternative transfer amount metric that determines a contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the exception condition is met, wherein the evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied comprises determining if a current value of the monitored variable matches at least one of the valid variable values; and for each of the exceptions that are currently satisfied, calculating the contingent alternative quantity of money with the financial management server based on the contingent alternative transfer amount metric and automatically initiating the transfer of the contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account to the destination account with the financial management server according to the exception of the account rule.                    
                    3.  The method of claim 2, wherein the valid variable values form a range including an upper boundary and a lower boundary within which the monitored variable meets the exception conditions, and selection of the valid variable values includes selection of the upper boundary and the lower boundary.                    
                    4.  The method of claim 3, wherein the range of each of the exception conditions do not overlap such that only one of the exception conditions are able to be satisfied at a time.                    
                    5.  The method of claim 2, wherein the monitored variable is an amount of money within either the destination account or the source account.                    
                    6.  The method of claim 5, further comprising receiving, at the financial management server, selection of one or more monitored variable parameters of the group consisting of: a monitored variable deposit time period, a monitored variable deposit source, a monitored variable deposit type and a monitored variable deposit size range, wherein determining a current value of the monitored variable comprises determining a sum equal to all of the money within the destination account or the source account associated with the monitored variable that meets all of the selected monitored variable parameters.                    
                    7.  The method of claim 4, wherein the monitored variable is an outcome of a sporting event, a grade point average, a letter grade, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts or an amount of a bill.                    
                    8.  The method of claim 7, wherein the evaluation trigger is one of the group consisting of: a date, a periodic frequency period, a deposit from a designated source, a deposit of a designated size, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts and an occurrence of an event.                    
                    9.  The method of claim 8, further comprising receiving, at the financial management server, selection of one or more money quantity parameters of the group consisting of: a money quantity deposit time period, a money quantity deposit source, a money quantity deposit type and a money quantity deposit size range.                    
                    10.  The method of claim 9, wherein calculating the primary quantity of money comprises: if the metric only includes the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters; if the metric only includes the static value, assigning the primary quantity of money to the static value; and if the metric includes both the static value and the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to a summation of the static value and the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters.                    
                    11.  The method of claim 10, wherein: the destination account is controlled by a service provider that bills the user for providing a service; the monitored variable is a billing amount of bills provided by the service provider; the valid variable values are unexpected billing amounts of the bills from the service provider; and the contingent alternative quantity of money is equal to zero, such that if the billing amount is equal to one of the unexpected values, payment of the bill is stopped because the monitored variable is equal to the valid variable values and the second condition is met causing the contingent alternative quantity of money transferred to the service provider to be equal to zero.                    
                    12.  The method of claim 10, wherein either the source account or the destination account is controlled by a different user having a different user profile on the financial management server.                    
                    13.  The method of claim 10, further comprising receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a confirmation preference for the rule including one of the group consisting of: no confirmations required before transfers, confirmations required before all transfers, confirmations required before transfers based only on a designated one or more of the primary condition and the exception conditions of the rule, and confirmations required only if transfer amount exceeds a threshold, wherein the financial management server refrains from the initiating of the transfer until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule.                    
                    14.  The method of claim 13, wherein the starting condition and the ending condition of the account rule are dates.                    
                    15.  The method of claim 13, wherein the ending condition of the account rule is a total quantity of money transferred into the destination account based on the rule, a total quantity of money within the destination account, a manual termination by the user or a total amount of money within the source account.                    
                    16.  The method of claim 14, further comprising presenting the user with a predicted amount of money to be transferred based on the rule with the financial management server.                    
                    17.  The method of claim 16, further comprising presenting to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule with the financial management server.                    
                    18.  The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a product from a third party website having a projected cost; creating a virtual savings bin on the financial management server associated with the product, wherein the destination account is the virtual savings bin; and purchasing the product from the third party website with the financial management server if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost.                    
                    19.  The method of claim 18, further comprising: receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a spending limit for the rule associated with the product; dynamically updating the projected cost with the financial management server to reflect changes in price of the product on the third party website; and refraining from transferring the primary quantity of money or the contingent alternative quantity of money with the financial management server if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit.                    
                    20.  The method of claim 19, further comprising: receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a purchase confirmation preference for the rule associated with the product, the purchase confirmation preference indicating if confirmation is required from the user before purchasing the product; and refraining from purchasing the product from the third party website until the purchase confirmation preference has been met.                    
                    21.  A dynamic financial management system for the management of one or more of monetary accounts, the system comprising: one or more dynamic financial management servers; a client device storing a financial management product and communicatively coupled with the servers over one or more networks, wherein the financial management product is operable to: receive account rule data selected by a user via a user interface, the account rule data comprising: a designation of one of the monetary accounts as a source account for an account rule and a designation of another of the monetary accounts as a destination account for the account rule; a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule that define when enforcement of the account rule begins and ends; an evaluation trigger that describes one or more times when the account rule is evaluated; and a primary condition of the account rule including: a primary transfer amount metric including at least one of a static value and a percentage, wherein the metric defines a primary quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the primary condition is met; and one or more exception conditions that each define a set of criteria where a transfer of the primary quantity of money to the destination account as defined by the primary condition is not to be performed; and transmit the transfer data associated with the account rule to the servers; wherein the dynamic financial management servers are operable to: store the account rule, wherein the account rule is based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition, the evaluation trigger, the primary condition and the exception conditions; associate the account rule with a user profile of the user at the financial management server and storing the account rule with the financial management server, wherein the user profile has controlling access of at least one of the source account and the destination account; and at each of the times described by the evaluation trigger: evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied; and if none of the sets of criteria are currently satisfied, calculating the primary quantity of money based on the primary transfer amount metric and initiating the transfer of the primary quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the primary condition of the account rule.                    
                    22.  The system of claim 21, wherein each of the sets of criteria comprise a monitored variable, one or more valid variable values and a contingent alternative transfer amount metric that determines a contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the exception condition is met; wherein the evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied comprises determining if a current value of the monitored variable matches at least one of the valid variable values; and further wherein dynamic financial management servers are operable to: for each of the exceptions that are currently satisfied, calculate the contingent alternative quantity of money based on the contingent alternative transfer amount metric and automatically initiate the transfer of the contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the exception of the account rule.                    
                    23.  The system of claim 22, wherein the valid variable values form a range including an upper boundary and a lower boundary within which the monitored variable meets the exception conditions, and selection of the valid variable values includes selection of the upper boundary and the lower boundary.                    
                    24.  The system of claim 23, wherein the range of each of the exception conditions do not overlap such that only one of the exception conditions are able to be satisfied at a time.                    
                    25.  The system of claim 22, wherein the monitored variable is an amount of money within either the destination account or the source account.                    
                    26.  The system of claim 25, wherein the account rule data further comprises one or more monitored variable parameters of the group consisting of: a monitored variable deposit time period, a monitored variable deposit source, a monitored variable deposit type and a monitored variable deposit size range, wherein determining the monitored variable comprises determining a sum equal to all of the money within the destination account or the source account associated with the monitored variable that meets all of the selected monitored variable parameters.                    
                    27.  The system of claim 24, wherein the monitored variable is an outcome of a sporting event, a grade point average, a letter grade, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts or an amount of a bill.                    
                    28.  The system of claim 27, wherein the evaluation trigger is one of the group consisting of: a date, a periodic frequency period, a deposit from a designated source, a deposit of a designated size, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts and an occurrence of an event.                    
                    29.  The system of claim 28, wherein the account rule data further comprises one or more money quantity parameters of the group consisting of: a money quantity deposit time period, a money quantity deposit source, a money quantity deposit type and a money quantity deposit size range.                    
                    30.  The system of claim 29, wherein calculating the primary quantity of money comprises: if the metric only includes the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters; if the metric only includes the static value, assigning the primary quantity of money to the static value; and if the metric includes both the static value and the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to a summation of the static value and the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters.                    
                    31.  The system of claim 30, wherein: the destination account is controlled by a service provider that bills the user for providing a service; the monitored variable is a billing amount of bills provided by the service provider; the valid variable values are unexpected billing amounts of the bills from the service provider; and the contingent alternative quantity of money is equal to zero, such that if the billing amount is equal to one of the unexpected values, payment of the bill is stopped because the monitored variable is equal to the valid variable values and the second condition is met causing the contingent alternative quantity of money transferred to the service provider to be equal to zero.                    
                    32.  The system of claim 30, wherein either the source account or the destination account is controlled by a different user having a different user profile on the financial management server.                    
                    33.  The system of claim 30, wherein the account rule data further comprises a confirmation preference for the rule including one of the group consisting of: no confirmations required before transfers, confirmations required before all transfers, confirmations required before transfers based only on a designated one or more of the primary condition and the exception conditions of the rule, and confirmations required only if transfer amount exceeds a threshold, wherein the servers refrain from the initiating of the transfer until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule.                    
                    34.  The system of claim 33, wherein the starting condition and the ending condition of the account rule are dates.                    
                    35.  The system of claim 33, wherein the ending condition of the account rule is a total quantity of money transferred into the destination account based on the rule, a total quantity of money within the destination account, a manual termination by the user or a total amount of money within the source account.                    
                    36.  The system of claim 34, wherein the financial management product is further operable to present the user with a predicted amount of money to be transferred based on the rule.                    
                    37.  The system of claim 36, wherein the financial management product is further operable to present to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule.                    
                    38.  The system of claim 21, wherein the account rule data further comprises a product from a third party website having a projected cost, wherein the financial management product is further operable to create a virtual savings bin on the financial management servers associated with the product, wherein the destination account is the virtual savings bin, and further wherein the servers are operable to purchase the product from the third party website if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost.                    
                    39.  The system of claim 38, wherein the account rule data further comprises a spending limit for the rule associated with the product, wherein the servers are operable to: dynamically update the projected cost to reflect changes in price of the product on the third party website; and refrain from transferring the primary quantity of money or the contingent alternative quantity of money if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit.                    
                    40.  The system of claim 39, wherein the account rule data further comprises a purchase confirmation preference for the rule associated with the product, the purchase confirmation preference indicating if confirmation is required from the user before purchasing the product and further wherein the servers are operable to refrain from purchasing the product from the third party website until the purchase confirmation preference has been met.                    
                    41.  A dynamic financial management product stored on a non-transitory computer-readable medium for providing dynamic financial management of one or more monetary accounts by performing a method comprising: receiving, via a user interface of the product, selection by a user of one of the monetary accounts as a source account for an account rule and selection of another of the monetary accounts as a destination account for the account rule; receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule that define when enforcement of the account rule begins and ends; receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of an evaluation trigger that describes one or more times when the account rule is evaluated; receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a primary condition of the account rule including: a primary transfer amount metric including at least one of a static value and a percentage, wherein the metric defines a primary quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the primary condition is met; and one or more exception conditions that each define a set of criteria where a transfer of the primary quantity of money to the destination account as defined by the primary condition is not to be performed; generating the account rule based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition, the evaluation trigger, the primary condition and the exception conditions, and linking the account rule with a user profile of the user; storing the account rule on the non-transitory computer-readable medium, wherein the user profile has controlling access of at least one of the source account and the destination account; and transmitting the account rule to a financial management server causing the server, at each of the times described by the evaluation trigger, to: evaluate if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied; and if none of the sets of criteria are currently satisfied, calculating the primary quantity of money based on the primary transfer amount metric and initiate the transfer of the primary quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the primary condition of the account rule.                    
                    42.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 41, wherein the method further comprises: receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection of the sets of criteria of the exception conditions, each of the sets of criteria comprising: a monitored variable, one or more valid variable values and a contingent alternative transfer amount metric that determines a contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the exception condition is met, wherein the evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied comprises determining if a current value of the monitored variable matches at least one of the valid variable values; and wherein transmitting the account rule to the financial management server causes the server to, for each of the exceptions that are currently satisfied, calculate the contingent alternative quantity of money based on the contingent alternative transfer amount metric and automatically initiate the transfer of the contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the exception of the account rule.                    
                    43.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 42, wherein the valid variable values form a range including an upper boundary and a lower boundary within which the monitored variable meets the exception conditions, and selection of the valid variable values includes selection of the upper boundary and the lower boundary.                    
                    44.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 43, wherein the range of each of the exception conditions do not overlap such that only one of the exception conditions are able to be satisfied at a time.                    
                    45.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 42, wherein the monitored variable is an amount of money within either the destination account or the source account.                    
                    46.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 45, wherein the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection of one or more monitored variable parameters of the group consisting of: a monitored variable deposit time period, a monitored variable deposit source, a monitored variable deposit type and a monitored variable deposit size range, wherein determining the monitored variable comprises determining a sum equal to all of the money within the destination account or the source account associated with the monitored variable that meets all of the selected monitored variable parameters.                    
                    47.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 44, wherein the monitored variable is an outcome of a sporting event, a grade point average, a letter grade, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts or an amount of a bill.                    
                    48.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 47, wherein the evaluation trigger is one of the group consisting of: a date, a periodic frequency period, a deposit from a designated source, a deposit of a designated size, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts and an occurrence of an event.                    
                    49.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 48, wherein the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection of one or more money quantity parameters of the group consisting of a money quantity deposit time period, a money quantity deposit source, a money quantity deposit type and a money quantity deposit size range.                    
                    50.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 49, wherein calculating the primary quantity of money comprises: if the metric only includes the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters; if the metric only includes the static value, assigning the primary quantity of money to the static value; and if the metric includes both the static value and the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to a summation of the static value and the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters.                    
                    51.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 50, wherein: the destination account is controlled by a service provider that bills the user for providing a service; the monitored variable is a billing amount of bills provided by the service provider; the valid variable values are unexpected billing amounts of the bills from the service provider; and the contingent alternative quantity of money is equal to zero, such that if the billing amount is equal to one of the unexpected values, payment of the bill is stopped because the monitored variable is equal to the valid variable values and the second condition is met causing the contingent alternative quantity of money transferred to the service provider to be equal to zero.                    
                    52.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 50, wherein either the source account or the destination account is controlled by a different user having a different user profile on the financial management server.                    
                    53.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 50, wherein the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a confirmation preference for the rule including one of the group consisting of: no confirmations required before transfers, confirmations required before all transfers, confirmations required before transfers based only on a designated one or more of the primary condition and the exception conditions of the rule, and confirmations required only if transfer amount exceeds a threshold, wherein the financial management server refrains from the initiating of the transfer until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule.                    
                    54.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 53, wherein the starting condition and the ending condition of the account rule are dates.                    
                    55.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 53, wherein the ending condition of the account rule is a total quantity of money transferred into the destination account based on the rule, a total quantity of money within the destination account, a manual termination by the user or a total amount of money within the source account.                    
                    56.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 54, wherein the method further comprises presenting the user with a predicted amount of money to be transferred based on the rule via the user interface.                    
                    57.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 56, wherein the method further comprises presenting to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule via the user interface.                    
                    58.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 41, wherein the method further comprises: receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a product from a third party website having a projected cost; and sending a virtual savings bin message to the server causing the server to create a virtual savings bin on the financial management server associated with the product, wherein the destination account is the virtual savings bin, wherein the transmitting of the account rule to the server causes the server to purchase the product from the third party website if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost.                    
                    59.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 58, wherein the method further comprises: receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a spending limit for the rule associated with the product, wherein the transmitting of the account rule to the server causes the server to dynamically update the projected cost to reflect changes in price of the product on the third party website and refrain from transferring the primary quantity of money or the contingent alternative quantity of money if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit.                    
                    60.  The dynamic financial management product of claim 59, wherein the method further comprises: receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a purchase confirmation preference for the rule associated with the product, the purchase confirmation preference indicating if confirmation is required from the user before purchasing the product, wherein the transmitting of the account rule causes the server to refrain from purchasing the product from the third party website until the purchase confirmation preference has been met.                    




Description:

CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONSThis application claims priority from U.S. Provisional Patent Application Ser. No. 62/062,427, filed Oct. 10, 2014 and entitled “SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR PROVIDING AN INFRASTRUCTURE, MODULAR COMPONENTS, AND CONFIGURABLE USER INTERFACE AND RELATED FUNCTIONALITY TO ENABLE AND FACILITATE SIMPLIFIED, OPTIMIZED, AND CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT OF FINANCES AND FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS,” which is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety.FIELD OF THE INVENTIONThe present invention relates to the field of financial management. Specifically, the present invention relates to a personalized dynamic financial management system, method and device.BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTIONCurrently, all automatic savings or bill payment systems are limited to “dumb” payments that are for fixed amounts and are unable to adjust based on differing financial or other conditions. In particular, none of these systems allow users to easily automate rule based payments that cause transfers to behave dynamically according to evaluations of fluctuating variables such as balances, income, and other factors. As a result, users who desire more intricate control and/or are financially unable to rigidly save or make payments according to unchanging schedules and static amounts are unable to setup automatic finance management that meets their needs.SUMMARY OF THE INVENTIONA dynamic personalizable automated finance management system provides a financial management platform that enables users to easily generate a plurality of customized rules or conditions associated with one or more accounts thereby creating account plans. In particular, the rules are able to define if, how much, when and where to transfer money to and from the accounts based on user entered criteria or triggers upon which the rules/conditions are based.A first aspect is directed to a method of dynamic financial management of one or more of monetary accounts. The method comprises receiving, at a financial management server, selection by a user of one of the monetary accounts as a source account for an account rule and selection of another of the monetary accounts as a destination account for the account rule, receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule that define when the financial management server begins and ends enforcement of the account rule, receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of an evaluation trigger that describes one or more times when the account rule is evaluated by the financial management server, receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a primary condition of the account rule, the primary condition comprising a primary transfer amount metric including at least one of a static value and a percentage, wherein the metric defines a primary quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the primary condition is met and one or more exception conditions that each define a set of criteria where a transfer of the primary quantity of money to the destination account as defined by the primary condition is not to be performed, generating the account rule based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition, the evaluation trigger, the primary condition and the exception conditions, linking the account rule with a user profile of the user at the financial management server and storing the account rule with the financial management server, wherein the user profile has controlling access of at least one of the source account and the destination account and at each of the times described by the evaluation trigger evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied with the financial management server and if none of the sets of criteria are currently satisfied, calculating the primary quantity of money with the financial management server based on the primary transfer amount metric and initiating the transfer of the primary quantity of money from the source account to the destination account with the financial management server according to the primary condition of the account rule.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection of the sets of criteria of the exception conditions, each of the sets of criteria comprising: a monitored variable, one or more valid variable values and a contingent alternative transfer amount metric that determines a contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the exception condition is met, wherein the evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied comprises determining if a current value of the monitored variable matches at least one of the valid variable values, and for each of the exceptions that are currently satisfied, calculating the contingent alternative quantity of money with the financial management server based on the contingent alternative transfer amount metric and automatically initiating the transfer of the contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account to the destination account with the financial management server according to the exception of the account rule. In some embodiments, the valid variable values form a range including an upper boundary and a lower boundary within which the monitored variable meets the exception conditions, and selection of the valid variable values includes selection of the upper boundary and the lower boundary. In some embodiments, the method further comprises the range of each of the exception conditions do not overlap such that only one of the exception conditions are able to be satisfied at a time. In some embodiments, the method further comprises the monitored variable is an amount of money within either the destination account or the source account.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection of one or more monitored variable parameters of the group consisting of: a monitored variable deposit time period, a monitored variable deposit source, a monitored variable deposit type and a monitored variable deposit size range, wherein determining a current value of the monitored variable comprises determining a sum equal to all of the money within the destination account or the source account associated with the monitored variable that meets all of the selected monitored variable parameters. In some embodiments, the monitored variable is an outcome of a sporting event, a grade point average, a letter grade, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts or an amount of a bill. In some embodiments, the evaluation trigger is one of the group consisting of: a date, a periodic frequency period, a deposit from a designated source, a deposit of a designated size, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts and an occurrence of an event. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection of one or more money quantity parameters of the group consisting of: a money quantity deposit time period, a money quantity deposit source, a money quantity deposit type and a money quantity deposit size range.In some embodiments, calculating the primary quantity of money comprises if the metric only includes the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters, if the metric only includes the static value, assigning the primary quantity of money to the static value and if the metric includes both the static value and the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to a summation of the static value and the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters. In some embodiments, the destination account is controlled by a service provider that bills the user for providing a service, the monitored variable is a billing amount of bills provided by the service provider, the valid variable values are unexpected billing amounts of the bills from the service provider and the contingent alternative quantity of money is equal to zero, such that if the billing amount is equal to one of the unexpected values, payment of the bill is stopped because the monitored variable is equal to the valid variable values and the second condition is met causing the contingent alternative quantity of money transferred to the service provider to be equal to zero. In some embodiments, either the source account or the destination account is controlled by a different user having a different user profile on the financial management server.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a confirmation preference for the rule including one of the group consisting of: no confirmations required before transfers, confirmations required before all transfers, confirmations required before transfers based only on a designated one or more of the primary condition and the exception conditions of the rule, and confirmations required only if transfer amount exceeds a threshold, wherein the financial management server refrains from the initiating of the transfer until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule. In some embodiments, the starting condition and the ending condition of the account rule are dates. In some embodiments, the end of the account rule is a total quantity of money transferred into the destination account based on the rule, a total quantity of money within the destination account, a manual termination by the user or a total amount of money within the source account. In some embodiments, the method further comprises presenting the user with a predicted amount of money to be transferred based on the rule with the financial management server. In some embodiments, the method further comprises presenting to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule with the financial management server.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a product from a third party website having a projected cost, creating a virtual savings bin on the financial management server associated with the product, wherein the destination account is the virtual savings bin and purchasing the product from the third party website with the financial management server if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a spending limit for the rule associated with the product, dynamically updating the projected cost with the financial management server to reflect changes in price of the product on the third party website and refraining from transferring the primary quantity of money or the contingent alternative quantity of money with the financial management server if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, at the financial management server, selection by the user of a purchase confirmation preference for the rule associated with the product, the purchase confirmation preference indicating if confirmation is required from the user before purchasing the product and refraining from purchasing the product from the third party website until the purchase confirmation preference has been met.A second aspect is directed to a dynamic financial management system for the management of one or more of monetary accounts. The system comprises one or more dynamic financial management servers, a client device storing a financial management product and communicatively coupled with the servers over one or more networks, wherein the financial management product is operable to receive account rule data selected by a user via a user interface, the account rule data comprising a designation of one of the monetary accounts as a source account for an account rule and a designation of another of the monetary accounts as a destination account for the account rule, a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule that define when enforcement of the account rule begins and ends, an evaluation trigger that describes one or more times when the account rule is evaluated and a primary condition of the account rule including a primary transfer amount metric including at least one of a static value and a percentage, wherein the metric defines a primary quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the primary condition is met and one or more exception conditions that each define a set of criteria where a transfer of the primary quantity of money to the destination account as defined by the primary condition is not to be performed and transmit the transfer data associated with the account rule to the servers, wherein the dynamic financial management servers are operable to store the account rule, wherein the account rule is based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition, the evaluation trigger, the primary condition and the exception conditions, associate the account rule with a user profile of the user at the financial management server and storing the account rule with the financial management server, wherein the user profile has controlling access of at least one of the source account and the destination account and at each of the times described by the evaluation trigger evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied and if none of the sets of criteria are currently satisfied, calculating the primary quantity of money based on the primary transfer amount metric and initiating the transfer of the primary quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the primary condition of the account rule.In some embodiments, each of the sets of criteria comprise a monitored variable, one or more valid variable values and a contingent alternative transfer amount metric that determines a contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the exception condition is met, wherein the evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied comprises determining if a current value of the monitored variable matches at least one of the valid variable values and further wherein dynamic financial management servers are operable to: for each of the exceptions that are currently satisfied, calculate the contingent alternative quantity of money based on the contingent alternative transfer amount metric and automatically initiate the transfer of the contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the exception of the account rule. In some embodiments, the valid variable values form a range including an upper boundary and a lower boundary within which the monitored variable meets the exception conditions, and selection of the valid variable values includes selection of the upper boundary and the lower boundary. In some embodiments, the range of each of the exception conditions do not overlap such that only one of the exception conditions are able to be satisfied at a time. In some embodiments, the monitored variable is an amount of money within either the destination account or the source account.In some embodiments, the account rule data further comprises one or more monitored variable parameters of the group consisting of: a monitored variable deposit time period, a monitored variable deposit source, a monitored variable deposit type and a monitored variable deposit size range, wherein determining the monitored variable comprises determining a sum equal to all of the money within the destination account or the source account associated with the monitored variable that meets all of the selected monitored variable parameters. In some embodiments, the monitored variable is an outcome of a sporting event, a grade point average, a letter grade, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts or an amount of a bill. In some embodiments, the evaluation trigger is one of the group consisting of: a date, a periodic frequency period, a deposit from a designated source, a deposit of a designated size, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts and an occurrence of an event. In some embodiments, the account rule data further comprises one or more money quantity parameters of the group consisting of: a money quantity deposit time period, a money quantity deposit source, a money quantity deposit type and a money quantity deposit size range. In some embodiments, calculating the primary quantity of money comprises if the metric only includes the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters, if the metric only includes the static value, assigning the primary quantity of money to the static value and if the metric includes both the static value and the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to a summation of the static value and the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters.In some embodiments, the destination account is controlled by a service provider that bills the user for providing a service, the monitored variable is a billing amount of bills provided by the service provider, the valid variable values are unexpected billing amounts of the bills from the service provider and the contingent alternative quantity of money is equal to zero, such that if the billing amount is equal to one of the unexpected values, payment of the bill is stopped because the monitored variable is equal to the valid variable values and the second condition is met causing the contingent alternative quantity of money transferred to the service provider to be equal to zero. In some embodiments, either the source account or the destination account is controlled by a different user having a different user profile on the financial management server. In some embodiments, the account rule data further comprises a confirmation preference for the rule including one of the group consisting of: no confirmations required before transfers, confirmations required before all transfers, confirmations required before transfers based only on a designated one or more of the primary condition and the exception conditions of the rule, and confirmations required only if transfer amount exceeds a threshold, wherein the servers refrain from the initiating of the transfer until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule.In some embodiments, the starting condition and the ending condition of the account rule are dates. In some embodiments, the ending condition of the account rule is a total quantity of money transferred into the destination account based on the rule, a total quantity of money within the destination account, a manual termination by the user or a total amount of money within the source account. In some embodiments, the financial management product is further operable to present the user with a predicted amount of money to be transferred based on the rule. In some embodiments, the financial management product is further operable to present to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule. In some embodiments, the account rule data further comprises a product from a third party website having a projected cost, wherein the financial management product is further operable to create a virtual savings bin on the financial management servers associated with the product, wherein the destination account is the virtual savings bin, and further wherein the servers are operable to purchase the product from the third party website if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost.In some embodiments, the account rule data further comprises a spending limit for the rule associated with the product, wherein the servers are operable to dynamically update the projected cost to reflect changes in price of the product on the third party website and refrain from transferring the primary quantity of money or the contingent alternative quantity of money if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit. In some embodiments, the account rule data further comprises a purchase confirmation preference for the rule associated with the product, the purchase confirmation preference indicating if confirmation is required from the user before purchasing the product and further wherein the servers are operable to refrain from purchasing the product from the third party website until the purchase confirmation preference has been met.A third aspect is directed to a dynamic financial management product stored on a non-transitory computer-readable medium for providing dynamic financial management of one or more monetary accounts by performing a method comprising receiving, via a user interface of the product, selection by a user of one of the monetary accounts as a source account for an account rule and selection of another of the monetary accounts as a destination account for the account rule, receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule that define when enforcement of the account rule begins and ends, receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of an evaluation trigger that describes one or more times when the account rule is evaluated, receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a primary condition of the account rule including a primary transfer amount metric including at least one of a static value and a percentage, wherein the metric defines a primary quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the primary condition is met and one or more exception conditions that each define a set of criteria where a transfer of the primary quantity of money to the destination account as defined by the primary condition is not to be performed, generating the account rule based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition, the evaluation trigger, the primary condition and the exception conditions, and linking the account rule with a user profile of the user, storing the account rule on the non-transitory computer-readable medium, wherein the user profile has controlling access of at least one of the source account and the destination account and transmitting the account rule to a financial management server causing the server, at each of the times described by the evaluation trigger, to evaluate if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied and if none of the sets of criteria are currently satisfied, calculating the primary quantity of money based on the primary transfer amount metric and initiate the transfer of the primary quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the primary condition of the account rule.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection of the sets of criteria of the exception conditions, each of the sets of criteria comprising: a monitored variable, one or more valid variable values and a contingent alternative transfer amount metric that determines a contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account that is to be transferred if the exception condition is met, wherein the evaluating if the set of criteria of any of the exceptions is currently satisfied comprises determining if a current value of the monitored variable matches at least one of the valid variable values and wherein transmitting the account rule to the financial management server causes the server to, for each of the exceptions that are currently satisfied, calculate the contingent alternative quantity of money based on the contingent alternative transfer amount metric and automatically initiate the transfer of the contingent alternative quantity of money from the source account to the destination account according to the exception of the account rule. In some embodiments, the valid variable values form a range including an upper boundary and a lower boundary within which the monitored variable meets the exception conditions, and selection of the valid variable values includes selection of the upper boundary and the lower boundary. In some embodiments, the range of each of the exception conditions do not overlap such that only one of the exception conditions are able to be satisfied at a time.In some embodiments, the monitored variable is an amount of money within either the destination account or the source account. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection of one or more monitored variable parameters of the group consisting of: a monitored variable deposit time period, a monitored variable deposit source, a monitored variable deposit type and a monitored variable deposit size range, wherein determining the monitored variable comprises determining a sum equal to all of the money within the destination account or the source account associated with the monitored variable that meets all of the selected monitored variable parameters. In some embodiments, the monitored variable is an outcome of a sporting event, a grade point average, a letter grade, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts or an amount of a bill. In some embodiments, the evaluation trigger is one of the group consisting of: a date, a periodic frequency period, a deposit from a designated source, a deposit of a designated size, the clearing of a deposit into one of the monetary accounts and an occurrence of an event. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection of one or more money quantity parameters of the group consisting of a money quantity deposit time period, a money quantity deposit source, a money quantity deposit type and a money quantity deposit size range.In some embodiments, calculating the primary quantity of money comprises if the metric only includes the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters, if the metric only includes the static value, assigning the primary quantity of money to the static value and if the metric includes both the static value and the percentage, assigning the primary quantity of money to a summation of the static value and the product of the percentage and all of the money within the source account that meets all of the selected money quantity parameters. In some embodiments, the destination account is controlled by a service provider that bills the user for providing a service, the monitored variable is a billing amount of bills provided by the service provider, the valid variable values are unexpected billing amounts of the bills from the service provider and the contingent alternative quantity of money is equal to zero, such that if the billing amount is equal to one of the unexpected values, payment of the bill is stopped because the monitored variable is equal to the valid variable values and the second condition is met causing the contingent alternative quantity of money transferred to the service provider to be equal to zero. In some embodiments, either the source account or the destination account is controlled by a different user having a different user profile on the financial management server.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a confirmation preference for the rule including one of the group consisting of: no confirmations required before transfers, confirmations required before all transfers, confirmations required before transfers based only on a designated one or more of the primary condition and the exception conditions of the rule, and confirmations required only if transfer amount exceeds a threshold, wherein the financial management server refrains from the initiating of the transfer until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule. In some embodiments, the starting condition and the ending condition of the account rule are dates. In some embodiments, the ending condition of the account rule is a total quantity of money transferred into the destination account based on the rule, a total quantity of money within the destination account, a manual termination by the user or a total amount of money within the source account. In some embodiments, the method further comprises presenting the user with a predicted amount of money to be transferred based on the rule via the user interface.In some embodiments, the method further comprises presenting to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule via the user interface. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a product from a third party website having a projected cost and sending a virtual savings bin message to the server causing the server to create a virtual savings bin on the financial management server associated with the product, wherein the destination account is the virtual savings bin, wherein the transmitting of the account rule to the server causes the server to purchase the product from the third party website if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a spending limit for the rule associated with the product, wherein the transmitting of the account rule to the server causes the server to dynamically update the projected cost to reflect changes in price of the product on the third party website and refrain from transferring the primary quantity of money or the contingent alternative quantity of money if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit. In some embodiments, receiving, via the user interface of the product, selection by the user of a purchase confirmation preference for the rule associated with the product, the purchase confirmation preference indicating if confirmation is required from the user before purchasing the product, wherein the transmitting of the account rule causes the server to refrain from purchasing the product from the third party website until the purchase confirmation preference has been met.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSFIG. 1A illustrates a dynamic personalizable automated finance management system (AFM) system for providing features of an AFM product according to some embodiments.FIG. 1B illustrates an exemplary more detailed view of the AFM system according to some embodiments.FIG. 2 illustrates a block diagram of an exemplary computing device according to some embodimentsFIG. 3 illustrates a method of dynamic financial management of one or more of monetary accounts according to some embodiments.FIGS. 4A-4N illustrate an exemplary flow chart of implementing the AFM product according to some embodiments.FIGS. 5A-5N illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path AA according to some embodiments.FIGS. 6A-6Q illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path BB according to some embodiments.FIGS. 7A-7I illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path CC according to some embodiments.FIGS. 8A-8R illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path DD according to some embodiments.FIGS. 9A-9K illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path EE according to some embodiments.FIGS. 10A-10L illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path FF according to some embodiments.FIGS. 11A-11I illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path GG according to some embodiments.FIGS. 12A-12N illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path HH according to some embodiments.FIGS. 13A-13E illustrate images of exemplary screen shots that correspond to path II according to some embodiments.FIG. 14 illustrates auto bill pay rule generation selection boxes according to some embodiments.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTIONThe dynamic personalizable automated finance management system (AFM) described herein provides a financial management platform that allows users to easily generate a plurality of customized rules having conditions associated with one or more accounts thereby creating account plans (each plan having one or more rules and each rule having one or more conditions). In particular, the conditions/rules/plans are able to define how much, when and where to transfer money to and from the accounts based on user entered criteria or triggers upon which the conditions of the rules/plans are based. In other words, the AFM gives a user the ability to schedule the payment of bills or the movement of money among different accounts depending on the status and activity of his/her accounts and/or related conditions. As a result, the AFM enables individuals to personalize the actions of their accounts beyond mere savings or bill payment to automatically and dynamically adjust to different personal financial situations or preferences. Accordingly, the AFM provides the advantage of allowing users to move money according to various scheduled rules, thus allowing users at large to fully control their moneys, incomes, and payments based on highly customizable rules. For example if a user schedules a payment for a future date, he/she are able to set up a rule to skip the payment if his/her funding source account (account from which the user's own funds are taken) has a low balance, or increase the payment if his/her funding account balance is unusually high. Therefore, at a time when a transfer is scheduled to be executed (as determined by an entered frequency or an event such as a deposit made to an account and/or the clearance thereof), all of the user's custom settings and rules are evaluated uniquely against all present related conditions to determine what dollar amount should be transferred, when it should be transferred and where it should be transferred to/from.Thus, the AFM is able to be used to set up a fluctuating savings plan for a freelancer with highly variable income patterns, create a specific revenue—split for business partners from one main account to multiple others, set up a dedicated “save and purchase plan” for an item from an online retailer, automatically pay bills as long as they are not unusually high and there exists at least a certain balance in the user's funding account, or passively repay debt among friends or family members. Further, the AFM provides a smart way to conditionally direct income, payments, or savings automatically, mainly in response to fluctuations in the balance and cash—flow of a user's funding source account, but also possibly in response to many other measurable or readable conditions. Accordingly, the AFM provides users with a reliable, passive solution for automatically sending, receiving, and moving different amounts of money according to fluctuations in the users' incomes, account balances, or other digitally available variables from publicly accessible data such as stock prices or prices of products online to private data read through 3rd party application program interfaces. In other words, the AFM is able to provide users with more control over the automation of their cash flow and purchases by incorporating scheduling with programmatic conditional rules which evaluate available data and hence determine resultant financial actions.AFM SystemFIG. 1A illustrates an AFM system 100 for providing features of an AFM product according to some embodiments. Similarly, FIG. 1B illustrates an exemplary more detailed view of the AFM system 100 according to some embodiments As shown in FIGS. 1A and 1B, the system 100 comprises one or more AFM servers 102, one or more client devices 104 and one or more third party servers/devices 106 all coupled together over one or more networks 108. The networks 108 are able to be one or a combination of wired or wireless networks as are well known in the art. The one or more servers 102 are able to store, maintain and/or operate the AFM product for providing the dynamic financial management features of the AFM as described below. In some embodiments, the entirety of the AFM product and its features is able to be provided by the servers 102, for example, in the form of one or more websites operated by the servers 102. Alternatively, a user is able to download some or all of the product from the servers 102 onto one of the client devices 104, wherein the product is in the form of a program or application that is able to execute locally on the client device 104 and provides some or all of the AFM product features. In particular, in such embodiments the downloaded application and the servers 102 together are able to provide all of the features of the AFM product by communicating via the network 108. In other words, together and/or separately the features of the AFM product are able to be provided by one or more websites on the servers 102 and/or a local AFM application on the client devices 102. Alternatively, the application is able to provide all of the features of the product without the servers 102.After being downloaded to the client device 104, the application is able to use the local memory on the device 104 to store and utilize data necessary for operation of the application in an application database on the device 104. Alternatively, some or all of the data for operating the application is able to be stored in a server database on the servers 102 such that the application must connect to the servers 102 over the networks 108 in order to utilize the data on the server database. For example, the locally executing application is able to remotely communicate with the servers 102 over the network 108 to perform any features of the application and/or access any data on the server database not available with just the data on the application database. In some embodiments, the same data is stored on both the server database and the application database such that either local or remote data access is possible. In such embodiments, the databases are able to be periodically synchronized over the network 108. Although as shown in FIG. 1A one AFM server 102 is coupled with three client devices 104 and three 3rd party servers/devices 106, it is understood that the system 100 is able to comprise any number of servers 102, devices 104 and/or servers/devices 106 coupled together via the network 108. Additionally, it should be noted that, for the sake of brevity, the following discussion relates to the functions and operation of application, the application user interface and the application database, however it is understood that the discussion is able to also relate to the function and operation of the website, the website user interface and the server database, or both.The third party servers 106 are able to comprise merchants, banks and other financial institutions, online financial providers, billing service providers, online gaming services, academic institutions, and/or other network-accessible software and/or hardware entities. Specifically, the third party servers 106 are able to be entities having data upon which rules are able to be based (e.g. account data, grade data, sports data), entities having items/services for purchase and data about those items/services, and/or entities having financial account data from which or with which money is able to be transferred. In some embodiments, the user interface of the AFM product (as provided by the website and/or application) is able to comprise a focused question by question guide presentation that enables users to easily schedule financial transactions which may change depending on user defined rules. Alternatively, other forms of interface presentations are able to be used that enable the generation of rules and other features of the product as described herein. Thus, the AFM interface provides the advantage of a streamlined process that breaks down each of the features of the product into a few easy steps.FIG. 2 illustrates a block diagram of an exemplary computing device 200 according to some embodiments. The computing device 200 is able to be one or more of the servers 102 and/or one or more of the devices 104. In general, a hardware structure suitable for implementing the computing device 200 includes a network interface 202, a memory 204, a processor 206, I/O device(s) 208, a bus 210 and a storage device 212. Alternatively, one or more of the illustrated components are able to be removed or substituted for other components well known in the art. The choice of processor is not critical as long as a suitable processor with sufficient speed is chosen. The memory 204 is able to be any conventional computer memory known in the art. The storage device 212 is able to include a hard drive, RAM, SRAM, CDROM, CDRW, DVD, DVDRW, flash memory card or any other storage device. The computing device 200 is able to include one or more network interfaces 202. An example of a network interface includes a network card connected to an Ethernet or other type of LAN. The I/O device(s) 208 are able to include one or more of the following: keyboard, mouse, monitor, display, printer, modem, touchscreen, button interface and other devices. The AFM software or module(s) 230 used to operate the application and/or website are likely to be stored in the storage device 212 and memory 204 and processed as applications are typically processed. More or less components shown in FIG. 2 are able to be included in the computing device 200. In some embodiments, AFM hardware 220 is included. Although the computing device 200 in FIG. 2 includes software 230 and hardware 220 for the AFM product, the features of the AFM product are able to be implemented on the computing device 200 in hardware, firmware, software or any combination thereof. Examples of suitable computing devices include a personal computer, a laptop computer, a computer workstation, a server, a datacenter, a mainframe computer, a handheld computer, a personal digital assistant, a cellular/mobile telephone, a smart appliance, a gaming console, a digital camera, a digital camcorder, a camera phone, an iPod®, a video player, a DVD writer/player, a Blu-ray® writer/player, a television, a home entertainment system or any other suitable computing device.AFM ProductThe AFM product (as implemented by the application and/or website) is able to comprise a login and registration module, an account module, a rule/plan editing module, a rule generation module, a notification module, a rule prioritization module, a review module, an account grouping module, a product purchase module and a virtual savings bin module, wherein the product user interface is configured to enable users to utilize the modules.The Login and Registration ModuleThe login and registration module enables a user to create a user profile by inputting username and password information via the graphical user interface that is then associated with the profile such that the information is able to be used to identify the user when logging onto the application. Alternatively, the login information is able to be omitted and a user is able to use the application without creating a user profile or logging in. In such embodiments, the application on each client device 104 is able to have single a unique profile or identifier that is able to be identified by the server 102 and/or AFM product. After a user profile is created, the user is able to access the profile and any associated data by entering the username and password in order to identify themselves to the application. In some embodiments, 2-factor identity verification may be required, wherein a second tier of validation must be satisfied, such as the automatic transmission via SMS of a temporary password to a user's mobile device which must be entered in order to access the profile.The Account ModuleThe account module enables a user to add one or more accounts to the associated user profile, add or move money between the accounts and withdraw money from the accounts. For example, in order to add an account the module enables a user to enter a routing number and an account number of the account which they would like to associated with the user profile. The user is then able to be prompted for a username and password (or another method of verification) to automatically verify the bank account. Further, if adding a credit card, the user is able to enter the card number, expiration date, and security code, wherein if further verification is required by the credit card issuer, steps will be taken as advised by the card provider. Moreover, if adding an online payment system account (e.g. PayPal®), the module is able to ask and input a username and password associated with the online payment system to link the account. In this manner, the account module enables the user to save the added account and/or add additional accounts. The account module further enables money to be added/transferred/withdrawn between the accounts. For example, the user is able to select one of the accounts associated with the user profile, enters an amount to be added to or withdrawn from another account and confirms the deposit. In some embodiments, the user is able to enter a nickname for the deposit transaction.The Rule Generation ModuleThe rule generation module enables users to generate a rule/plan for one or more accounts (and/or combined accounts as described below) that dynamically transfer money into and/or out of the accounts. Each rule comprises a duration, one or more condition-trigger pairs, an interval/frequency, and one or more actions. As a result, the rules/plans are able to automatically perform designated actions (e.g. transfer money) to manage the accounts of a user profile according to the scenarios defined by the condition-trigger pairs of the rules/plans. For example, a user is able to use the rule generation module to generate an auto bill pay rule/plan associated with an account with two condition pairs. One condition pair to automatically pay a bill if it is under $200 (e.g. condition 1: trigger=bill amount, condition=less than or equal to $200, action=pay bill), and another condition pair to hold the payment, notify the user, and let him/her decide what to do next if the bill is over $200 (e.g. condition 2: trigger=bill amount, condition=greater than $200, action=notify and wait for confirmation). Alternatively, the second/another condition pair is able to be an exception to the first condition such that the first condition is not performed if the second/exception condition is met. For example, the second condition is able to hold the payment, notify the user, and let him/her decide what to do next if the balance of the auto bill pay source account is below $200 (e.g. condition 2: trigger=source account balance, condition=less than $200, action=notify and wait for confirmation). Thus, in the first scenario the bill is not paid (without confirmation) if it is over the expected amount, and in the second scenario, the bill is not paid without confirmation (even if it is lower than $200) if the source account balance is below $200. FIG. 14 illustrates auto bill pay rule generation selection boxes according to some embodiments. The auto bill pay rule generation selection boxes are able to be added to the rule generation interface shown in FIGS. 5-13 as an easier way to add the “funding account must have at least” and/or the “bill amount must be less than” conditions to any of the rules (as either a primary or exception condition). Indeed, any number of types and combinations of conditions described herein are able to be utilized to customize the auto bill pay. Consequently, using one or a plurality of these types of rules/plans for one or more of a user's accounts, the user is able to customize the AFM product such that is automatically financially manages the user's money as desired.The duration of each rule defines when implementation of the rule by the product (e.g. implementation module) is to begin and end. For example, the duration is able to be a defined range of dates such as Jan. 1, 2012 to Mar. 3, 2012 or an undefined range of dates (e.g. with no defined end date) such Jan. 1, 2012 to manual termination by the user. In some embodiments, the duration is able to be seasonal or annual by defining the range of dates such as January 1st, to March 3rd, whereby not specifying a start and end year, the plan is able to persist from year to year and be evaluated as valid as long as the date of execution of the rule is after the first date and before the second date of the same year, or of the following year in cases when the first date is a month that occurs sequentially later in a year such as October 1st to February 3rd. Alternatively, the end and/or start of the duration is able to be based on a starting and/or ending trigger. For example, the end is able to be when a predetermined amount of money transferred by the rule reaches a desired value (e.g. goal). In particular, the end and/or start triggers are able to be any one or combination of the triggers of the condition-trigger pairs as described below wherein the start or termination of performance of the rule by the performance module occurs based on the end/start triggers occurring.The condition-trigger pairs define a trigger or monitored variable (e.g. parameter, criteria) upon which the control of the accounts (for which the plan/rules are created) is based and an associated condition of a value or range of values that the trigger must match in order for an action associated with the pair to be performed. For example, if the value of a trigger matches an acceptable value of the paired condition, the condition is met and the associated action is able to be performed (assuming any other conditions associated with the action have also been met). In some embodiments, each rule is able to have a “primary” condition-trigger pair and one or more “exception” condition-trigger pairs, wherein the primary pair is executed when none of the exception conditions are satisfied. In such embodiments, the condition of this primary pair is the value or values indicated by the interval/frequency of the rule as when the rule is to be evaluated (e.g. every Monday) and the trigger of the primary pair is the interval/frequency parameter (e.g. the day of the week) such that the primary condition-trigger pair is met whenever the interval/frequency is met. As a result, the action associated with the primary pair is executed (pending satisfaction of user confirmation requirements, if any) at each interval when the rule is evaluated unless at least one of conditions of the exception pairs is met (in which case the action of the at least one of the conditions of the exception pairs is executed (again pending satisfaction of user confirmation requirements).In some embodiments, each of the triggers is one of the group comprising: an account balance (e.g. source account, destination account, third party account, local account or combination thereof), a balance change (e.g. income) of an account (source and/or destination account), a balance change (having a value within a specific range, from a specific source, of a specific type and/or during a specific time period) of an account (source and/or destination account), a current date or time (e.g. day, month, year), a price of an item/service (including or excluding taxes, shipping costs, discounts/sales and/or other fees), bill due date, total amount owed (e.g. billed amount plus remaining debt), minimum payment due on bill, a current amount billed (e.g. billed amount), letter/number grade, grade point average, event outcome (e.g. sports event, spread, point totals), other network accessible data values or combinations thereof. For example, a trigger is able to be check deposits or debits, direct/auto deposit deposits, the clearing of check deposits or debits, the clearing of direct/auto deposit deposits, deposits or debits having a value within a desired range (e.g. greater than $100), deposits/debits within last month, the sum of deposits/debits within the last month having a value within a selected range, deposits/debits from one or more designated third party accounts, and/or check deposits within last month within a specified value range from a designated third party account. In other words, any data that is able to be monitored or accessed over a network (e.g. the internet) is able to be used as a trigger.Similarly, the conditions are each able to comprise one or a set of values that the trigger is able to be that satisfy the condition. Thus, the conditions are able to be a numerical range or single value (e.g. 1-100), a dynamic numerical range or single value (e.g. between 10 and 15% of total balance of account), a dynamic or static non-numerical value (e.g. letter grade A, a letter grade above previous letter grade), an event/outcome (e.g. Celtics beat Lakers) or a combination thereof. In other words, the conditions are able to comprise any value or set of values that the paired triggers can be.Additionally, each of the condition-trigger pairs is associated with one or more of the actions such that if the pair is satisfied the one or more of the actions are able to be performed. Further, a plurality of pairs are able to be associated with the same one or more actions such that the action is only performed if all of the associated pairs have been satisfied. For example, a first pair associated with the action of a transfer of $100 to a savings account is able to require an account balance of over $500 and a second pair associated with the same action is able to require a most recent deposit of greater than $1000. Thus, the action of transferring the $100 dollars will only occur when both of the pairs have been satisfied, wherein an action or set of actions are able to be associated with any number of a plurality of pairs. In some embodiments, the pairs of each rule/plan are mutually exclusive such that only one of the pairs is able to be satisfied at once (and therefore only one of the associated actions is performed at once). Alternatively, one or more of the pairs of each rule/plan are able to be satisfied simultaneously or concurrently such that the associated actions are all performed. Indeed, as described above, when one of the actions is associated with a plurality of pairs, by definition, all of the plurality of the pairs all need to be satisfied simultaneously or concurrently for the action to be performed.In some embodiments, each of the rules further comprise starting, ending and/or milestone condition pairs. In particular, these pairs are the same as the condition-trigger pairs except for the differences described herein. Specifically, the action for when the starting condition pair is satisfied is to start the implementation of the rule, the action for when the ending condition pair is satisfied is to terminate or pause the implementation of the rule, and the action for when the milestone condition pair is satisfied is a notification that a milestone has been reached (e.g. saved $1000) to specified users via specified message medium. As a result, the starting and/or ending pairs are able to be used by the implementation module to determine when to start or end implementation of the rule. For example, a starting condition pair is able to be “start when the account balance reaches $1000” and an ending condition pair is able to be “terminate when the account balance reaches $10000.” Alternatively, the ending condition is able to be omitted or indicate that the rule is to be performed indefinitely. And the notification module is activated when a milestone pair is satisfied to transmit the milestone message/notification. For example, a milestone condition pair is able to be “notify parents when grade point average is below to 2.0.” Alternatively, in some embodiments one or both of the starting and ending condition pairs are simply starting and/or ending dates, wherein the implementation module begins implementing the rule on the starting date and ends implementation (via termination or pausing) at the end date, wherein the difference between the terminate action and the pause action is that although both result in the rule no longer being actively implemented, the termination action also deletes the rule from the AFM system whereas the pause action saves the rule for future use/re-activation.The interval (or time of evaluation) defines when and/or how frequently the pairs of the rule are evaluated to determine if the conditions are satisfied by the triggers and thus whether the associated actions should be taken. Thus, the interval is able to be a periodic time (e.g. weekly, monthly, every 10 days), a single time (e.g. Jan. 1, 2020), upon demand/command by a user or based on an interval condition pair. Specifically, the interval condition pair is able to be the same as the condition-trigger pairs except that the action for satisfaction of the interval condition pair is to evaluate the rule and its condition-trigger pairs. For example, the interval condition pair is able to be “every time a deposit is made to a selected account” or “every time a deposit is received from a specific source in a selected account,” or any of the other possible triggers/conditions like the condition trigger-pairs. Thus, by selecting the interval, the user is able to refine when the rule is implemented.As described above, the actions are each associated with one or more of the pairs described above wherein the actions are performed if all of the associated pairs have been satisfied. The actions are able to comprise a transfer of money (e.g. withdrawal or deposit between two or more accounts), a purchase of an item/service (based on the purchase module), information notification to a user of a status (e.g. transfer performed), confirmation notification to a user of a pending action (e.g. please confirm transfer should be performed), termination or pausing of a rule (e.g. for an ending pair), starting of a rule (e.g. for a starting pair), milestone notification (e.g. similar to information notification for milestone pair), or other actions known in the art. Additionally, the actions are able to be conditional or independent combinations of the above actions, wherein independent combinations of actions are all implemented independently when the pairs are met whereas conditional combinations require one or more of the actions of the combination to wait on the performance of one or more of the other actions of the combination (and/or other data) before performance. In other words, two or more actions are grouped such that the same one or more conditions being satisfied causes the entire group to be performed. For example, a condition combination of actions is able to be a confirmation message action and a money transfer action wherein the money transfer action does not occur unless the confirmation action has been performed and the user confirmed that the transfer should be sent/made. As another example, an independent combination is able to be a notification message action and a money transfer action wherein both the notification and the money transfer are performed independent of each other.Further, each of the actions are able to have associated values and/or messages. For example, transfers are able to have an amount of money to transfer and notifications are able to have the data or text of the message to be conveyed, the medium to convey the message and the addresses or users to convey the message to. In particular, the transfer values, like the trigger values, are able to be static amounts (value), relative/dynamic amounts (5% of deposits in the last month) or a combination/hybrid amount ($400 plus 5% of the total balance of the account). Thus, the implementation module is able to use these action values to determine how much to transfer and/or what to “say” when performing transfer and/or notification actions.Thus, the rule generation module is enables users to select one or more of the actions, the triggers, the conditions (acceptable values and/or measurement metric/equation) and the interval via the user interface (e.g. selection from a list of a drop down box, entering text in a text box). Alternatively, one or more of the components of each of the rules are able to be determined automatically by the generation module with default values (e.g. if the user does not or cannot select a value). Once the necessary aspects of the rule/plan have been selected or assigned a default value, the generation module generates and stores the rule such that it is able to be implemented by the implementation module as described below.FIG. 5N, from the path AA as described below, illustrates a generated rule of a plan having an action of transferring money from a selected checking source account to a selected savings destination account based on a primary condition trigger pair (base transfer rule) and two exception condition trigger pairs (conditional rule 1 and conditional rule 2). Specifically, the primary condition will pay a metric determined amount every interval/frequency of 1 month unless the first exception is met with the trigger of the payer's checking account balance meeting the condition of being less than $1000 or the second exception is met with the trigger of the payer's checking account balance meeting the condition of the balance being between $4000 and $10000. The primary condition transfer amount metric/equation is 10% of the checking account balance plus $100, the first exception condition transfer amount metric/equation is 5% of the checking account balance plus $0 and the second exception condition transfer amount metric/equation is 12% of the checking account balance plus $3000. Further, the rule/plan will last for the duration of from Feb. 14, 2014 to an indefinite end date (e.g. no end date; save without limit). Finally, the second exception condition requires a confirmation “(text confirmation is required)” before it is executed whereas the primary and first exception condition do not require confirmation before execution is performed. Other examples of rule/plans are shown in FIGS. 6Q, 7I, 8R, 9K, 10L, 11I and 12N.Performance ModuleThe performance module automatically performs (e.g. via the servers 102 and/or client devices 104) the plans/rules generated by the user according to the characteristics of the plans/rules as defined by the users when generating the rules/plans. In particular, the performance module begins monitoring the starting triggers of each of the rules once they have been created and then begins performing each of the rules when their duration begins based on the starting trigger and ceases performance when their duration ends based on the ending trigger. Similarly, during the performance of each of the rules, the performance module monitors all of the condition trigger values at the specified intervals and performs the associated actions when one or more of the conditions are satisfied based on the values of the corresponding trigger(s). As a result, the performance module automatically and dynamically performs the AFM plans thereby enabling the users to easily control their financial accounts.The Notification ModuleThe notification module enables users to specify whether they would like notifications when one or more of the conditions have been met and sends the notifications based on the user specifications. The notifications are able to be in the form of text messages, emails, voice messages or other types of notification known in the art. For example, one or more of the actions associated with the rules are able to be assigned a notification status, wherein if the status indicates to, the notification module is able to provide notifications before one or more of the actions are performed. As another example, the notification module is able to optionally send notifications to the user based on one or more milestones of a rule being met, such as a savings account reaching the halfway point or a grade point average becoming greater than 3.0.Additionally, one or more of the notifications are able to include a confirmation feature, wherein the action associated with the notification is able to only be performed by the module if the user confirms that the action should be made in response to the notification. For example, each of the condition-trigger pairs of a rule are able to have different or the same confirmation requirements that must be satisfied before the action associated with the condition-trigger pair (and the rule) is performed by the AFM product. Thus, the notifications are able to be used to ensure unwanted actions are not taken by the AFM product without user confirmation. Indeed, in some embodiments when a funding account holder receives a notification including a confirmation feature for manual approval on a pending transfer (e.g. as a result of the conditions of a rule being met), the user has the option to log in and approve the scheduled amount or manually enter an alternative dollar amount to be released instead (e.g. manually overriding the transfer amount). The user is able to also have the option to cancel any individual transfer that is awaiting his/her confirmation. The notification module is further able to send the notifications to one or more parties other than the user (wherein the other party's contact information has been input to the AFM product). For example, both users of a transfer between two users are able to receive notifications as desired.The Rule/Plan Editing ModuleThe rule/plan editing module enables a user to review one or more of the existing rules associated with the user profile and change any of the selected characteristics of the rule and/or delete the rule. For example, the user is able to add conditions to the rule or rules within a given payment plan, change targets of one or more conditions or other adjustments to the rule(s). Additionally, in some embodiments, when a user finishes the initial set up of a rule establishing a payment plan of money from one or more accounts of the user (“payer”) to another account of a different user or third party (“payee”), the rule editing module enables the payer to either allow the payee to review and edit the details of the rule(s) or instead to save and immediately activate the plan without enabling the payee to edit/confirm the rule(s). In contrast, in some embodiments if a rule establishing a payment plan is created by a user who is the payee, the rule is able to always be submitted to the payer for review and editing or approval. In such embodiments, once a payer has received the rule or rules generated by the payee, the editing module enables the payer to allow or revoke the payee's ability to edit plan details. Additionally, in some embodiments whenever this “allow payee editing” feature of the editing module is enabled, any time one of the users (payer or payee) makes one or more changes to the rule, the rule is passed back and forth between the users until all of the users approve the rule without any new changes. In some embodiments, each time a plan is passed back and forth for approval, a summary of the recent changes by each user is provided for the convenience of the users.The Rule/Plan Prioritization ModuleThe rule/plan prioritization module enables a user to adjust the order and therefore priority in which each of the rules associated with one or more of the accounts of their user profile are executed. Specifically, based on this order, each of the plans and their sets of rules are able to be evaluated and then executed in order such that the effects of the previous/higher priority rules/plans on the status/value of the associated accounts and target/parameter values of subsequent rules/plans are included in the evaluation and execution of those subsequent rules/plans. Thus, the rule/plan prioritization module enables the users to optionally rearrange the priority/order that the rules are executed. In some embodiments, this priority is assigned by assigning different times and/or dates when each of the rules are to be executed such that rules with earlier times and/or dates are prioritized before those with later times and/or dates. In such embodiments, if two or more rules are scheduled to execute at the same time, the module is able to prompt the user to assign a priority (e.g. time difference) between the two or more rules until all of the rules are ordered.The Virtual Savings Bin ModuleThe virtual savings bin module enables a user to create savings bins or mini-accounts that are maintained and tracked by the AFM product. These bins are virtual accounts that freeze and control the money within them on behalf of a plan or goal. While the funds within each virtual savings bin are co-mingled in a giant aggregate account, contents of each of the virtual savings bins are not counted in any other balances. Thus, the bins are operated to prevent the money associated within them from being transferred from the aggregate account unless that bin (not the aggregate account) is selected as the source of the transfer.In some embodiments, the savings bin module is able to generate virtual folders of money that will be tracked separately from the rest of the user's moneys held within one or more of the accounts associated with their user profile. These savings bins are able to represent an identified subset of the money in one or more of the accounts, wherein the subset is specified by the user when generating the savings bin with the savings bin module. In some embodiments, the subset is able to be money transferred into one of the accounts as a result of one or more of the rules. Alternatively, the subset is able to be money transferred into one of the accounts by one or more rules and/or any other types of deposits from one or more of the accounts such as those types/amounts of the targets as described above (e.g. checks above $100, account transfers during a specified time period, all deposits).For example, a user is able to set up a savings bin that tracks an amount of money transferred into an associated account based on a rule for saving money each month. As a result, even if the account has a total balance of $100, if $25 of that balance is money transferred based on the rule associated with the savings bin, the savings bin balance will be $25. In particular, this enables a user to easily track how much they have saved for a desired item (e.g. a purse) by creating a purse savings bin associated with a rule that periodically saves money for the purpose. Once set up, the module is able to enable the user to use the savings bin as a funding account or a receiving account just like any other account. Additionally, all moneys in savings bins are able to be available for immediate transfer to any other system users, and/or a user is able to delete savings bins.The Account Grouping ModuleThe account grouping module enables users to create account groups that enable the users to use two or more accounts as a single account within the AFM product. In other words, grouping accounts essentially creates a combined account that is presented to the user within the AFM product such that the combined account represents an aggregation of the deposits and debits of all the accounts that are a part of the combined account. In particular, this is able to provide an ease of use, for example, if a user utilizes multiple different accounts for savings and would like to view their savings as a whole across all or a plurality of the accounts instead of individually. Further, once created, a user is able to use the combined account as if it is a regular single account. For example, a user is able to deposit/withdraw money into/out of the combined account as if it was a single account, utilize the rule generation module to generate rules utilizing the combined account as a source or destination account, and/or any of the other features described herein with respect to the accounts.In order to generate a combined account, the user specifies a plurality of the accounts associated with the user profile that are to make up the combined account and then selects funding and withdrawal policies that define how deposited money is distributed into the accounts of the combined account and/or how withdrawn/transferred money is divided between the balances of the accounts of the combined account. In particular, the withdrawal policies are able to address situations where one or more of the associated accounts have insufficient funds to cover a transfer out of the combined account. In some embodiments, the deposit and/or withdrawal division is able to be percentage based where each of the associated accounts receives and/or contributes an amount based on a percentage assigned to the associated account by the user. In some embodiments, the deposit and/or withdrawal division is able to be proportional to the balance of each of the accounts with response to the whole combined account as dynamically determined each time before the funding/draining occurs.In other words, if an account makes up half of the entire balance of the combined account, it is drained/funded for half of the entire funding/withdrawal amount. Alternatively, the associated accounts are able to be ordered such that the associated accounts are drained and/or funded based on the order as specified by the user. In such embodiments, the switching to the next account within the order is able to be triggered based on one or more switching thresholds being met. For example, each of the associated accounts is able to be associated with a value, a percentage or both such that once the funding or draining of the account has reached the value, the percentage increase/decrease, or a percentage increase/decrease plus or minus the value, the funding or draining switches to the next account within the order. Further, in some embodiments if the end of the order is reached, the remainder of the funding/draining is performed by withdrawing as much as is needed from the last account, regardless of its individual policies, moving back up to the start of the order if needed to drain all that is required to fulfill the transfer from each account in order of priority or once the last account has been drained according to its policies, the module switches back to the start of the order to drain all that is needed from each account in order of priority regardless of their individual policies until the transfer amount has been satisfied. In some embodiments, when defining policies while forming an account group, a user is able to determine whether or not the individual policies for any individual account within the group are “preferred,” or able to be overridden in cases such as those described above, or whether the policies are absolute such that they are never to be violated.Additionally, in some embodiments the policies are able to specify how to handle the case where one or more of the accounts have insufficient funds to meet the amount of their share of a withdrawal (as determined by the withdrawal policy and thresholds for those accounts). For example, the policy is able to specify that if one or more of the accounts in a combined account has insufficient funds: cancel the whole transfer (do not transfer money from any account in the group); cancel those accounts' portions/shares of the transfer and send the withdrawal amount from the remaining accounts of the combined account with sufficient funds; send as much as possible from each of those accounts and then send the remaining withdrawal amount from the remaining accounts of the combined account; set up a linear insufficient funds priority/order to use one account to pick up all insufficient funds, then a second if the first falls short, a third, and so on as the user desires (wherein if there are not enough funds in the last account to cover the difference, all available money will be sent from all actively funding accounts in the group) or distribute the difference equally between the other funding accounts, paying as much from all accounts as possible if there's not enough to fund the whole amount with equal portions. Additionally, in some embodiments if two or more accounts have insufficient funds, or if one or more of the “overflow accounts” has insufficient funds to cover the whole amount of the difference from the account(s) with insufficient funds, as much as possible is able to be transferred from each account and the remaining balance owed is able to continue to be covered equally among any accounts in the account group with remaining funds.Further, in some embodiments, the policies are able to specify an account buffer amount for one or more of the accounts making up the combined account or the combined account as a whole. Thus, if the user selects an option to “protect a certain balance across this combined account” and enters $100 as the protected balance, the distribution of funding and/or draining in combined account proceeds normally, but only after $100 is reserved proportionally over all accounts before performing any funding and/or draining operations. For example, if the combined account was scheduled to transfer $1000 and the accounts have balances of Account A: $750, Account B: $150, and Account C: $100, with the combined account funding method set to “pay automatically/proportionally,” first the protected $100 would be set aside according to the user's “safety buffer” before any calculations are made or transfers sent. The module presumes that Account A has $675 available ($750−$75), Account B has $135 ($150−$15), and Account C has $90 ($100−$10). As a result, the schedules transfer would result in sending $900 in total leaving Account A with $75, Account B with $15, and Account C with $10. In other words, this combined account would always pay as much as possible without dipping into the account buffers. Indeed, in the above case, both the payee and the payer are able to receive a notification that less funds were sent than were scheduled, but that as much was paid as possible according to the policy. In some embodiments, only the payer would be able to see the details of why less funds were sent: that the system was preserving his/her $100 combined account buffer.Finally, in some embodiments, if a user wishes to use certain accounts in a combined account only to inform conditional rules in certain plans, but does not want to use them for that combined account's funding distribution, the module provides the option to disable those accounts from active funding in that combined account by enabling “reference only” for that account in the smart combined account's settings. This option enables a user to select accounts to be included whenever the system references the combined account's balance or income (as in evaluating a conditional rule), but omit it when the combined account is funding a payment or transfer. It should be noted that all of these options described above are able to be input by a user into the account grouping module and then automatically enforced by the grouping module for the combined accounts.The Review ModuleThe review module enables users to review different types of data about the accounts associated with their user profile. Specifically, the review module illustrates incoming and outgoing histories where a user is able to see all transfers that have come in and gone out over time, expand details where a user is able to expand any transaction to see what conditions and settings were triggered in determining transfer amounts, and provide totals where a user is able to see the total cumulative amounts transferred for any plan and how much is still left to pay or save on it. Further, in some embodiments the review module enables the user to hover over any of the rules to see their projected transfer amount according to the current or predicted values of the associated targets/parameter values associated with the rules and the entered priority. In some embodiments, the review module enables a user to choose to “Add an Expected/Adjustment Deposit to the Timeline,” wherein when the user chooses this option, he/she selects the account receiving the deposit and enters an expected deposit amount and expected clearing date. Based on this input (which is able to appear in a different color on the timeline), the review module displays data indicating how payment and plan transfer amounts would change with various account balances or incomes on certain dates. Specifically, after an expected deposit is entered on the timeline, all plans and payments coming after it would show both a “projected transfer amount with current account conditions” and an additional “projected transfer amount with adjusted account conditions.”In some embodiments, the review module enables the user to toggle on or off a setting to “include expected/adjustment deposits in the timeline” according to his/her preference, wherein: (1) if toggled off, expected/adjustment deposits disappear from the timeline and “projected transfer amounts with adjusted account conditions” are removed from payment and plan displays; and (2) If toggled on, the expected deposits are included on the timeline once again and both “projected transfer amounts with current account conditions” and “projected transfer amounts with adjusted account conditions” are shown. Also, the review module enables the user to “verify” his/her account plans by evaluating a selected rule associated with the account and bring the user's attention to potential common errors. For example if a user has one account plan rule that pays $100 if his/her balance is less than $2000 and another rule that pays $200 if his/her balance is over $2001, the verification script will ask him/her if he/she intentionally left a gap in the rules between $2000 and $2001 and the user will have the option to automatically resolve the gap by adjusting one or the other of the rules. If the user chooses to automatically resolve the gap by fixing the first rule, that rule will change to pay $100 if the balance is less than $2001.01 (or less than or equal to $2001). If the user chooses to resolve the gap by choosing to fix the second rule, the rule would be resolved in a similar fashion by paying $200 if the user's balance is more than $1999.99 (or more than or equal to $2000). Thus, the review module helps ensure that fully effective rules for each account plan are generated.The Product Purchase ModuleThe product purchase module enables a user to select a product/service from a merchant (e.g. a merchant website) and associated the product with a rule that will automatically (or upon approval) input the necessary information and transmit the necessary money to purchase the selected product/service if the conditions of the rule are met. In particular, such a product purchase rule is similar to a rule for saving money as described herein except that one of the targets/parameters is the price of the product/service and the action is the purchase of the product/service in addition to the transfer of money for the purpose of savings. For example, the rule is able to be conditioned on the price of the item/service (e.g. including shipping, taxes and/or other fees) being within a specified range. Thus, if the price is within that range and other conditions are met (e.g. the funds saved by the rule being equal or greater that price, the current date being within a specified range, or other types of conditions described herein), the product purchase module will either automatically purchase the product/service or will ask the user for confirmation for the purchase and then purchase or not based on the response to the confirmation.Method of OperationFIG. 3 illustrates a method of dynamic financial management of one or more of monetary accounts according to some embodiments. As shown in FIG. 3, the AFM product inputs selection of a source account and a destination account for an account rule/plan by a user.The AFM product then inputs selection of a starting condition and an ending condition of the account rule by the user at the step 304. The AFM product inputs selection of a condition of the transfer rule including a trigger, one or more valid trigger values, an evaluation time, one or more actions and a transfer metric or equation by the user at the step 306. Alternatively, the AFM product is able to input a plurality of conditions and their associated values from the user for the account rule/plan. In some embodiments, one or more of the input selections are able to be omitted and instead the AFM product is able to provide predetermined default values. Based on the source account, the destination account, the starting condition, the ending condition and the condition, the AFM product generates and stores the account rule/plan at the step 308. The AFM product monitors the trigger of the account rule once the starting condition is satisfied, and upon being triggered to evaluate (based on the evaluation time(s) indicated by the interval/frequency), evaluating the rule by determining the validity of the conditions of the rule and determining an action and a transfer amount (based on the associated transfer amount metric) of the valid one of the conditions at the step 310. In some embodiments, a primary condition is satisfied by default at each of the evaluation times such that the evaluating of the rule comprises determining if any exception conditions are satisfied thereby overriding the primary condition. Finally, the AFM product initiates the action associated with the condition (e.g. transfer of a quantity of money based on the transfer metric from the source account to the destination account) if the trigger value (or monitored variable) matches at least one of the valid trigger values such that the condition is met. In some embodiments, if the rule includes a plurality of conditions associated with the same action, the action is only initiated if all of the conditions are met. In some embodiments, if the rule includes a plurality of conditions associated with different actions, the different actions are each initiated if their associated conditions are all met. In some embodiments, the AFM product then pauses or terminates the account rule when the ending condition has been met. Alternatively, the ending condition is able to be omitted and/or indicate indefinite operation of the rule/plan. As a result, the method provides the advantage of enabling a user to easily automatically manage their financial accounts according to a plurality of selected scenarios.In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving selection by the user of a confirmation preference for the rule (e.g. whether a confirmation notification is required before an action should take place), wherein the AFM product then refrains from the initiating of the action until the confirmation preference has been met for the rule. In some embodiments, the method further comprises presenting a notification of the calculated amount of money to be transferred based on the rule or rules of the plan such that the user is able to evaluate whether the rule is going to do what they want it to accomplish or whether they would like to cancel or amend the transfer for any personal reason. In some embodiments, the method further comprises presenting to the user a total amount of money that has been transferred based on the rule such that the user is able to evaluate whether the rule is doing what they want the rule to accomplish. In other words, the user is able to be presented with “historical” data indicating how much, when and where money has been transferred because of the rule or rules in a given time period in order to determine the effects of the rule or rules in that time period. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving selection by the user of a product/service from a third party website having a projected cost, creating a savings bin for the product and automatically purchasing the product/service from the third party website if an amount of money within the virtual savings bin equals the projected cost. In some embodiments, the method further comprises receiving selection by the user of a spending limit for the rule associated with the product, wherein the AFM refrains from purchasing the product/service or shopping cart of products, services, taxes, and/or shipping fees if the total amount of money transferred based on the rule equals the spending limit. In some embodiments, the source and/or destination accounts are combined accounts that represent a plurality of accounts that are funded and drained according to funding and draining policies. Additionally, although the method of FIG. 3 includes steps 302-310, one or more of the steps are able to be omitted, rearranged and/or additional steps are able to be added including one or more of the features described herein.AFM Implementation ExamplesFIGS. 4A to 4N illustrate an exemplary flow chart 400 of implementing the AFM product according to some embodiments. Additionally, for each path (AA-II) through the flow chart 400, FIGS. 5-13 illustrate exemplary screenshots or images of a user interface of the AFM product implementing the flow chart 400. For example, FIGS. 5A-5N correspond to path AA,FIGS. 6A-6Q correspond to path BB and so on such that FIGS. 13A-13E correspond to path II. Alternatively, one or more screens or images of the user interface are able to be omitted and/or changed while retaining the same functionality of the AFM product.As shown in FIGS. 4A to 4N, once a user has registered and logged in from his/her device 104, he/she arrives at the main menu of the AFM product. From here the user is able to select from various options (e.g. paths AA-II). For example, the main menu options are able to be: create a rule for saving; create a rule to pay another user; create a rule to be paid by another user; create a rule to pay a bill (e.g. recurring); create a rule to save for and automatically purchase an item/service; create a rule to split funds or income into multiple accounts (e.g. creating a combined account); create a one-time payment rule between accounts; create a one-time bill payment rule; and create a money request for an incoming payment proposal from another user. Alternatively, more or less options are able to be provided. Each of the rules are able to be a part of one or more plans associated with a user such that each plan is able to comprise one or more of the rules created by the user. Additionally, one or more of the paths or steps through one or more paths shown in FIGS. 4A-4N are able to be omitted. For example, in some embodiments escrow options are able to be omitted, wherein the paths skip any escrow related steps/options.Paths AA, BB and CCThe streaming savings and payment plans (AA, BB and CC) are mostly functionally the same except that they each have differently worded user prompts and different account options depending on where the involved money is coming from and going to. For example, a savings plan assumes funding would come from and go to one's own accounts and would not include options to enter another user's account information. Just as one can set up a plan to pay another user, it is also possible for a user to set up a plan to be paid. If setting up a plan to be paid by another party, the user would simply set the other user's username as the funding account (source account). If setting up a plan to pay another user, that payee's username would instead be set as the receiving account (destination account). Users begin by setting up funding and receiving account options, scheduling options, and transfer types and amounts. Users then have the opportunity to create conditional rules to determine how money will flow in various custom defined circumstances. In some embodiments, all participants must have an account and a username to use this service. For example, if a user is setting up a plan which involves another party who does not yet have an account, that party is able to receive an invitation and must sign up in order to accept or create any transfers or payments. Alternatively, one or more participants are able to not have accounts and instead have their account information input and/or setup one-time guest accounts with necessary information.The process for setting up a streaming transfer plan (for savings or payment) as provided by the AFM system/product is able to begin with a user selecting a funding account (money will be withdrawn from this account), a receiving account (money will be deposited into this account), a frequency or trigger event for payments ((such as once per month or once every 10 days (e.g. time/schedule based trigger); or when a deposit is cleared into a selected account (e.g. event based); or when a particular type of deposit is cleared into a selected account (e.g. direct deposit, cash or an electronic money transfer)), a start date (date of the first payment or time when the monitoring for triggers begins) and an end date (date the plan will pause or finish). Alternatively, the user is able to opt not to enter an end date if he/she wishes the plan to continue until either he/she stops it or until the goal of the plan has been reached. The user is then able to enter the maximum amount to be saved or paid. In particular, this field is useful for defining a finite saving goal or setting up a payment plan with a finite amount owed. If a streaming transfer plan is created to pay back a $2000 loan, for example, the user is able to enter “$2000” as the maximum amount to be paid and the plan will automatically terminate when that amount has been paid in full. If the user enters “0” or leaves the “maximum amount” field empty, the plan would have no limit and would remain active indefinitely, or until stopped by the user. The AFM also provides the option to enter an annual interest rate on a plan's “remaining amount.” Interest would be calculated and added periodically as determined by the user.The user is also able to set up a “base transfer” type and amount. The base transfer is defined as the basic, default amount that is sent with each transfer as long as the plan is active and no conditional rules (exceptions) or settings intervene. The base transfer is able to be the primary, default transfer directive for the plan. The user is able to first select a transfer type to be used throughout all parts of the plan before entering the base transfer amount, wherein the transfer types are fixed amount, percentage or hybrid (fixed and percentage). The fixed amount transfers are a simple fixed dollar amount would be sent on each transfer date or trigger event, wherein the user is able to enter a fixed dollar amount. The percentage transfers are a percentage of the funding account income or account balance that would be sent on each transfer date or trigger event, wherein the user is able to select a variable from which to calculate a percentage, for example, the entire funding account balance, the entire funding account balance minus a certain dollar amount, the recent income, the recent income minus a certain dollar amount, the recent income from certain sources (e.g. checks, cash, bank transfers, electronic transfers), the recent income from certain sources minus a certain dollar amount or combinations thereof. The user is able to enter the percentage amount and/or an amount to subtract before calculating a percentage and/or the user is able to define an amount of time (e.g. week, month) to go back and calculate “recent income.” Further, the user is able to specify which sources of income should be included (e.g. checks, auto deposits, cash, electronic transfers). In some embodiments, the user is able to enter comma separated “tags” to use to search for certain funding account deposit sources to mark these deposits/sources for inclusion in this income calculation. The percentage amount is able to be dynamically calculated by the AFM product on the date or trigger of each transfer to determine the amount. For example, if the rules is triggered by the clearing of a deposit into a selected account, the percentage amount is able to be calculated and transferred upon the triggering event (i.e. the clearing of the deposit into the selected account). The hybrid transfers are a percentage plus fixed amount that allows a user to send a fixed dollar amount in addition to a percentage amount on each transfer date or trigger event. If hybrid transfers is selected the user is able to enter the fixed amount, the percentage and what the percentage is based on as described above. In this way, the user creates a base condition based on which the amount of money is transferred. In some embodiments, user approval is required before one or more trigger and/or date based transfers are executed.The user is then able to optionally set up an additional condition that act as an exception or addition to the base condition. Indeed, this process is able to be substantially similar to setting up the base condition, except the action (e.g. transferring money between the selected accounts) is the same and thus does not need to be re-selected. Instead, for the new condition the trigger or condition type, how the trigger value is to be valued (e.g. trigger evaluation metric or equation) and the amount of money to transfer (e.g. fixed, percentage hybrid) needs to be selected. For example, the user is able to specify an exception to a rule that overrides the rules during selected dates, selected account/source balances and/or upon specified trigger events and performs a different action (e.g. transfers a different amount, from a different source and/or to a different destination) or non-action (e.g. performs nothing). In some embodiments, the user will only have to define a new range to evaluate either account balance, income within a certain period of time, or amount of the currently evaluated deposit and/or a date range condition (or any combination of these conditions) and an alternative amount of money to send whether it is a fixed amount a percentage of one of the above variables, or a combination of both.An example of a rule/plan having both a base condition and an additional condition is: “Starting today at noon send $500 once a week to my savings account (base condition) unless on that day I have a balance of more than $5000 in my account, in which case send $750 instead (additional condition).” To set up a rule like this, after setting up the base condition the user is able to choose “Add a conditional rule” or in some embodiments, choose from the options “pay more when . . . ,” “pay less when . . . ,” and “pay nothing when . . . ” to reveal expanded options to define specific range requirements for an exception to the rule (e.g. including an alternative amount to transfer). In some embodiments, the user is able to select a condition type and then select from a drop-down menu of relevant conditional operators 8. The condition types are able to include (but are not limited to): (1) Funding account balance, (2) Receiving account balance, (3) Recent funding account income (interval to be entered by user), (4) Recent receiving account income (this option available only if access to this data is granted by the receiving account holder), (5) Recent funding account income from certain sources, (6) Recent receiving account income from certain sources, and (7) Date of scheduled transfer, and (8) amount of this/current deposit.In some embodiments, for (2), (4), and (6), receiving account options are only available if access to this data is granted by the receiving account holder. In some embodiments, for (3), (4), (5), and (6), the user is able to next define an amount of time to go back and calculate “recent income.” In some embodiments, for (5), (6) and (8), to specify which income should be included, the user is able to enter comma separated “tags” to use to search for certain funding account deposits and/or deposit types to mark for inclusion or exclusion in this income calculation). For monetary values the conditional operators are able to include (but are not limited to): (1) is less than, (2) is less than or equal to, (3) is more than, (4) is more than or equal to, (5) is between or equal to and (6) is equal to, for monetary values. For dates of scheduled transfers the conditional operators are able to include (but are not limited to): (1) is before, (2) is on or before, (3) is after, (4) is on or after, (5) is on or between and (6) is on. Thus, the user is able to enter any relevant value(s), dollar amount(s), or date(s) to finish defining the additional condition. In some embodiments, by optionally selecting to “add another condition” and then repeating this process, the user is able to add as many or as few conditions to the rule as desired. When all the conditions have been created the user is able to choose “Next” to reach the confirmation/notification page.At the confirmation and/or notification page, the user is able to require the funding account holder to give his/her manual confirmation before the release of funds for all or any individual parts of the transfer plan. This feature is for the benefit of the payer to maintain one more level of control on outgoing moneys. Specifically, the user is able to first select a confirmation preference as confirmation always required, sometimes required or never required.In “always required” the payer is able to notified by a text message, email, phone call or other medium when the system 100 tries to make a transfer under any condition. In this case, no money is able to moved by this plan without the payer's confirmation. In order to setup this, if the user is the payer, the user is able to then select his/her preferred confirmation method (text, email, phone) and corresponding details, or if the user is the payee, the user is able to instead enter his/her preferred notification method and corresponding details to for updates whenever he/she receives a cleared transfer. In ‘“sometimes required” a user is able to require confirmation on only certain parts of the plan, in which case he/she is able to select check boxes next to these individual parts to require confirmation on them. In some embodiments, the user is given the option to “require approval on transfer amounts greater than . . . ” and upon entering a maximum amount for automated transfers, is able to ensure that all transfers over a certain threshold amount will require approval, otherwise they would go out automatically. In order to setup this option, if the user is the payer, the user is able to then select his/her preferred confirmation method (text, email, phone) and corresponding details, and if the user is the payee, the user is able to instead enter his/her preferred notification method and corresponding details to for updates whenever he/she receives a cleared transfer. Finally, in “never required” if the user doesn't want to enable confirmation on any parts of the plan he/she selects “No confirmation required. Send all transfers automatically as scheduled” and no confirmations are sent or required for the transfer to take place.The user is then presented with the plan/rule review page. From the review page the user is able to see all details in one place as entered on the previous pages. Additionally, the user is able to go back to edit the details, cancel the plan, or save and submit the plan. When a user submits a plan in some embodiments, the plan is then passed to one or more other users (e.g. the users associated with the other accounts) for approval or further editing. For example, this is able to be the case if a user submits a newly created or newly edited existing plan with “payee editing allowed.” Alternatively, the plan is able to be saved and immediately activated if the payer has disabled “payee editing” and submits a plan, the plan involves no other parties, as in a savings plan, or the user approves a plan received from another user “as is” and resubmits it without making any changes. In some embodiments, when payee editing is allowed, a plan is able to only be activated when all parties have approved it. Also, when this mutual editing is allowed, a dated history of changes is able to be emailed to both parties and available online as new edits are submitted. This allows all users to easily see what details are being negotiated. If any user edits any detail on an active plan with payee editing allowed, the plan is able to be paused until both parties approve of the changes.After submitting a plan, if the user is a payee, he/she will see a success message and go directly back to the main menu. Otherwise, if it is a savings plan or if it is a payment plan and the user is the payer, he/she will see a success message. In some embodiments, the user is then routed to a Timeline Priority Management Center for Payments and Transfers page to see the newly submitted plan in a timeline context with all other scheduled plans and payments. This page allows users to quickly reschedule transfers and plans to change the sequence or priority in which they will be executed. Specifically, the user is able to hover over any payment or transfer plan to see it's “projected transfer amount” according to his/her current financial snapshot and the evaluation of the conditions, settings, and transfer amounts of all active plans preceding it in the timeline. Changing the sequence by rescheduling plans and payments is able to drastically change projected transfer amounts throughout the timeline so this page is very helpful in providing contextual insight into how these events will interact. From the Timeline Priority Management Center for Payments and Transfers page the user is able to either expand and edit plans and payments or return to the main menuFinally, when a user receives a newly created or edited existing plan proposal from another user who wants to pay or be paid, he/she will first login, registering if necessary. Once the user is able to access the proposed plan, he/she are able to have the opportunity to review the plan from the beginning, going through all the pages as if he/she were setting it up for the first time except that all fields will already have values as last input or changed. The only major difference in the process between users is that only the owner of the funding account is able to edit the manual confirmation contact details, and only the payee will have the option to set payee notification preferences. As long as the payee has permission, both the payer and payee are able to edit which parts of the plan will require manual confirmation to release transfers. In some embodiments, where payee editing is not allowed, the payee simply sets his or her own preferences for receiving funds and notifications of payments, and is able to give the incoming payment plan a nickname.Path DDThe automatic bill pay plan enables a customized auto bill pay feature where bill pay is able to be stopped and/or altered based on characteristics of the bill, account balances and/or other factors. For example, instead of a standard auto bill pay where an amount is deducted automatically, the user is able to setup a condition that stops payment if the billed amount is wrong or out of the ordinary (e.g. over a threshold amount or different than an expected amount) and/or if the funding account balance is insufficient (or below a threshold amount) thereby ensuring the user is not unwittingly overcharged by the auto-pay and/or pays despite there being insufficient funds in the account (according to the user's definition of “insufficient funds”). In some embodiments, the first time a user selects to setup a Bill Pay rule he/she are able to setup his/her own preferred name, phone number, and the address payees will see when receiving payments. Further, the user is able enter a nickname for the plan, select a funding account from which the payment is to be debited, select a payee type (company or individual), and enter payee information. Specifically, the user is able to enter the payee's name, wherein names of any previous recipients or recognized corporations matching the user's entry are able to appear in a selectable drop-down menu as the user types. If the user selects a previous recipient or recognized corporation from the known recipient list, all address and contact data on record for that recipient will be pre-populated into the fields below. If the system does not recognize the user's payee entry, the payee name field is able to remain as manually entered and no other fields are pre-populated. If the payee is not a previous or registered recipient, the user is able to enter the payee's address, city, state, zip code, and an account number if applicable.If the payee is a registered partner company with a cooperating API to allow secure data exchange from its server, the user is able to be asked for his/her login and password information to access the remote account. This will allow the AFM system to retrieve live data on amounts owed and bill due dates. If the user is able to link to his/her remote account on the partner company's server and retrieve billing information, the user is then be able to set up automatic bill payments according to actual payment due dates and amounts owed. As a result, the user is able to use live bill pay for the current bill only by choosing “Automatically pay the amount owed” and then selecting “Pay now,” “Pay when the bill is due,” or “Pay on a certain date.” The user is then able to select a date to pay the bill. If the user would like to use live recurring bill pay, they are able to choose “Pay these bills automatically.” The user is then able to enter a start date, an end date if desired, and an interval (such as once a week, or once a month) for future payments. In some embodiments, the user is also able to choose “Pay whenever a new amount is due” instead of manually defining a start date and interval. Additionally, whether or not a user is able to retrieve live billing data, the user is able to have the option of “Schedule or send a single fixed amount payment now,” wherein the user is able to enter a payment amount and date and choose“Send one time payment, ” and the option of “Set up recurring payments of fixed amounts,” wherein the user is able to enter a payment amount and set a start date, an end date if desired, and an interval (such as once a week, or once a month) for future payments. If a user is linked to his/her remote account and live bill due dates are available, he/she are able to choose “Pay when a new bill is due” instead of manually defining a start date and interval.After the default or base payment condition is defined, like in paths AA, BB and CC, the user has the option to add one or more additional conditions in the same manner as in paths AA, BB and CC. In this case, the Bill pay plan condition types include but are not limited to: (i) Funding account balance, (ii) Recent Income (iii) Recent income from certain sources (iv) Date of scheduled transfer, (v) Amount due, (vi) Bill due date and (vii) Current deposit amount. In some embodiments, for options (ii) and (iii) above, the user is able to next define an amount of time to go back and calculate “recent income.” In some embodiments, like above, for (iii) the user is able to specify which income should be included by entering comma separated “tags” to use to search for certain funding account deposits to mark for inclusion in this income calculation). In some embodiments, options (v) and (vi) are available only if the user has successfully connected his/her account to a partner company's cooperating API). Conditional operators for the options above may include but are not limited to (for all dollar amounts) (i) is less than, (ii) is less than or equal to, (iii) is more than, (iv) is more than or equal to, (v) is between or equal to, (for dates of scheduled transfers) (i) is before, (ii) is on or before, (iii) is after, (iv) is on or after, (v) is on or between, (vi) is on, and (for bill due date) (i) is past due, and (ii) is coming up within a certain interval (user enters an interval). The user is then able to enter a dollar amount, or two amounts in the case of defining a range, along with a new action to take for each of the new conditions. For example, the new actions are able to be one or more of, Pay bill automatically, Pay a fixed amount (where the user enters the fixed amount to pay) and Do not pay. When the user is finished setting up the conditions they are able to select “Next” to reach the review/edit page.At the review/edit page the user is able to review all details of the single bill payment rule or bill payment rule and either return to the previous pages to edit/change details, cancel the bill payment plan entirely, if sending a one-time payment choose “Approve and send payment now,” (wherein the user is able to then receive a success message and return to the main menu) or if sending a recurring fixed or automatic payment choose “Approve and start payments,” (wherein the user is able to be then taken to the Timeline Priority Management Center for Payments andTransfers page to see the newly submitted plan in a timeline context with all other scheduled plans and payments). In particular, like above, this page allows users to quickly reschedule transfers and plans to change the sequence or priority in which they are executed. Again, the user is able to hover over any payment or transfer plan to see it's “projected transfer amount” according to his/her current financial snapshot and the evaluation of the conditions, settings, and transfer amounts of all active plans preceding it in the timeline. From the Timeline Priority Management Center for Payments and Transfers page the user can either expand and edit plans and payments or return to the main menu.Path EEThe automatic save and purchase plan enables a user to not only set of an automatic savings rule/plan, but also to automatically monitor the price of a desired item/service and purchase the item/service when the amount saved equals the current price. In other words, the save and purchase plan of path EE is like a dynamic layaway plan. Once partner e-stores (e.g. websites) integrate with the AFM system 100, the system is able to provide “Create a Save & Purchase Plan for this item/cart” buttons or other features that are available to users when interacting with the e-store website as a selectable option for creating a save and purchase plan for one or more items/services (e.g. one or more items in a virtual shopping cart) on the website. Specifically, the AFM system 100 is able to access needed price data, shipping date, payment data, returns data and/or other data necessary for automatically monitoring the price (and/or including shipping costs, fees or other costs) and subsequently purchasing the desired items.First a user is able to access the website of an e-store including the AFM purchase feature and select one or more items and/or services to purchase from the website. Then the user is able to select the “Create a Save & Purchase Plan for this item/cart” buttons or link on the website, which enables the user to enter the purchasing and/or shipping information (e.g. shipping address, shipping method). Alternatively, the purchasing information is able to be omitted. The user is then able to confirm the total price of one or more of the selected items (e.g. the contents of the virtual shopping cart) including shipping and the shipping address. Upon confirmation, the user is presented with a link or button that directs the user to the AFM product for setting up an purchase/save rule for the selected items/services.The user is able to be directed to the system login or to create a new account. If the user has not registered yet, the order information accessed by the AFM product from the partner e-store is able to be temporarily saved in association with the user's new account so that they are able to continue once they have both registered and logged in. Alternatively, if the user is already registered, the order information is able to be temporarily saved until the user is logged in so that they are able to continue. Once logged in, the user is able to confirm that they would like to start a save and purchase plan for the selected items/services, wherein the items/services, the prices, shipping data (e.g. method, address, cost) are presented to the user for review before the confirmation. At this point, the user chooses a funding account and is able to enter a name for a virtual savings bin that is created by the AFM product for starting the plan. The savings bin tracks money in a user's account separate from all other funds (e.g. keeps in a separate virtual bin). Thus, even if the money is co-mingled with other money in one or more accounts, the AFM product is able to track how much of the money is “within” the virtual savings bin. In some embodiments, each Save & Purchase plan automatically generates it's own dedicated savings bin which is deleted at the time of purchase. Alternatively, the savings bin is able to be omitted. Any remaining funds in a savings bin associated with a completed Save & Purchase plan are able to be moved into the user's main system account balance by default unless otherwise specified by the user.The user is then able to set up the savings rule for the purchase and/or the savings bin. This process is able to be substantially similar to the saving plan path AA, except that the action is not merely the transfer of money into a savings account, but rather transfer of the money as payment for an automatic purchase action upon the condition-trigger pairs of the plan being satisfied. Thus, the user is able to enter a nickname for the plan, a transfer frequency or trigger event (e.g. the clearing of a deposit into a selected account), a start, an end, a transfer type, one or more conditions, and a transfer amount for each of the conditions. The user is then also able to enter a maximum amount that they are willing to pay for the items/services. Specifically, the user is able to enter the maximum amount he/she is willing to save for these items in total. This field is useful for long term plans for which item or shipping prices may fluctuate over time. If an item currently costs $110 with free shipping, the user may enter $115 here just in case the price goes up a little in the future. In this case, the plan will save no more than $115 for this item. If the user enters “0” or leaves the maximum amount field empty, the plan is able to have no limit and is able to remain active indefinitely, until stopped by the user or until the goal of the plan is reached.Further, the user is able to specify a different action for the additional condition-trigger pair of if the price exceeds the maximum amount specified. For example, the user is able to specify to keep saving until the amount saved reaches the maximum amount, pause the plan and send a notification to the user to either resume the plan, edit the plan or terminate the plan or just cancel the plan (without notification to the user). In the pausing action, the notification to the user is able to present the user with the options of confirming or setting a new maximum amount and then continue savings until that amount is reached; setting a new maximum amount, stopping savings when that amount is reached, notifying the user and asking what action to take next; doing nothing and leaving the plan paused; or canceling the plan. In the canceling the plan action, the user is presented with options of what to do with the money in the virtual savings bin. Specifically, the user is able to choose between leaving it in this plan's savings bin, return it to the funding account or moving it to the user's online system account balance.Finally, the user is presented with the option to require his/her manual confirmation before moving funds for all or any individual parts of the save and purchase plan. This selection of a confirmation preference is substantially similar to the confirmation preference selection for path AA. Further, in some embodiments, the user then selects an answer to the question “When your plan has saved enough money to buy this item, purchase it automatically?” Choices include: No, send me a notification and let me decide what to do at that time, Yes, just buy the item and send it to me at the address I provided when I set up the plan, or Yes, but send the item to me at a different address (wherein the user then sets up an alternative address). Accordingly, the user is then able to review the generated rule and/or savings bin at the review page and look at data from the Timeline Priority Management Center for Payments and Transfers page in the same manner as described above for path AA until the process is completed.Path FFThis path illustrates how to split money from an account or combined account into multiple accounts. The process is substantially similar to setting one of the other types transfer plan/rule, except that this plan simply allows for two or more receiving/destination accounts. In this setup, for each receiving account, a user is able to be prompted to enter base transfer amounts, add conditional rules, and configure confirmation settings in the same manner as described above. In some embodiments, any number of conditional rules is able to be added for each individual receiving account. Plans to split income will include the option to be executed every time a deposit clears in a selected account and enable the user to specify deposit types that are counted for this purpose as described above. In particular, executing transfers at the time the deposits clear provides the benefit of allowing for funds to be distributed before they are able to be spent. Further, manual confirmation is able to be enabled on all or any parts of the multi-account plan. This type of multi-account transfer is able to be used to divide income from businesses with two or more partners, direct income into multiple specific savings accounts, or send allowances to multiple children, for example.Path GGThis path is for generating a one-time payment/transfer between accounts. Specifically, a user is able to select a funding account and select or enter another user or third party's name as the recipient of the payment. The user then is able to select the payment date (e.g. today, Mar. 3, 2020), a transfer type, a base transfer amount and/or one or more additional conditions similar to the steps of path AA (e.g. streaming savings). In some embodiments, the user is also able to input an option note that is delivered to the payee/recipient with the payment. Next, like the path AA, the user sets the confirmation and/or notification preferences and then reviews the details of the one-time payment at the review page and/or the Timeline Priority ManagementCenter for Payments and Transfers page. At that point, the user is able to confirm the payment and submit it for actual payment on the specified payment date.Path HHThis path is for generating a one-time bill payment. Setting up one time bill payments is able to be substantially similar to process of setting up recurring bill payments of path DD, except that when scheduling the payment there is no interval or frequency option, but only a choice to either “pay immediately” or set a date in the future to schedule a payment. The first time a user sets up a bill payment he/she will set up his/her own preferred name, phone number, and the address payees will see when receiving payments. Further, the user is able enter a nickname for the plan, select a funding account from which the payment is to be debited, select a payee type (company or individual), and enter payee information. Specifically, the user is able to enter the payee's name, wherein names of any previous recipients or recognized corporations matching the user's entry are able to appear in a selectable drop-down menu as the user types. If the user selects a previous recipient or recognized corporation from the known recipient list, all address and contact data on record for that recipient will be pre-populated into the fields below. If the system does not recognize the user's payee entry, the payee name field is able to remain as manually entered and no other fields are pre-populated. If the payee is not a previous or registered recipient, the user is able to enter the payee's address, city, state, zip code, and an account number if applicable.If the payee is a registered partner company with a cooperating API to allow secure data exchange from its server, the user is able to be asked for his/her login and password information to access the remote account. This will allow the AFM system to retrieve live data on amounts owed and bill due dates. If the user is able to link to his/her remote account on the partner company's server and retrieve billing information, the user is then be able to set up the payment according to actual payment due dates and amounts owed. As a result, the user is able to use live bill pay for the current bill only by choosing “Automatically pay the amount owed” and then selecting “Pay now,” “Pay when the bill is due,” or “Pay on a certain date.” The user is then able to select a date to pay the bill. Additionally, whether or not a user is able to retrieve live billing data, the user is able to have the option of “Schedule or send a single fixed amount payment now,” wherein the user is able to enter a payment amount and date and choose “Send one time payment.”After the default or base payment condition is defined, like in paths AA, BB and CC, the user has the option to add one or more additional conditions in the same manner as in paths AA, BB and CC. In this case, the one time Bill pay plan condition types include but are not limited to: (i) Funding account balance, (ii) Recent Income (iii) Recent income from certain sources (iv) Date of scheduled transfer, (v) Amount due, (vi) Bill due date and (vii) Current deposit amount. In some embodiments, for options (ii) and (iii) above, the user is able to next define an amount of time to go back and calculate “recent income.” In some embodiments, like above, for (iii) the user is able to specify which income should be included by entering comma separated “tags” to use to search for certain funding account deposits to mark for inclusion in this income calculation). In some embodiments, options (v) and (vi) are available only if the user has successfully connected his/her account to a partner company's cooperating API). Conditional operators for the options above may include but are not limited to (for all dollar amounts) (i) is less than, (ii) is less than or equal to, (iii) is more than, (iv) is more than or equal to, (v) is between or equal to, (for dates of scheduled transfers) (i) is before, (ii) is on or before, (iii) is after, (iv) is on or after, (v) is on or between, (vi) is on, and (for bill due date) (i) is past due, and (ii) is coming up within a certain interval (user enters an interval). The user is then able to enter a dollar amount, or two amounts in the case of defining a range, along with a new action to take for each of the new conditions. For example, the new actions are able to be one or more of, Pay bill automatically, Pay a fixed amount (where the user enters the fixed amount to pay) and Do not pay. When the user is finished setting up the conditions the are able to select “Next” to reach the review/edit page.At the review/edit page the user is able to review all details of the single bill payment rule or bill payment rule and either return to the previous pages to edit/change details, cancel the bill payment plan entirely or if sending a one-time payment choose “Approve and send payment now,” (wherein the user is able to then receive a success message and return to the main menu). In particular, like above, this page allows users to quickly reschedule transfers and plans to change the sequence or priority in which they are executed. Again, the user is able to hover over any payment or transfer plan to see it's “projected transfer amount” according to his/her current financial snapshot and the evaluation of the conditions, settings, and transfer amounts of all active plans preceding it in the timeline. From the Timeline Priority Management Center for Payments and Transfers page the user can either expand and edit plans and payments or return to the main menu.Path IIThis path is for creating a payment request from another user. Specifically, this path is able to be used by a user who would like to receive payments, but not have to set up all the details of the plan. The user is instead able to: select “Request money from another user” from the main menu; enter the payer's email address or username; select the account into which he/she would like to receive transfers; optionally provide a nickname for the plan for his/her internal purposes and add a message with a subject line to the payer. The user is then able to review all of the above information, edit any incorrect information and either confirm or cancel the request such that if confirmed it is sent to the payer.When the payer gets the transfer plan request, they are able to setup all remaining details including dates, intervals, amounts, rules, confirmation settings, as in creating an ordinary payment plan with the exception that some of the fields will be pre-populated with the basic information provided by the payee. When the payer receives a general request from another user who wants to be paid, the payer will first either login, or register if necessary and then login. Then once the payer is logged in and able to access his/her account, they are able to see a request from the payee and be able to choose “Finish setting up this payment plan.” In some embodiments, the payee's preferred receiving account and total amount to be paid will be the only things pre-populated. The rest of the process is able to be substantially the same as the payment plan of path CC (or BB).AdvantagesThus, the AFM system 100 described herein has numerous advantages. Specifically, the system provides the advantage of allowing users to move money according to various scheduled rules, thus allowing users at large to fully control their moneys, incomes, and payments based on highly customizable rules. Further, the AFM interface provides the advantage of a streamlined process that breaks down each of the features of the product into a few easy steps. Indeed, each of the modules of the AFM product provide unique features such as combined accounts, personalized rule generation, and other features described herein that together provide the advantage of enabling users to setup dynamic financial management rules that adjust to different scenarios in the same way a person would instead of static auto payments. Further, the AFM provides the advantage of the ability to create and maintain active payment and savings plans which operate contingent on the individual's personal financial circumstances. The AFM allows users to create financial management plans that wait until a user's specified conditions exist before executing transfers of funds. It further allows the users to transfer more aggressively when conditions are particularly favorable, for example, paying off debts as soon as possible when there are enough funds to cover basic necessities. The AFM allows users to create unlimited active plans for any imaginable goal, regardless of their employment status or net worth.The present invention has been described in terms of specific embodiments incorporating details to facilitate the understanding of principles of construction and operation of the invention. Such reference herein to specific embodiments and details thereof is not intended to limit the scope of the claims appended hereto. It will be readily apparent to one skilled in the art that other various modifications may be made in the embodiment chosen for illustration without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention as defined by the claims. 





 

Previous Patent: Systems and Methods for Secure Remote PaymentsNext Patent: System and Method for Authorizing Direct Debit Transactions











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 



















 | Growthink



























































 Home › Team › Search results 






Call Us
Find Us
Text Us













 
Jay  Turo



"Innovation and entrepreneurship are the greatest forces for positive change in the world today.  Growthink’s services and ideas make a meaningful contribution to the spread and success of both. This is good and important work."

Growthink's co-founder and CEO, Jay Turo has led Growthink's emergence as one of the nation's largest strategic advisory and investment banking firms focused on the entrepreneurial marketplace.
Jay has over 25 years of experience in starting, building, advising and investing in high growth firms.
His advisory work spans industries and market sectors, with company clients including Accelerant, Caine & Weiner, C8 Medisensors, Dakim, DCIP, Free Conference, Fresh Games, Green Medical, Innoflight, Integreon, L3D3, Mahar Tool, Margartiaville Apparel, M3 Medical, Mobeze, MyPublicInfo, Nolatek, Ometric, Pocketsonics, Park Group PlC, Precision Time, Raise Capital, Recoup IT, Research Scientists, Sandel Medical, Shimmick Construction, Skyplex Entertainment Group,Spring Medical, Storied Media , Sunglass Hut, Telverse, Thrombovision, XCOM Wireless, and Xorbent, among many others.
Jay has also advised a wide array of corporate clients seeking to inject entrepreneurship and innovation into their organizations, including Deutsche Bank, McKesson, Infospace, Samsung, Porsche, & Paramount Pictures.
Jay is an active angel investor and speaker and writer regarding private equity, entrepreneurship, and technology (See and follow his weekly column  here).


Jay has an MBA from the Anderson School of Management at UCLA and earned a Bachelor's degree with Distinction and with Departmental Honors from Stanford University. He lives in Los Angeles with his wife and two sons.



Watch Jay discuss entrepreneurship and relate his own experience starting and growing a company.
See Jay's Twitter Updates Below
Tweets by @jayturo


 
Bridget Quinlan



Serving as Director of Market Research  and Operations , Bridget Quinlan has a broad background in public relations and marketing. Bridget’s expertise is used to work with Growthink clients across various sectors to develop and implement marketing and customer acquisition strategies.During her tenure at Growthink, Bridget has had direct oversight of hundreds of primary and secondary market engagements spanning every major industry, including IT, healthcare, fashion, automotive, financial services, real estate, consumer products and media/entertainment.  She has worked with hundreds of organizations including startups, middle market companies, Fortune 500 companies, educational institutions and non-profits. Bridget began her career working in public relations and marketing at the renowned Peninsula Chicago Hotel, where she developed an aggressive and on-going media relations campaign that generated strong local, regional and national awareness of the hotel, spa and restaurants as well as directed the marketing campaigns for the property. She then went on to open the Elysian hotel, where she was responsible for introducing the property as the premier luxury hotel in Chicago and build awareness of the newly launched Elysian brand. In addition, she developed and implemented a comprehensive public relations and marketing plan, establishing national branding and generating positive media coverage for the hotel.  In her tenure as a public relations and marketing professional, Bridget has honed her promotional skills and established a strong rapport with local and national media constituents.  With a depth of knowledge in this area, she is an exceptional creative and strategic thinker with a brand-focused mentality. Bridget graduated from Loyola University of Chicago with a Communication degree.

 
Erika Raney



Erika Raney is a brand and marketing strategist with expertise in helping businesses tell their stories – creating messaging alignment from product/brand development and internal communications to market positioning, consumer campaigns and thought leadership.  She has cross-industry experience ranging from aerospace and technology/app development to lifestyle brands, mass-scale events and crisis communications. Her work has included quarterly campaigns for City National Bank Private Banking, marketing overhaul on upsells and quarterly campaigns for Toyota Financial Services and product development as interim CMO for FinTech apps by Paymation Inc.
 
Kiran Rouzie



As a Senior Engagement Partner for Growthink, a CIO Consultant and owner of an award-winning web design business, Kiran designs and develops complex interactive, film, mobile and gaming related workflows, content and experiences and manages a wide range of creative digital content for B2C and B2B use from inception to completion meeting creative, budgetary and strategic marketing needs. Kiran helps clients increase annual billings, decrease operational expensive and maximize time spent on what’s most important: the business of storytelling. Kiran’s commitment is to enable Creatives to stay creative and focused on delivering award-winning content and has helped some of the world’s largest production companies and studios do what they do, better.Kiran’s work has been featured in major award shows including Cannes, the Emmys, the Oscars, Sundance, Tribeca and AICP.On average, Kiran has increased her clients annual billings by 300MM and decreased their operational expenses by up to 40%.Kiran is passionate about the people and the process of each engagement and prides herself on helping clients achieve higher profitability through efficient use of technology, ethical business practices and collaboration.
 
Marius Sava



Marius Sava has more than 12 years of investment banking experience. He focuses on mergers and acquisitions as well as corporate advisory. During his tenure Marius has worked with hundreds of companies on their strategic growth alternatives and has directly participated in transactions with aggregate value of more than $1 billion. He has advised owner managed and publicly traded companies on a number of transactions including buy side, sell side, negotiated sale, divestiture, and strategic investment mandates. Marius’ advisory experience spans several industries, most notably the life science and healthcare industry in which he specializes. His client list included several leading healthcare corporations such as Ansell, Covance, Life Technologies, Novozymes, and Valeant Pharmaceuticals.Most recently, Marius served as Vice President of Mergers & Acquisitions at Achelous Partners, an investment bank based in New York and specialized in M&A advisory for healthcare companies. In this capacity he originated and executed M&A transactions for US and international companies.Marius has a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Stern School of Business at New York University.
 
Robert Schwenk



Why did I join Growthink? Simple, I now access a collective experience and global reach across boards, disciplines, and business verticals. I have one goal: “helping business owners of all sizes realize their full potential by reducing time and energy to achieve stated outcomes and transactions." Robert SchwenkAs a member of Growthink’s Strategic Board of Advisors, Robert Schwenk brings over 30 years of strategic thinking, creative innovator, governmental relations, investor relations, entrepreneurial - been there done that, and growth consulting expertise from a variety of industries.Robert currently serves as CDBG city commissioner for Huntington Beach.  In this role, I lead efforts to identify and develop new solutions fighting for women’s rights and financial development helping transitioning from a mindset of “Handout to a Hand-up.Prior to joining GT Securities, Robert has worked for large financial banks, corporate America, become an entrepreneur with two CRM S/W companies started and sold, transitioned to SEC investor relations working with public relations and lobbyist to achieve client goals, only to bring a wealth of experience to investment banking clients.Robert attended ENMU studying computer science and business finance. Robert Schwenk currently lives in Huntington Beach, CA with his wife Marcie.

 
Mat Segal



"The Growthink team is passionate about helping businesses of all sizes  realize their full potential and approaches this mission with both  creativity and analytical diligence.  I am very much looking forward to  both contributing to and learning from this dynamic group of  entrepreneurs."As a member of Growthink’s Strategic Board of Advisors, Mathew Segal  brings  over 20 years of strategic thinking, entrepreneurial know-how and growth consulting expertise from a variety of industries. Mathew Segal currently serves as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development for Trojan Battery Company, a leading U.S. Manufacturer of deep cycle batteries for industrial and renewable energy applications.  In this role, he leads efforts to identify and develop new business opportunities globally as well as growing Trojan Battery’s market share within existing markets.Prior to joining Trojan, Mat was a Partner with OC&C Strategy Consultants where he managed key strategic initiatives for large corporate clients and led acquisition due diligence teams for private equity firms. Mat has also served as a senior consultant for The Mitchell Madison Group and has held business planning and management posts for Cedars-Sinai Health Systems and Disney Consumer Products.Mat received his MBA with honors in strategy and finance from The Anderson School at UCLA where he served as president of the Management Consulting Association and director of the Entrepreneurial Association Mentor Program. He also received his bachelor’s degree in political science from Northwestern University.  Mat lives in Portland, OR with his wife Nancy and three children.
 
Dave Shevock



  “ I am delighted to be working with such a bright and talented group of people.  I look forward to gaining more exposure to Growthink’s network to further all of our entrepreneurial interests.” A member of Growthink’s Advisory Board, Dave Shevock brings to this role an extensive background in marketing and business strategy combined with true thought leadership from the technology industry. Dave has more than 18 years of experience with entrepreneurial technology companies focusing on sales, marketing, product management and operations. Most recently, he served as senior vice president of sales and marketing for DecisionStep, Inc. (Buy.com). Truly a serial entrepreneur, he has also been part of the executive growth team for Subimo (WebMD), Pictage (Apax Partners) and Trividia Corporation (ValueClick). Dave holds an MBA in marketing from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and BA in economics from the University of Michigan.

 
Anna Vitale



"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estee LauderAnna leads strategic planning and corporate strategy engagements for pre- and post-revenue companies. She is dedicated to delivering positive client experiences and actionable business results.Anna holds an MBA in Finance from Saint Louis University’s John Cook  School of Business and bachelor degrees in Magazine Journalism and Music  from the University of Missouri-Columbia.Notable Client Engagements Include:Operational expansion strategy development to secure $10 million capital investment from Luxottica Group: Developed operational expansion strategy and presentation for Luxottica subsidiary, Apex by Sunglass Hut. Presentation resulted in $10 million capital investment that enabled Apex to expand from 10 to 16 retail locations in 2013.Financial Analysis and Projections for $7 million facial recognition technology company: Developed financial analysis structure and projections to support hardware integration initiative for leading facial recognition software company. Presented results to corporate board to secure buy in for vertical integration.Management of sell-side process for $4 million medical billing company: Managed development of sell-side packaging and financial analysis, data room and sales process. Strategic Planning and Retreat Moderation for one of Los Angeles’ largest and most prestigious hospitals: Led ongoing organizational advisory and strategic planning in executive team for LA hospital with 1,400+ employeesMarket Validation for leading online sample company: Validated market opportunity for leading Internet-based “freebie” and sample company via independent research.Business Plan creation to secure SBA loan for family-run bar: Developed business plan and financial projections for family-owned Wyoming bar. Upon completion of the plan, the Company secured an SBA loan and opened the bar in 2013.Buy-side business plan development for mobile app development company for potential acquirer. Led to ultimate purchase of business by individual. Business plan currently being implemented.Client Testimonials:“Anna was a key part of the Growthink consulting team that worked with the Apex By Sunglass Hut team to help define several different business strategies and help us obtain Corporate approval and funding for 2014 expansion. Anna was great to work with and was exceptionally responsive to our needs and challenges, I highly recommend her.”– Darrin Mills, CEO, Apex by Sunglass Hut“Anna worked with me through the development of my business plan and investor deck for a cloud based application I am developing called CareVineTM.  Anna showed attention to detail, professionalism, integrity and great communication ability and enthusiasm for the project. I felt very comfortable and confident in her skills and ability to help me understand the relevant details as the project evolved and have always been pleased about the decision to bring in Growthink.”– Sheila Mansell, Founder of CareVine"We initially contacted Growthink to help us develop strategies to grow our business.  We were impressed with how quickly Anna became familiar with our particular industry, and the insightful questions she posed as we put together a growth plan.  She and the Growthink team were excellent in keeping the conversation on track and focused on our goals.  We were provided advice that was instrumental in changing the way we approach our business.   One outcome of the discussions was to look at potential investors and buyers for our business.  Anna’s work in coordinating discussions, providing support during initial calls, and offering constructive feedback during the debriefing phase was instrumental in making this process work.  Although we decided not to pursue the offer that came through, we are now much better positioned for future opportunities." - Owner of Northeast-based medical billing company

 
Melissa Welch



"It's not about money or connections--it's the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone...And if it fails, you learn from what happened and do a better job next time." Mark CubanServing on the senior management team; Melissa is the Director of Client Development for Growthink as well as a Growth Advisor for Guiding Metrics. Melissa has extensive experience in business development, project management, operations, and organizational redesign.  Since joining Growthink in 2007 Melissa has been committed to fulfilling the company’s mission (and personal passion) to help entrepreneurs grow, start and exit their businesses. Melissa has developed and worked with a robust portfolio of clients and investment arenas to include: SaaS, New Media, mobile application, e-commerce, healthcare/medical device, consumer products and fashion/entertainment.  Notable engagements include:• Expansion Planning for a chain of urgent care centers in Texas• Business Planning for Performance Management SaaS platform• Operational Strategy for $300M division of $9B manufacturing company• Strategic Planning and Investment Offering for well-known luxury women’s shoe brand• Opportunity  Assessment, Strategic Plan and Retreat Moderation for one of the country’s largest commercial and consumer collections companies• Business Planning for predictive dialing software company  Melissa began her career in the healthcare arena with a start-up as one of the first ten employees for Los Angeles based Emerald Health Services. Serving as the organization’s Senior Business Development Manager, Melissa helped to grow the organization into one of the Top 20 healthcare staffing companies in the country, growing a client list to include many of the nation’s largest hospital systems. Melissa left Emerald to join the Lucas Group, one of the world's largest retained executive search firms. Melissa earned her Bachelor's in Legal Studies from Johnson & Wales University and her MBA from Pepperdine University’s Graziadio School of Business and Management. Melissa is an active member of the National Association of Women MBAs as well as a frequent speaker for Youth Business Alliance and mentor for Fulfillment Fund, a Los Angeles based non-profit organization focused on empowering disadvantaged youth through education. Testimonials:What can I say about Melissa...Honestly, anything would be an understatement.  From the first call to the work she advises me with today, Melissa exceeds every expectation I've put on her and her team without fail. Melissa never questions, but just gets the job done with superlative results. If there is a question from her, it's only to clarify or correct. Her value and knowledge is immeasurable, and unsurpassed. She is deeply committed to what she does, and how she gets it down. Melissa, is not one to come up with "out-of-the-box" ideas or concepts, because in Melissa's mind.. There is no box. She puts no limitations on her creativity, ideas, or processes. She passes that philosophy on to her team, as she leads in a manner that defines Leadership. Thanks Melissa, and to Growthink for having such a valued asset on your team. Chad Roberts Vice President, Business Development Palio's Licensing, LLC Over the years, I have had the pleasure to work with Melissa on various projects from start-up strategy, fundraising, web design and business plan development. Melissa has the rare ability to incorporate strong technical ability with a creative side that adds significant value to her clients. Melissa has become one of my most important advisors and I highly recommend her for anyone looking for an advisor that can quickly grasp your companies vision and turn your dream into a reality.Jeffrey StewartCEO, Creative Capital Group 

 
Maria Williams



As a market research analyst, Maria conducts industry, market and competitive analyses, resulting in actionable data for clients to implement strategic business planning and growth strategies. In her time with Growthink, Maria has not only worked on hundreds of market research engagements, but also has led many strategic business planning engagements, developed business plans, investor decks and opportunity assessments.  A professionally trained librarian, Maria excels at research and communication. She draws energy from expanding her knowledge and helping others to do the same.Maria began her career as an English instructor with a private language school in Quito, Ecuador, teaching English to adult and young adult students. Prior to joining Growthink, she spent seven years at United Way for Southeastern Michigan as a resource information specialist, where she helped to develop and implement nationally recognized best practices in the field of information and referral.Maria holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from the University of Michigan and a Master’s Degree in Library and Information Science from Wayne State University.


 





About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Investors
Meet Now!
Careers
Affiliates
Partners
 
Copyright © Growthink Inc., 2017

































 
























Company #410, C3789051 | Ca-registry.com












































Company #410
13324 Chandler RdOmahaNE68138









 







Company #410 is an entity registered at California with company number C3789051. Company is incorporated on 18th May 2015. Current status of the company is Active. Registered agent is Corporation Service Company Which Will Do Business In California As Csc - Lawyers Incorporating Service, 2710 Gateway Oaks Dr Ste 150N Sacramento CA 95833.
Company


Company name
Company #410


Address
13324 Chandler RdOmahaNE68138


Status
Active


Company number
C3789051


Company type
Foreign Stock


Jurisdiction
NE


Incorporation Date
18th May 2015


Last Statement Filed
24th November 2015


Updated at
28th July 2017


Agent


Agent name
Corporation Service Company Which Will Do Business In California As Csc - Lawyers Incorporating Service


Agent address
2710 Gateway Oaks Dr Ste 150NSacramentoCA95833











Do you know this company? Do you have positive or negative experience with Company #410? Rate the company and help other users.
 
+
0
-



Related companies

Company & Product, Incorporated
Company 1 Construction, Inc.
Company 11 Productions
Company 17, Inc.
Company 2000, Inc., Which Will Do Business In California As Wog 2000
COMPANY 25 VOLUNTEERS TULARE COUNTY FIRE DEPARTMENT, INC.
Company 29 Inc.
COMPANY 3, INC.
Company 3, Inc. Which Will Do Business In California As Ascent Media Company 3, Inc.
Company 39, Inc.


COMPANY #11 OF THE SHERIFFS EMERGENCY RESERVE
Company "A" Caffe Inc.
Companity, Inc.
Companity Global Services, Inc.
COMPANIONWAY FILMS, INC.
COMPANIONSHIP, INC.
Companionship Health Provider, Inc.
Companionship At Home, Inc.
Companions, Nurses & Nannies Of California, Inc.
COMPANIONS, ETC.

Similar company number

Signature Events & Creations Inc.
Menlo Avenue Inc.
Pan Jit Americas, Inc.
Quadrant Four
Matteo Holdings, Inc.
Nomnomnow Inc.
Acceptance Insurance Agency Of Tennessee, Inc.
Vastec, Inc.
Linear Solar, Inc.
Paymation, Inc.


Cliff's Enterprises, Inc.
EC Team Services Inc.
Amazing Travel Inc.
K&M Linen, Inc.
McKenzie Software Solutions Inc
Luvbrite Collective
Green Hut Meds, Inc.
Green Lotus Discount
Ayamxam
Maberme, Inc.

Newest companies

LIBERTY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
INTER@CTIVE INCORPORATED
MR. WOK - FONTANA, INC.
TAX SHELTER ANNUITY SERVICES, INC.
T&M SPORTS, INC.
ZURICH INSURANCE COMPANY
EXCELSIOR INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YORK
AIG PROPERTY CASUALTY COMPANY
CATLIN INSURANCE COMPANY, INC.
GOLDEN HOU'S INTERNATIONAL INC.
AMERICAN GENERAL LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE COMPANY
THE LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY
TOKIO MARINE & NICHIDO FIRE INSURANCE CO., LTD. DBA TOKIO MARINE      & NICHIDO FIRE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (U.S. BRANCH)
MFT MANAGEMENT CORP.
THE LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
COMMERCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
CONLEY INC.
WATSON DITCH COMPANY
THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN THE DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA
NIMROD VILLAGE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
HHH LA INC
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP POST NO. 195, THE AMERICAN LEGION, DEPARTMENT
SHERIDAN&CONRAD, INC.
800 REMODELING, INC.
SPOORVISION
KELSEY COOK, CORP
ROCKSTAR CANNABIS CLUB INC.
PRINCIPAL GEOGRAPHIC SYSTEMS
TAKE OFF MARKETING GROUP CORPORATION
TRUE ALIEN WORLD

























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












