



Addison-Clifton, LLC |   Ulice Payne, Jr. President















































 






















Ulice Payne Jr.PRESIDENT
We work well as a team and stand ready to provide our clients with solutions 24 hours a day, seven days a week and 365 days of the year.


EMAILSend an E-mail.

LINKEDINConnect on LinkedIn.

Ulice Payne, Jr. is the Managing Member of Addison-Clifton. As an advisor regarding global trade compliance solutions, he is responsible for day‑to‑day assignments at the firm and is primarily responsible for client development and client relationship management.
“I love to help provide solutions to challenges that arise. I’m motivated daily by the different compliance and trade challenges that our clients face,” says Payne. “Each day is different regarding the types of commodities, end-items and technology that is being imported or exported around the globe.”
Mr. Payne earned his Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration and his Juris Doctor in Law degree from Marquette University. Upon graduating, he traveled to England and spent two years participating in the Masters of Law program at the University of London. He also received an honorary doctorate degree from Marion College in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin.
Prior to founding Addison-Clifton in the spring of 2004, Mr. Payne served as the Managing Partner of the headquarter office of Foley & Lardner and served as the Chair of the International Business Team where he represented global and domestic companies in cross-border transactions.
Mr. Payne believes that Addison-Clifton’s ability to communicate and willingness to respond promptly sets it apart from other firms. “We are relatively small in number, and located across four offices,” explains Payne. “But we work well as a team and stand ready to provide our clients with solutions 24 hours a day, seven days a week and 365 days of the year.”
When it comes to managing a growing, global firm, one might think there is no such thing as a day off. However, Mr. Payne turns to music as an outlet to unwind and reflect. “I like to share great songs with friends and create special playlists for almost every occasion,” he says. “Music gives me comfort and reminds me of some important years in my life and my career. It always keeps me company.”

Return
   

Contact Us Toll Free No: 1-877-784-0095

info@addison-clifton.com
 



Our SpecialtiesSpecialty Engineering
Aerospace
Defense
Automotive
  Recent News 

Premier Li says China, Canada begin exploratory talks on free trade agreement


Tariff cut on IT products to push China’s industrial innovation


China lifts ban on U.S. beef products


 





Sitemap

















Scroll to top






Ulice Payne, Jr.










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Ulice Payne, Jr.Born: 1955Birthplace: Donora, PAGender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: BlackSexual orientation: StraightOccupation: Baseball, AttorneyNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: CEO of the Milwaukee Brewers, 2002-03Father: Ulice Payne, Sr.Mother: MaryWife: Carmella (one daughter, one son)Daughter: AmberSon: Ulice III    University: BS Business Administration, Marquette University (1978)    Law School: JD, Marquette University Law School (1982)    Law School: University of London (attended LLM program, 1986-88)    Administrator: Trustee, Marquette University    Administrator: Trustee, Medical College of Wisconsin    Addison-Clifton LLC Managing Member (2004-)
    Foley & Lardner Partner (1998-2002)
    Wisconsin State Official Commissioner of Securities (1985-87)    Law Clerk to US District Court, Eastern District of Wisconsin (1972-83)    Member of the Board of Badger Meter, Inc. 
    Member of the Board of Manpower (2007-)
    Member of the Board of Midwest Air Group 
    Member of the Board of Northwestern Mutual (2005-)
    Member of the Board of Wisconsin Energy (2003-)
    American Bar Association     Bill Bradley for President     Forward Together PAC     Junior Achievement Wisconsin Board    Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce     State Bar of Wisconsin     Young Men's Christian Association National board of Directors
    SPORTS FRANCHISE HISTORY    Milwaukee Brewers President and CEO (2002-03)




New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Ulice Payne, Jr.


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERMadonna's Sex LifeUlice Payne, Jr.Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican SportsBaseballLawyerHelix Fossil



















Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955– - Dictionary definition of Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955– | Encyclopedia.com: FREE online dictionary
























      Skip to main content
    
















Search












Research categories





Research categories


Earth and Environment


History


Literature and the Arts


Medicine


People


Philosophy and Religion


Places


Plants and Animals


Science and Technology


Social Sciences and the Law


Sports and Everyday Life


Additional References







































Home

College & Higher Education Pathways

					
                      News wires white papers and books
        						
					
                      Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955–
        						
					
    	




























Print this article
Print all entries for this topic
Cite this article



        Tools 


Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955–
Contemporary Black Biography 
COPYRIGHT 2005 Thomson Gale





Ulice Payne, Jr. 1955–
Baseball executive 
Moved From Basketball to Law
Broke Color Barriers at Law Firm
Became First African-American Baseball CEO
Bolstered Brewers to Best Season in Decades
Sources
In 2002 Ulice Payne Jr. made history when he became the first African American to head up a Major League Baseball franchise. With his appointment to the role of CEO and president of the Milwaukee Brewers, Payne landed at number 14 on Sports Illustrated’s list of “101 Most Influential Minorities in Sports.” However, Payne is quick to dismiss his ethnicity when discussing his job. He told the Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service that what mattered most as CEO was not skin color but “what you do.” What he did was help push the Brewers on their first upswing in over a decade. Though the team still closed out a losing season, players and sports analysts agreed that the 2003 Brewers played better baseball than they had in years. Payne also used his background as a lawyer and business leader to revamp the entire Brewers operation from marketing to ticket pricing to ballpark amenities. The result has been increased attendance, greater revenue, and fans who for the first time in years are ready to show their faces again.
Moved From Basketball to Law
Ulice Payne, Jr. was born in November of 1955, in Donora, Pennsylvania, just south of Pittsburgh. His childhood home was less than a block away from U.S. Steel where his father, Ulice Payne, Sr., worked. Payne seemed destined for the same. “When I grew up, you either worked for the railroad, the coal mine, or the steel mill,” Payne told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Payne’s parents had other ideas. Though his father had just an eighth grade education and his mother, Mary, had not gone beyond high school, they encouraged Payne and his younger brother to look for more out of life. Much of that encouragement came by example. Payne told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, “My father always said, ‘I’ll die trying. That’s what I’m going to do.’” By the time the steel mills began to shut down in the mid-1970s, Payne had already escaped the black-sooted skies of Donora for a crisp college campus in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
At Marquette University, six-foot-six Payne made his mark in basketball. He was a member of the school’s team when it won the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) championship in 1977. After earning his degree in 1978, Payne was picked by the Detroit Pistons during the 1978 National Basketball Association draft. He was later cut from the team. “It was the first time in my life that I didn’t make the cut
At a Glance…


Born in November of 1955, in Donora, PA; son of Mary and Ulice Payne Sr.; married Carmella Payne; children: Amber, Ulice III. Education: Marquette University, BA, business administration, 1978; Marquette University Law School, JD, law degree, 1982; University of London, England, attended the Masters of Law program, 1986-88.
Career:   U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Wisconsin, law clerk, 1982-83; Wisconsin commissioner of securities, 1985-87; private practice, international law, 1988-98; International Business Team chair, 1998-2002; Foley & Lardner Law Firm, Milwaukee Office, lawyer, 1998-2002; managing partner, 2002; Milwaukee Brewers, CEO, 2002-03.
Selected memberships:   Board of directors: Milwaukee Brewers Baseball Club, Inc; National Multiple Sclerosis Society Wisconsin Chapter; YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee; Wisconsin Energy Corporation; Badger Meter, Inc.; Midwest Express Holdings, Inc.; State Financial Services Corporation; Bradley Center Sports and Entertainment Corporation; Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin.
Awards:   Member, Marquette University’s 1977 NCAA championship basketball team; ranked 14, “101 Most Influential Minorities in Sports,” Sports Illustrated, 2003.
Addresses: Home —Greenfield, WI.
and that was very traumatic for me,” he recalled to the On Milwaukee website. He bounced back by hitting the books. “I wanted to defy the assumption of the black ballplayer who’s stupid,” Payne told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. “I’ve always tried to distinguish myself by doing the little extra to get ahead.” That extra effort earned Payne a law degree from Marquette in 1982.
Following law school, Payne clerked at a Milwaukee Court of Appeals court for a year before joining a private firm as a securities lawyer. In 1985 Payne was appointed commissioner of securities for the State of Wisconsin, the first African American to hold the position. During this time, Payne began making regular trans-Atlantic commutes to study for a master’s of law degree at the University of London in England. This marked a new career trajectory for Payne—international law. He left the Securities Commission in 1987 and went into private practice, spending the next decade working worldwide. “I’ve been in 27 countries as an international lawyer,” he told the On Milwaukee website. In 1998 Payne was hired as chairman of the international business team at Foley & Lardner, the largest law firm in Wisconsin and the 11th-largest in the United States.
Broke Color Barriers at Law Firm
Though it generally takes seven to eight years to become a partner at a major law firm, Payne reached that plateau just four years after joining Foley. The promotion made Payne the firm’s first African-American managing partner. “Ulice was selected based on his reputation and his stature in the firm and my conviction that he was the absolute best person for the job,” Foley & Lardner’s CEO told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. However, he also acknowledged the significance of Payne’s promotion. “No person of color has ever risen to Ulice’s position in this firm, and we’re sensitive to that fact.” According to the Milwaukee Sentinel Journal citing 2001-02 national statistics, “Minority attorneys account for 3.55% of partners in 625 major law firms nationwide.” Payne acknowledged this imbalance. “When you’re black, you always have to prove yourself,” he told the Milwaukee Sentinel Journal. “But if I had worried about the numbers, I wouldn’t be here.” Payne has worked to make it easier for other minorities to follow his footsteps, donating to youth programs and speaking about law careers to African-American students in public schools.
By the time Payne reached the upper echelons at Foley & Lardner, he was already a prominent figure in Milwaukee. As a lawyer, he had served on the boards of several bar associations. As a businessman, he had led various public organizations and had sat on the boards of several private corporations. However, it was his role as a board member of Miller Park stadium—current home of the Milwaukee Brewers—that introduced him to the business of sports. “[The board] took a lot of body blows,” Payne was quoted by the Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service as saying of the difficult negotiations to fund the project. At the time the Milwaukee Brewers were wallowing at the bottom of the national baseball pool with a losing streak that stretched back to 1992. The stadium was a hard sell to a jaded public, but the board succeeded, in part by promising that the new stadium would bring with it a more competitive payroll, and in turn, better players.
Became First African-American Baseball CEO


By the fall of 2002 the Milwaukee Brewers were still on a downward spiral, losing 106 games to cinch their 
tenth consecutive losing season. Fans were disgusted and players dejected. The stadium had failed to turn around the team’s fortunes and was being underutilized outside of baseball. The Brewers decided to make drastic changes and began to look for a new CEO. They soon turned to Payne. Though he had no background in baseball, his skill as a lawyer, board member, and college athlete made him a natural choice. Community leaders agreed. “He’s very perceptive and he has a sports background. I think he will do a great job,” Judge Terence Evans, Payne’s former employer at the Court of Appeals, told the Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service. “Whatever he attempts is with the intent of succeeding,” Wisconsin State Representative Mickey Lehman said in the same article. “He puts his reputation on the line. And I believe he has made a commitment to make the franchise a winner, on the field and financially.”
Payne’s appointment also met with approval among lobbyists pushing for more minority representation in the office suites of major league sports. “Clearly, this is very significant,” Richard Lapchick, head of the Center for the Study of Sport in Society, told the Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service. “Anytime there is a first of this magnitude, an African-American as president of a team, it’s critically important.” Payne was succinct in his public responses to this milestone. “I’ve been in this situation before,” he told the Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service referring to his “firsts” at the Securities Commission and Foley & Lardner. “I’ve found that if I emphasize [my ethnicity], it would take away from who I was.… I don’t believe I was chosen for that.” He was not. Payne was chosen to take on what the Wisconsin State Journal called the “Herculean—some would say hopeless—task of bringing the Brewers back to life.”
Payne brought to the post both an honest assessment of the team’s status and a willingness to change it. “I’m not going to kid you how deep a hole we’re in,” he told the Capital Times. “I don’t like saying it. It won’t help me sell tickets, OK? But for me to have any credibility with the market, I’ve got to admit where I am.” He continued in the same article, “There’s a philosophy I brought to the table. I call it, ‘Manage by fact.’ We manage by fact, not by forecast, not by hope, what others say, what others expect.” The facts were clear: a losing record, dwindling revenue, and an unclear focus for the future. Payne tackled these problems like a big business CEO, negotiating a new labor agreement, implementing a lucrative new revenue sharing plan, and aggressively marketing Miller Park to non-baseball events from rock concerts to school sports. He also completely overhauled the coaching staff, releasing all but one coach and hiring a new manager, Ned Yost, a 12-year veteran of the successful Atlanta Braves. Payne also created the team’s first mission statement. According to the Capital Times, it says, in part, that the Brewers are “committed to fielding a competitive team both on and off the field that exemplifies a strong work ethic, respect for the game, and loyalty to our fans.”
Payne began reaching out to fans with some dramatic moves including releasing several players. “We made a … ‘contract with our fans,’” Payne told the On Milwaukee website. “We can’t necessarily win every game, but we can try to win every game. We found, by listening to our fans, what they were most disappointed with [was that] the players didn’t care. … They would give up if they were down 2-0 in the second inning. The first thing we said was we are going to be one of the hardest working teams in the Central Division. And anybody who wasn’t playing hard, wasn’t going to play.” Payne has also implemented programs designed to attract new fans. He told the Capital Times, “I might develop a player, but more importantly I’m going to develop a fan.” He created youth baseball programs and allowed kids to run the bases after day games. A “Women on Wednesday” promotion was designed to attract more female fans and included perks such as free massages and food demonstrations.
Bolstered Brewers to Best Season in Decades
However, all the fan initiatives in the world would not work if the Brewers continued to lose. “People follow their sports franchise because they live vicariously through these athletes who want to win,” Payne told the On Milwaukee website. Payne made it his mission to make the players want to win. He all but forbade any pessimism on the part of the players and coaches. With a monumental leap of faith, Payne told the Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service, “Our job is to win the Central Division. I’m not saying I would be upset if we don’t win, but how can you win it if you don’t plan to?” It was a simple enough philosophy but it brought about major changes. Though the team once again came in last in their division, they had improved remarkably over the previous year. They went from 56 wins in 2002 to 68 in 2003. They also enjoyed a ten-game winning streak mid-August. Players and coaches alike contributed the upswing to the team’s new attitude. Of the new team veteran player Geoff Jenkins said to the MLB website, “It’s a lot different.” Bill Castro, the only coach retained by the Payne administration, added, “Nobody yells and screams. There is just more communication.”
Along with rekindling the interest of the fans and reinvigorating the attitude of the players, Payne has also put renewed focus on the team’s A and AA leagues—the minor league teams whose players could eventually move up to the Brewers “We had eight All Stars selected from [our AA team],” Payne told the On Milwaukee website. “We see real players in the system. Our goal is to bring them along slowly and 2005 should be the time when four or five of those young men should be on the ball club.” Other new talent will come to the team during 2004, when Payne plans on aggressively recruiting new players using $15 million the team earned from Payne’s new revenue sharing 
plan. All of these moves are sure to bolster the Brewers’s major league standings. “We’ve got our attitude right, we’ve got our focus and our work ethic,” Yost told the MLB website. “We’ve got the right coaches in place to work hard.… expectations are going to rise next year for us.” “I want to win the World Series. My mission is to win here,” Payne told the On Milwaukee website with typical optimism. “I believe it. It will come. I think we’re perfectly situated with the new ball park, the new labor agreement, and a chance for the ball club in the minds of the public.”
Things, however, went sour between Payne and the Brewers organization. On November 9, 2003, Payne told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that most of his plans for rebuilding the team had been destroyed by other executive members of the organization who had voted to slash the 2004 payroll. While many in the Brewers organization claimed that Payne had signed the budget himself, Payne continued to hold that he was being kept out of the loop and undercut. By November 21, 2003, Payne had agreed to allow his four year contract to be bought out for $2.7 million. As he told a Milwaukee television news program, later quoted on ESPN ’s website, “I wish the team the best and the fans the best as I leave. No hard feelings.”
Sources
Periodicals
Capital Times (Madison, WI), July 29, 2003.
Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service, September 30, 2002; February 27, 2003.
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, May 14, 2002, p. 1.
Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, WI), April 3, 2003, p. C1.
On-line
“Milwaukee Talks: Ulice Payne,” On Milwaukee, www.onmilwaukee.com/buzz/articles/payne.html (August 22, 2003).
“Payne Had Four Years Left on Deal,” ESPN, http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/news/story?Id=1667672 (December 18, 2003).
“Turning Things Around in Milwaukee,” MLB, http://milwaukee.brewers.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/mil/news/mil_news.jsp?ymd=20030926&content_id=545110&vkey=news_mil&fext=.jsp&c_id=mil (September 26, 2003).
—Candace LaBalle







Cite this article 

Pick a style below, and copy the text for your bibliography.
            





                        MLA
                    



                        Chicago



                        APA
                    





                        
                        "Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955–."
                        
                            Contemporary Black Biography.
                        .
                        
                        Encyclopedia.com.
                        23 Jul. 2017
                        <http://www.encyclopedia.com>.
                    



                        
                        "Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955–." 
                            Contemporary Black Biography.
                        
                        . Encyclopedia.com.
                        (July 23, 2017). 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/education/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/payne-ulice-jr-1955




                        
                        "Payne, Ulice Jr. 1955–." 
                            Contemporary Black Biography.
                        
                        . Retrieved
                        July 23, 2017
                        from Encyclopedia.com: 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/education/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/payne-ulice-jr-1955







Learn more about citation styles 




Citation styles

									Encyclopedia.com gives you the ability to cite reference entries and articles according to common styles from the Modern Language Association (MLA), The Chicago Manual of Style, and the American Psychological Association (APA).
								

									Within the “Cite this article” tool, pick a style to see how all available information looks when formatted according to that style.  Then, copy and paste the text into your bibliography or works cited list.
								

									Because each style has its own formatting nuances that evolve over time and not all information is available for every reference entry or article, Encyclopedia.com cannot guarantee each citation it generates.  Therefore, it’s best to use Encyclopedia.com citations as a starting point before checking the style against your school or publication’s requirements and the most-recent information available at these sites:
								

Modern Language Association
http://www.mla.org/style
The Chicago Manual of Style
http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/tools_citationguide.html
American Psychological Association
http://apastyle.apa.org/

Notes:


										Most online reference entries and articles do not have page numbers.  Therefore, that information is unavailable for most Encyclopedia.com content.  However, the date of retrieval is often important.  Refer to each style’s convention regarding the best way to format page numbers and retrieval dates.
									

										In addition to the MLA, Chicago, and APA styles, your school, university, publication, or institution may have its own requirements for citations.  Therefore, be sure to refer to those guidelines when editing your bibliography or works cited list. 
									














































































































College & Higher Education Pathways | Encyclopedia.com





















      Skip to main content
    
















Search












Research categories





Research categories


Earth and Environment


History


Literature and the Arts


Medicine


People


Philosophy and Religion


Places


Plants and Animals


Science and Technology


Social Sciences and the Law


Sports and Everyday Life


Additional References



























































College & Higher Education Pathways















Nursing Programs






Criminal Justice Degrees






Business Degrees






Psychology Degree Online






Education






All Degrees & Programs























Where to start

Making the decision going to college, pursuing an advanced degree or obtaining an industry recognized certificate is one of the most important decisions an individual will make in their lifetime. When considering an educational institution there are numerous factors that need to be taken into account before an education decision can be made. 
Here are the main factors to consider when looking at pursuing an advanced degree or completing a certificate program:
Online VS In Person: This is the first fundamental question that prospective students need to ask themselves. If you are the kind of person that is self driven, has a tight schedule or is not in a commutable distance to an in person institution, then pursuing an online degree could be a good fit. However, if you find yourself needing to be in a physical classroom environment and learn better that way, then you should seek out in person programs that can better suite your needs. People learn in all different kinds of ways. Some are visual learners, some experiential and some need to hear things to have the information really sink in. No one knows himself or herself better than you, so listen to your gut and first determine what kind of learner you are before embarking on the next steps. Rasmssen College goes into greater depth about the plusses and minuses of online v.s. traditional educational settings. 
Career Opportunities: When exploring areas of study that you are interested in, one recommendation is to first explore the types of jobs and careers in that industry. Often times people find that after obtaining a degree that has set them back a significant amount of money, that the career field that they have their degree in is either not growing or is underpaid in relation to the cost of the degree. We suggest exploring a variety of careers and use the information contained here in conjunction with The Bureau of Labor and Statistics Data to determine if you are making a wise investment in your degree. All of the statistics we have assembled on career and degree data come from the BLS website and are intended to help students make wise decisions about their studies and career options with a degree or certificate. 



 
Time Commitment: The amount of time that you have available to apply to your studies is going to be one of the most important factors in your decision. If you are working a full time job, you will have to figure out a way of balancing your personal life, with your schoolwork. This article from US News and World Report will help you come up with a game plan for managing your time
Financial Aid, Scholarships and Student Loans: Once you have decided that you want to go to college and have a career path planned out once you obtain your degree, then it’s time to figure out how to pay for the degree. Most institutions have different financing options that you will have to do your homework on, but all usually have some form of financial aid or scholarships available. When looking for information on student aid and the resources available to students, we recommend starting at the Federal Student Aid website. This is an office of the U.S. Department of Education and here, students will find a wealth of resources and information that will help them better determine what kind of aid or grants are available to them.























Student Financial Aid










Popular College Degrees and Programs
Online Education DegreesTraining Certificate OnlineBachelors in EducationOnline Masters in EducationDoctorate in EducationGraduate Certificates in EducationAlternative Teacher CertificationOnline Teaching DegreeEarly Childhood EducationElementary Education DegreeOnline Secondary Education DegreeAdult Education ProgramsAll Education Degrees








































2009 SIIA CODiE WINNER Best Online General Reference Service
2010 SIIA CODiE WINNER Best Online Consumer Information Service



































 



需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017














Ulice Payne Jr.
































About WPRICYP MilwaukeeContact UsJoin the WPRI Mailing ListContribute/Events


 
            


ReportsCommentaryWI MagazinePollsMultimedia





WPRI>About WPRI>Ulice Payne Jr.


Share: 




EmailPrint




About WPRITom Howatt, ChairmanDavid BaumgartenAve BieCatherine DellinJon HammesCorey HozeDavid LubarBill NasgovitzJim Nellen Maureen OsterUlice Payne Jr.Tim Sheehy







Ulice Payne Jr.


Ulice Payne Jr. is president and managing member of Addison-Clifton, LLC, an advisor regarding global trade compliance solutions (www.addison-clifton.com). Payne is responsible for the day-to-day operations. He previously served as the managing partner of the headquarter office of the Foley & Lardner LLP law firm and also served as chair of the International Business Team at the firm, where he represented global and domestic companies in cross-border transactions.

	Payne received his Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from Marquette University in 1978 and his Juris Doctor degree from Marquette University Law School in 1982. He studied in the Masters of Law program at the University of London from 1986-1988. He served as law clerk for Hon. Terence T. Evans, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Wisconsin from 1982-1983. Payne received an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Marian College of Fond du Lac in Wisconsin in 2004.

	He is a member and past chair of the U.S. Department of Commerce - Wisconsin District Export Council. Payne is co-chair of the China Business Council of the Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce. He is past chair of the Customs Law Committee of the Section of International Law and Practice of the American Bar Association. Payne is a member of the Wisconsin Bar Association and past chair of the International Section. He also served as Wisconsin Commissioner of Securities from 1985-1987. Payne was a member of the National Board of Directors of the YMCA of the USA and served as chair from 2011-2013.

	He currently serves on the Board of Directors of ManpowerGroup (NYSE), Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., Wisconsin Energy Corp. (NYSE) and Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce (past chair).

	Payne was a member of the 1977 NCAA championship basketball team at Marquette University. He was a draft choice of the Detroit Pistons of the NBA in 1978 and is a member of the Mon Valley, Pennsylvania, Sports Hall of Fame. 









	Connect With WPRI






Subscribe to Policy PRImings



Twitter






Facebook




LinkedIn





	  

	  



|
Site Map|Contact Us|Disclaimer|Privacy Policy


            © 2015 Wisconsin Policy Research Institute, 633 W. Wisconsin Ave Suite 330, Milwaukee, WI 53203
        

            This site is powered by the Northwoods Titan Content Management System









Ulice Payne Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 9:15 PM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of ManpowerGroup Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ulice   Payne Jr.Independent Director, ManpowerGroup Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships61$250,000
Background

		Mr. Ulice Payne, Jr., serves as President of Addison-Clifton LLC and has been its Managing Member since 2004. Mr. Payne provides advisory services on global trade compliance at Addison-Clifton. Mr. Payne served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Milwaukee Brewers Professional Baseball Club from September 2002 to 2003. He served as a Managing Partner of the Milwaukee office of Foley & Lardner LLP from May 2002 to September 2002 and also served as its Partner ... from 1998 to May 2002. A lawyer by trade, Mr. Payne previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Foley & Lardner LLP, a Milwaukee-based law firm. He served as a Partner with the law firm of Reinhart, Boerner, Van Deuren, Norris & Rieselbach, S.C. from 1990 to 1998. He served as Executive Officer at Journal Communications, Inc. He has been Chairman of Young Mens Christian Association since February 2010. He served as the Chairman of Bradley Center Sports and Entertainment Corporation. He served as chair of Foley & Lardner LLP's International Business Team where he represented global and domestic companies in cross-border transactions. Mr. Payne has been an Independent Director of WEC Energy Group, Inc. and Wisconsin Gas LLC (formerly, Wisconsin Gas Company) since January 2003. He has been a Trustee of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company of NML Variable Annuity Account A since January 28, 2005. He serves as a Director of Covenant Healthcare System and Bradley Center Sports and Entertainment Corporation. He serves as Trustee of Medical College of Wisconsin, Inc. Mr. Payne has been a Director of Foot Locker, Inc. since December 1, 2016. He has been an Independent Director of ManpowerGroup Inc. since October 23, 2007. He served as a Director of National Council of Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States of America since 2005. He served as a Director of Badger Meter Inc. from 2000 to April 30, 2010 and also served as its Lead Outside Director. He served as a Director of Journal Communications, Inc. He served as a Director of Midwest Air Group Inc. (formerly, Midwest Express Holdings Inc.) since 1998. He served as a Director of State Financial Services Corp. (SFSC) since 1998. He served as a Director of Wisconsin Electric Power Company and Wisconsin Energy Corporation since 2003. He is a Member and past Chair of the U.S. Department of Commerce - Wisconsin District Export Council, served as the Wisconsin Commissioner of Securities and was President of the Wisconsin World Trade Center. In addition, he serves on the board of numerous civic and charitable organizations, such as Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce; National Multiple Sclerosis Society-Wisconsin Chapter; YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee; Childrens Hospital of Wisconsin, Inc. and Marquette University. Mr. Payne was a member of their 1977 NCAA championship basketball team. Mr. Payne attended Marquette University, where he received his B.S. in Business Administration and Juris Doctorate in law from the Marquette University Law School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
100 Manpower PlaceMilwaukee, Wisconsin 53212United StatesPhone: 414-961-1000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorWisconsin Gas LLCTrusteeMedical College Of WisconsinDirectorBradley Center Sports and Entertainment Corporation2003-PresentIndependent DirectorWEC Energy Group, Inc.2005-PresentTrusteeThe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company2007-PresentIndependent DirectorManpowerGroup Inc.2016-PresentDirectorFoot Locker, Inc.
Education
BSBA Marquette UniversityJD Marquette University Law School
Other Affiliations
The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance CompanyJournal Communications, Inc.Badger Meter, Inc.WEC Energy Group, Inc.Foot Locker, Inc.Midwest Air Group, Inc.State Financial Services Corp.Foley & Lardner LLPNational Council of Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States of AmericaWisconsin Gas LLCWisconsin Electric Power CompanyMarquette UniversityMedical College Of WisconsinBradley Center Sports and Entertainment CorporationNML Variable Annuity Account AMarquette University Law School


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$110,000Total Calculated Compensation$250,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationSteven J. Demetriou Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentJacobs Engineering Group Inc.$1.3MAlain  Dehaze Chief Executive OfficerAdecco Group AG$2.6MJacques  van den Broek Chairman of the Executive Board and Chief Executive OfficerRandstad Holding NV$1.7MMichael S. Burke Chairman & CEOAECOM$1.3MAshley  Almanza Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorG4S plc$2.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ManpowerGroup Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Ulice Payne, Jr. | AWIN content from Aviation Week












































')})();
//-->











      Connect With Us    

FacebookYouTubeLinkedIn 





Store
Subscribe
RSS
Newsletter
Advertise
Contact Us
100-Year Archive
 







Skip to Navigation Skip to Content 

Aviation Week 




Search: 


















Register Log In 



Display name or email address: *



Password: *



 Remember me


Forgot Your Password?



close


















 






 







TechnologyAircraft Design
Advances in Manufacturing
Vertical Flight
New Civil Aircraft
Leading Edge
Program Management Corner


Commercial AviationNew Civil Aircraft
From the Flight Deck
Airline Fleets and Networks
Airline Intel
Aircraft Interiors


SpaceCommercial Space
Space Exploration
In Orbit


DefenseCombat Aircraft
Electronic Warfare
Air Combat Safety
Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance
Vertical Flight
Washington Outlook
Military Trainers


Business AviationVertical Flight
Inside Business Aviation
Purchase Planning Handbook


MRO
Connected Aerospace
Products & Services
Events
Aviation Week Intelligence Network














Advertisement 




Home > Legacy AWIN > AWIN > Ulice Payne, Jr.
 

You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser.No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN
 Ulice Payne, Jr.






Aug 17, 1998

 Staff 
 |  
                Aviation Week & Space Technology              





EMAIL


Tweet


 
Comments 0 



Ulice Payne, Jr., has been appointed to the board of directors of Midwest Express Holdings Inc. He is a partner in the Milwaukee law firm of Foley and Lardner.
  


THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS
You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Ulice Payne, Jr.".
 
Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.
 
Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers.

Learn More

            Already registered? Log In here.
          



 


Print

Favorite
 EMAIL


Tweet


 

Please Log In or Register to post comments. 




Advertisement 



Related ArticlesMidwest Express elected Ulice Payne Jr. to its board  
Midwest Air Group  
Midwest Express Elects Board Members, Plans Auction  
Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Steps Aside For Endeavour Launch  
Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Steps Aside For Endeavour Launch  
 














Advertisement 





        Inside the Knowledge Center      

Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry.






 


Oct 7, 2016
Webinar



Leveraging a Model Based Enterprise 

        As programs of record across the commercial, space and defense segments of the aerospace and defense industry have grown more complex, program and project leaders have been forced to look beyond the technical and production challenges they face....More 





 


Mar 28, 2017
Webinar



 From Part Fulfilment to Fleet Uptime: Changing the Conversation in Aircraft Maintenance 

        Commercial aviation faces pressures from several fronts, including volatile gas prices, demands for low airfares, a global multi-echelon supply chain, and the need to keep the fleet flight-ready at all times. One of the key aircraft availability drivers is time spent in maintenance....More 





 


Jun 5, 2017
Sponsored
AviationWeek.com


Product Realization Facilitates a Collaborative Approach 

        Aerospace and defense companies are being confronted by the twin challenges of unprecedented competitive pressure as well as understandably demanding customers who are seeking greater accountability on program performance....More 





 


Sep 27, 2016
White Paper
AviationWeek.com


Better International Trip Planning  

        The aviation world is changing from top to bottom; those who don’t keep up are aced out. If you don’t have the right equipment, permits, and know how, you may not be allowed to complete your Point A to Point B objectives....More 





 


Aug 21, 2016
White Paper
AviationWeek.com


Lean Six Sigma to Reduce Aircraft Turnaround Time and Improve On-Time Performance 

        In the simplest terms, airlines need to maximize the value of their aircraft by increasing profits from time in the air while decreasing the costs and time on the ground. Efficient aircraft ground operations are fundamental to meeting customer service expectations...More 





Knowledge Center Home 





Advertisement 





        Special Topics      

Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.
 






 


Apr 1, 2015
Sponsored



Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing 

        Sponsored by: Makino...More 





 


Apr 1, 2015
Sponsored



Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle 

        Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More 





Special Topics Home 





        Advertise with Us      




 
2017 Media Materials


Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more!
Advertise


 






Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter



Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries.

Subscribe 















Advertisement 













      AviationWeek.com    

Commercial Aviation
Business Aviation
Defense
MRO
Space
100-Year Archive
Events
Aviation Week Intelligence Network
 










Site Features

Subscribe
Newsletters
RSS
Sitemap
Mobile site
 






Aviation Week Network

About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Store
 


Follow Us

Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
 






Search AviationWeek.com




Search: 











PISCES












      Penton Corporate    

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
 





 





Advertisement 









Copyright © 2017 Penton 


















Sponsored Introduction Continue on to  (or wait  seconds) ×















