

	FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN Trademark of PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC. Serial Number: 85191026 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN










 
Get FREE email alerts













FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN  Trademark Information
 PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC
Financial planning and investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   planning   investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark by PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC 
                                in PITTSBURGH, PA, 15220.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC of the FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark.
                           






On Monday, December 6, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN by 
                        PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC, PITTSBURGH, PA  15220.
                        The USPTO has given the FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN 
                        trademark serial  number of  85191026.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is VOLUNTARY SURRENDER OF REGISTRATION.
                        The correspondent listed for FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN is 
                        
                        
                                            Stephen A. Bucchianeri of 
                                            Eckert Seamans,  600 Grant Street, 44th Floor, Pittsburgh PA 15219 
                                .
                            The FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN 
                            is Financial planning and investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN


  Status/Status Date:  


VOLUNTARY SURRENDER OF REGISTRATION

4/20/2015



  Serial Number:  
85191026


  Filing Date:  
12/6/2010


 Registration Number:  
4092145 


 Registration Date:  
1/24/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Financial planning and investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a shield or crest design with laurels, followed by "FamilyWealthGuardian".


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/19/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

PBWM HOLDINGS, LLCPITTSBURGH, PA  15220
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Garlands, wreaths, bands, borders or frames made of plants (Plants  -   Decorations made of plants) see more design...


                                                    Shields or crests with figurative elements contained therein or superimposed thereon (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Shields, crests) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Stephen A. Bucchianeri
Eckert Seamans
600 Grant Street, 44th Floor
Pittsburgh PA 15219






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/20/2015
VOLUNTARY SURRENDER OF REGISTRATION


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Stephen A. Bucchianeri


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search familywealthguardian on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN 




FAMILYWEALTHGUARDIAN is providing Financial planning and investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Top 10 Stocks Held By PBWM Holdings LLC - Slide 1 of 10





















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Top 10 Stocks Held By PBWM Holdings LLC - Slide 1 of 10 | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.





















﻿

























PBWM Holdings LLC Sells 1,006 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Bristol-Myers Squibb Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for EQT Corporation (NYSE:EQT) Lowered by Analyst
Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $230,000.00
Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE:IRM) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:HEP) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE) Upgraded to Hold at BidaskClub
PBWM Holdings LLC Sells 1,006 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)
Appleton Partners Inc. MA Sells 1,689 Shares of United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX)
SPC Financial Inc. Acquires 200 Shares of Altria Group (NYSE:MO)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $448,000 in Instructure, Inc. (INST)
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Shares Bought by Whittier Trust Co.
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Shares Sold by Security National Trust Co.
Arrow Financial Corp Acquires 186 Shares of Schlumberger N.V. (SLB)
Timken Company (The)’s (NYSE:TKR) Hold Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Exfo Inc (TSE:EXF) PT Lowered to C$7.00 at Royal Bank Of Canada
Shikiar Asset Management Inc. Sells 200 Shares of McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD)
Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 187,118 Shares of Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE:CBPX)
Wells Fargo & Company MN Purchases Shares of 58,107 Jagged Peak Energy Inc. (NYSE:JAG)
Rockwell Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ:RMTI) Position Boosted by Wells Fargo & Company MN
Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Reduced by Exencial Wealth Advisors LLC


 


PBWM Holdings LLC Sells 1,006 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 

PBWM Holdings LLC lowered its stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) by 7.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 11,665 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 1,006 shares during the period. PBWM Holdings LLC’s holdings in Bristol-Myers Squibb were worth $634,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. American National Bank raised its position in Bristol-Myers Squibb by 36.0% in the first quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,919 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 508 shares during the period. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC acquired a new position in Bristol-Myers Squibb during the first quarter valued at $116,000. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its position in Bristol-Myers Squibb by 2.8% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 2,229 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the period. Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. raised its position in Bristol-Myers Squibb by 61.8% in the first quarter. Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. now owns 2,333 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 891 shares during the period. Finally, Gradient Investments LLC raised its position in Bristol-Myers Squibb by 9.1% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 2,401 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. 69.72% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Bristol-Myers Squibb Company alerts:



Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE BMY) traded up 0.63% on Tuesday, reaching $55.95. The company had a trading volume of 7,312,939 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $55.07 and its 200-day moving average price is $54.61. The stock has a market capitalization of $92.17 billion, a PE ratio of 19.43 and a beta of 1.16. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company has a 12-month low of $46.01 and a 12-month high of $76.80. 




Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.84 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.12. Bristol-Myers Squibb had a net margin of 24.22% and a return on equity of 31.86%. The business had revenue of $4.93 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.75 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Bristol-Myers Squibb Company will post $2.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be paid a $0.39 dividend. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.79%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 5th. Bristol-Myers Squibb’s payout ratio is 54.17%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “PBWM Holdings LLC Sells 1,006 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/bristol-myers-squibb-company-nysebmy-stake-decreased-by-pbwm-holdings-llc-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have issued reports on the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a $55.00 target price on Bristol-Myers Squibb and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Vetr upgraded Bristol-Myers Squibb from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $62.23 target price on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $63.00 target price on shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Cowen and Company set a $65.00 target price on Bristol-Myers Squibb and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded Bristol-Myers Squibb from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Bristol-Myers Squibb currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $63.26.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Profile
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company is engaged in the discovery, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of biopharmaceutical products. The Company’s pharmaceutical products include chemically synthesized drugs, or small molecules, and products produced from biological processes called biologics. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





































PBWM Holdings, LLC | PBWM Holdings, LLC Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























PBWM Holdings, LLC 

                Last Update: 05-01-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 96

                    Number of New Stocks: 6




                    Total Value: $242 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 5%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




PBWM Holdings, LLC has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



PBWM Holdings, LLC has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





PBWM Holdings, LLC has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



PBWM Holdings, LLC has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






PBWM Holdings, LLC's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




















        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC(CRD# 174303 / SEC# 801-80939)
Alternate Names:
                    PARENTEBEARD WEALTH MANAGEMENT 





                                1869 CHARTER LANE, SUITE 302, LANCASTER, PA 17601-5879






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  















































Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Jul 27th, 2017
				Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network...   






Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 





Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							A U.S. federal agency ordered San Francisco-based Wells Fargo to re-hire the...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

					Jul 27th, 2017				





					Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network established...  
More »

Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)
Earnings for UnitedHealth Increase 30%, Forecast Increased






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Menta Capital LLC Buys New Stake in Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS)
Aon PLC (NYSE:AON) is Ycg LLC’s 5th Largest Position
Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC Has $558,000 Position in Model N, Inc. (NYSE:MODN)
Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Position Boosted by Smith Salley & Associates
Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $427.34 Million
Wintrust Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:WTFC) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.07
Brokerages Expect United States Steel Corporation (X) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.99 Billion
Thermon Group Holdings (THR) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates
Trust Asset Management LLC Has $573,000 Stake in Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C)
Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) Shares Bought by Norway Savings Bank
Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $180,000 Position in Cabot Microelectronics Corporation (CCMP)
Parkway Properties Inc. (NYSE:PKY) Given “Hold” Rating at Stifel Nicolaus
DENTSPLY SIRONA’s (NASDAQ:XRAY) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group
Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:NXST) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Tokai Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVUS) to “Hold”
Halliburton Company (HAL) Shares Sold by Schroder Investment Management Group
CVB Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:CVBF) Stake Increased by Alliancebernstein L.P.
United Services Automobile Association Acquires 1,600 Shares of Tech Data Corporation (TECD)
Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €61.50 Price Target for Hugo Boss AG (ETR:BOSS)
Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG) Downgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub



 
 















































PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






PBWM HOLDINGS, LLC






1869 CHARTER LANE, LANCASTER,  Pennsylvania, 17601, (717) 393-9721


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
106


New Positions
7


Increased Positions
24


Decreased Positions
55


Positions with Activity
79


Sold Out Positions
7


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
249



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
10.45%


Basic Materials
0.21%


Industrials
0.73%


Consumer Cyclicals
0.81%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
8.18%


Financials
69.4%


Healthcare
3.87%


Technology
5.09%


Telecommunication Services
0.79%


Utilities
0.37%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






106 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



VANGUARD BD INDEX FD INC
SHORT TRM BOND
42,312
-2,392
(5.35)
529,168


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
S&P 500 ETF SHS
35,451
4,026
12.81
155,965


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
ALLWRLD EX US
16,421
4,175
34.09
317,368


ALTRIA GROUP INC
COM
11,639
-819
(6.58)
162,263


AMERIGAS PARTNERS L P
UNIT L P INT
9,288

New
206,319


CUSTOMERS BANCORP INC
COM
8,363

New
296,137


NEW YORK REIT INC
COM
8,012
-140
(1.72)
924,071


APPLE INC
COM
6,680
-108
(1.59)
43,531


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P500 ETF
6,132
-107
(1.72)
24,612


SCHWAB STRATEGIC TR
US BRD MKT ETF
5,519
1,644
42.42
92,204


ENTERPRISE PRODS PARTNERS L P
COM
5,423
-80
(1.46)
196,501


SCHWAB STRATEGIC TR
US AGGREGATE B
5,115
143
2.88
97,777


ISHARES TR
RUS 1000 VAL ETF
4,971
-41
(0.82)
42,502


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
4,953
-364
(6.84)
20,016


ISHARES TR
RUS 1000 GRW ETF
4,697
72
1.57
38,241


SPDR SERIES TRUST
S&P DIVID ETF
4,071
-611
(13.05)
45,204


PEPSICO INC
COM
3,749
-75
(1.97)
31,991


PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO
COM
3,487
-461
(11.69)
39,044


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
3,083
-387
(11.15)
23,540


ISHARES TR
MSCI EAFE ETF
2,394
-612
(20.35)
35,806




<< first< previous123456next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            SMTC Corporation Invites You to Join Its 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Call
                        



	                     6:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Southside Bancshares, Inc. to Present at 2017 KBW Community Bank Investor Conference
                        



	                     5:56PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Starbucks puts spotlight on China amid U.S. growth worries
                        



	                     5:46PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. likely to approve Fiat Chrysler's 2017 diesels -sources
                        



	                     5:46PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            GLOBAL MARKETS-S&P 500 declines with transports; oil extends recent rally
                        



	                     5:46PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































﻿




























PBWM Holdings LLC Maintains Stake in Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Wells Fargo & Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wells Fargo & Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Revolution Bars Group PLC (LON:RBG) Upgraded at Peel Hunt
Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ)
National Express Group PLC (NEX) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital
Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital
Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Stock Rating Lowered by Peel Hunt
Daily Mail and General Trust P L C’s (LON:DMGT) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital
Homeserve plc (HSV) Earns “Neutral” Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co
Ophir Energy Plc (LON:OPHR) Upgraded by Jefferies Group LLC to Hold
FinnCap Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for GB Group plc (LON:GBG)
SCS Group PLC (SCS) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap
FinnCap Initiates Coverage on Innovaderma Plc (IDP)
N4 Pharma PLC (LON:N4P) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities
FinnCap Raises Keywords Studios PLC (KWS) Price Target to GBX 1,000
Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Relx PLC (LON:REL)
IMI plc (IMI) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC
Cranswick plc’s (CWK) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Connect Group PLC’s (LON:CNCT) Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt
Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday
Cobham plc (COB) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
Anglesey Mining Plc (AYM) Receives Speculative Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities



 


PBWM Holdings LLC Maintains Stake in Wells Fargo & Company (WFC)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












PBWM Holdings LLC continued to hold its position in shares of  Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 4,786 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. PBWM Holdings LLC’s holdings in Wells Fargo & were worth $266,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in WFC. Alexandria Capital LLC increased its position in shares of  Wells Fargo & by 0.3% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 1,826 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period.  First Bank & Trust increased its position in shares of  Wells Fargo & by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Bank & Trust now owns 20,410 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,136,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the period.  Amarillo National Bank increased its position in shares of  Wells Fargo & by 0.7% in the first quarter. Amarillo National Bank now owns 11,950 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $666,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period.  Peachtree Investment Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of  Wells Fargo & by 1.4% in the first quarter. Peachtree Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 7,444 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $414,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period.  Finally, Janney Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Wells Fargo & by 1.1% in the first quarter. Janney Capital Management LLC now owns 9,659 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $537,000 after buying an additional 108 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  76.00% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Wells Fargo & Company alerts:



Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) opened at 55.06 on Wednesday. Wells Fargo & Company has a 1-year low of $43.55 and a 1-year high of $59.99. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $54.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $55.13. The stock has a market capitalization of $273.47 billion, a PE ratio of 13.56 and a beta of 0.95. 




Wells Fargo & (NYSE:WFC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, July 14th. The financial services provider reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.02 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $22.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $22.23 billion. Wells Fargo & had a return on equity of 12.65% and a net margin of 23.25%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.01 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Wells Fargo & Company will post $4.17 earnings per share for the current year. 
Wells Fargo & announced that its board has authorized a stock buyback plan on Wednesday, June 28th that permits the company to repurchase $11.50 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization permits the financial services provider to repurchase up to 4.2% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are often a sign that the company’s board believes its shares are undervalued. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be given a dividend of $0.39 per share. This is a boost from Wells Fargo &’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.38. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.83%. Wells Fargo &’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 37.44%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally  posted by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/26/pbwm-holdings-llc-maintains-stake-in-wells-fargo-company-wfc.html. 
A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded Wells Fargo & from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $53.00 to $63.00 in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price objective on shares of Wells Fargo & in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Piper Jaffray Companies cut their price objective on Wells Fargo & from $55.00 to $52.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Buckingham Research  reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $62.00 price target (up from $60.00) on shares of Wells Fargo & in a report on Monday, July 10th. Finally, Instinet lowered their price target on Wells Fargo & from $65.00 to $64.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued  a hold rating, fifteen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. Wells Fargo & presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $55.71.
In other news, insider David M. Carroll sold 27,582 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.28, for a total value of $1,469,568.96. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Avid Modjtabai sold 100,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.21, for a total value of $5,421,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 231,278 shares of company stock valued at $12,361,120. Insiders own  0.22% of the company’s stock. 
Wells Fargo & Company Profile
Wells Fargo & Company is a bank holding company. The Company is a diversified financial services company. It has three operating segments: Community Banking, Wholesale Banking, and Wealth and Investment Management. The Company offers its services under three categories: personal, small business and commercial.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WFC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC).







Receive News & Ratings for Wells Fargo & Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wells Fargo & Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Revolution Bars Group PLC  Upgraded at Peel Hunt





Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for St. James's Place plc 





National Express Group PLC  Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital





Daily Mail and General Trust P L C’s  “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital





Charles Stanley Group plc  Stock Rating Lowered by Peel Hunt





Lloyds Banking Group PLC  Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































