 



PEAK6 — Redefining what it means to be an investment firm PEAK6


 
































































































  






 




The PEAK6 Difference
Located in the historic Chicago Board of Trade Building, PEAK6 is redefining what it means to be an investment firm. We’re driven to see solutions others don’t—and capitalize on opportunities others miss. We operate with a focused, entrepreneurial drive and push ourselves to think differently.
This ambitious, visionary approach has helped us become the diverse range of successful businesses we are today, which include investments and businesses across a range of industries.
The foundation of our business, PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC is a proprietary trading business with a 20-year track record of success that provides significant liquidity throughout U.S. financial markets.

Acquired in 2012, Apex Clearing Corporation is a leading provider of clearing and execution solutions to the financial services industry.
Visit Apexclearing.com

From sports teams to consumer goods to innovative online properties, PEAK6 Investments looks for opportunities where we can successfully provide operational help or capital investment to bring ideas to life.

Founded on a great idea
PEAK6 Investments, L.P. was created from the same ambitious, entrepreneurial culture that thrives in the firm today. Co-founders Matt Hulsizer and Jenny Just started their careers at O’Connor and Associates — a Chicago-based options trading firm with a particular specialty, and emphasis, on financial derivatives. In 1992, the firm was acquired by Swiss Bank Corporation. After the acquisition, Swiss Bank decided to head in a new direction.
Entrepreneurs at heart, Matt and Jenny wanted to bring a different vision to life and decided to launch their own firm. And in 1997, PEAK6 Investments was launched. PEAK6 Investments became one of the first firms to develop sophisticated, proprietary technology, which more efficiently manages risk in the options market. This disciplined focus on risk management and technology has helped us achieve significant success in managing risk and making markets. From this singular focus, the firm continued to innovate, growing PEAK6 into a diverse group of thriving, successful businesses that now span many areas of the financial services sector.
2006 
In 2006, PEAK6 launched two new businesses, looking to reach an entirely different set of investors. PEAK6 launched OptionsHouse — an online, consumer retail brokerage that delivered an exceptional combination of value and technology for active options traders. PEAK6 also launched PEAK6 Advisors, LLC — an SEC-registered investment adviser.
2012 
Then, in 2012, PEAK6 expanded its operational expertise into the clearing business with an investment into Apex Clearing Corporation. By combining decades of experience in clearing and execution with PEAK6’s innovative approach to risk management and sophisticated technology solutions, Apex established itself as a leading provider of clearing and execution solutions to the financial services industry.
2014 
After building OptionsHouse into a thriving online brokerage, PEAK6 sold OptionsHouse to General Atlantic, a well-established global growth investor. Also this year, after growing PEAK6 Advisors’ assets under management to over $2 billion, PEAK6 sold its stake in Advisors to Joe Scoby, former CEO of PEAK6 Advisors.
Today 
Today, PEAK6 remains anything but your typical investment firm. Every day, our culture motivates us to seek out, and invest in, good ideas that have the potential of becoming great businesses. We’re always looking for ways to deliver untapped, exceptional value to the market.
Why the name “PEAK6”?
Not surprisingly, the story behind the PEAK6 name began in the mountains. Matt was in Breckenridge, Colorado and inspiration struck. He recalled someone once telling him it takes 6 peaks to make a mountain range. He was drawn to this notion of peaks and how they can stand alone and/or work together to form something even more powerful. This perfectly represented the vision for the new firm. And with that, the PEAK6 name took hold. Interestingly, the peak that Matt used as inspiration for our name so many years ago opened to the public in 2013. They named it Peak6. And no — we had nothing to do with it. It’s just fate working its magic.

 


























Peak6 Capital Management LLC                                                                                             - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Investment offices, Nec



Investment Offices, Nec



                            Peak6 Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Peak6 Capital Management LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



141 W JACKSON BLVD # 500 CHICAGO, IL 60604
Get Directions



(312) 362-2401
www.peak6.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $8,710,318.00
 Employee Count 60
 Industries Investment Offices, Nec
 Contacts Mike Rothkopf                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1997 the company has been providing Investment Offices, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 



PEAK6 — Redefining what it means to be an investment firm PEAK6


 







































































































  






 







 


















 






 








Entrepreneurial drive.
		

Exceptional results.
		










Unique perspective.
		

Proven success. 
		










Iconic address.
		

Visionary approach.
		


 






 


















 






 


















 






 


















 






 


















 



 


























PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Peak6 Capital Management, LLC offers options trading and investment services. In addition, the company provides liquidity and risk management services to the options market. The company was incorporated in 1997 and is based in Chicago, Illinois. Peak6 Capital Management, LLC is a subsidiary of Peak6 Investment LP.


141 West Jackson BoulevardSuite 500Chicago, IL 60604United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 312-362-2401








Key Executives for PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC




Mr. George Ruhana


      	Chief Executive Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























PEAK6 Capital Management - MarketsWiki, A Commonwealth of Market Knowledge





















PEAK6 Capital Management

From MarketsWiki


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search











The TT Platform

Solutions

Markets Served

Trade Talk Blog










Become a sponsor »












PEAK6 Capital Management


 Founded

 1997


 Headquarters

 Chicago


 Products

 Market maker and proprietary trading firm


 Website

 www.peak6.com



PEAK6 Capital Management LLC is a subsidiary of Peak6 Investments, L.P. that offers options trading and investment services. It also provides liquidity and risk management services to the options market. Peak6 Capital Management and Peak6 Investments are based in Chicago, Illinois.[1]
Peak6 Capital Management is a market maker and proprietary trading firm.  

Contents

1 History

1.1 PEAK6 Advisors
1.2 Just Options
1.3 OptionsHouse
1.4 PEAK6 University
1.5 Key People


2 References


History
PEAK6 is a member firm at the International Securities Exchange (ISE).


PEAK6 Advisors
PEAK6 Advisors is the company's registered investment advisor.

Just Options
Just Options is an arm of the company that aims to help independent traders and incubate hedge funds.

OptionsHouse
OptionsHouse is the brokerage arm of the company that offers a commission structure that offers a flat rate of $4.95 for stock trades and $9.95 for options trades. OptionsHouse received a four-star rating in the 2008 Barron's Online Broker Survey.
OptionsHouse is expected to unveil a new Tax Optimization and Reporting Tools from Maxit, which provides real-time, cost basis and tax-based investment decision support.

PEAK6 University
Key People
References

↑ Peak6 Capital Management LLC. BusinessWeek.



 
				Retrieved from "http://www.marketswiki.com/wiki/index.php?title=PEAK6_Capital_Management&oldid=196449"				
Categories: Sponsored PagesSponsored Pages - TTPeak6Proprietary Trading FirmsMarket Makers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log in 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion





Variants








Views

Read
View source
View history



Actions






Search


 







Navigation


Home
Recent Changes
About / Contact
Sponsorship
Become an Editor
Job Postings
Upcoming Events
Help




John Lothian News


MW Education
JohnLothianNews
MarketsReformWiki




Special Pages


Popular Pages
Random Page
Categories




Tools


What links here
Related changes
Special pages
Printable version
Permanent link
Page information







 This page was last modified on 28 July 2016, at 03:26.
This page has been accessed 8,417 times.


Privacy policy
About MarketsWiki
Disclaimers
Mobile view





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







George Ruhana - Chief Executive Officer at Peak6 Capital Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





George Ruhana
Chief Executive Officer at Peak6 Capital Management LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations 


George Ruhana
Chief Executive Officer at Peak6 Capital Management LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Peak6 Capital Management LLC

OptionsHouse LLC




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 79 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PRWeb
June 26, 2017





                        PEAK6 Investments, L.P. Leads $2.5 Million Funding Into Trizic                    





RelSci
April 13, 2017





                        George Ruhana is now serving in a new position at PEAK6 Investments LP                    





Crain's Chicago Business
June 16, 2014





                        Then there were none                    





Chicago Tribune (Illinois)
June 6, 2014





                        Trading now on tap                    





PR Newswire
May 27, 2014





                        OptionsHouse and tradeMONSTER to Combine to Form Leading Online Brokerage Firm                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Matthew Hulsizer

Co-Founder at PEAK6 Investments LP




David Budworth

Chief Technology Officer at Spark Networks, Inc.





Brian Muller

Partner at PEAK6 Investments LP




Ryan Sullivan

Partner & Trading Management, Peak6 Advisors at PEAK6 Investments LP





Danny Rosenthal

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Spark Networks, Inc.




Jenny Just

Co-Founder at OptionsHouse LLC





Geoffrey Zhu

Partner at PEAK6 Investments LP




Phil Houk

Partner at PEAK6 Investments LP





Mike Salem

Partner at PEAK6 Investments LP




Jud Pyle

Partner at PEAK6 Investments LP







See 69 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 69 More 


 


 Paths to George Ruhana



            George Ruhana          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 George Ruhana






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with George Ruhana.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The University of Chicago

                  The University of Chicago's Office of Investments (COI) is responsible for managing the University's investment assets, which includes overseeing the endowment to ensure that it benefits both current and future generations of the University of Chicago. COI oversees the broad investment strategy and provides input to the development of the strategic and tactical investment policies of the University & UCMC endowments, pension plans and self-insurance trust assets. Their strategy combines qualitative and quantitative analysis, seeking to achieve superior investment performance on a risk-adjusted basis. COI's approach seeks to evaluate the investment strategy as an integrated part of the operating plans of the University rather than in isolation and focuses the the University's overall success, not investment returns. The endowment is well-diversified across a variety of asset classes, including global stocks and bonds, real estate, natural resources, private equity, absolute return strategies and protection (tail-hedging strategies). Asset class exposure is achieved primarily by selecting and engaging external managers. COI manages the global macro and the overlay portfolio to ensure that the portfolio’s overall positioning is compliance with the endowment's investment guidelines. COI's strategies for investing in the public markets include: Absolute Return, Private Debt, Fixed Income and Credit. and Global Equities. COI's real assets team invests globally in real estate and natural resources using outside managers. The real estate portfolio invests globally in value-added and opportunistic strategies using both private partnerships and public vehicles. The natural resources portfolio invests globally in strategies that include, but are not limited to: oil and gas exploration & production; power generation; infrastructure; timber; mining and minerals; and agriculture.                




 


University of Michigan

                  The University of Michigan (UM, U-M, UMich, or U of M), frequently referred to as simply Michigan, is a public research university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. It is the state's oldest university and the flagship campus of the University of Michigan. It is one of the original eight Public Ivy universities and is one of the founding members of the Association of American Universities. It has been ranked among the top five research universities in the US, and among the top 20 universities in the world. U-M also has satellite campuses in Flint and Dearborn.                




MBA 


University of Chicago - Booth School of Business

                  The University of Chicago Booth School of Business is a graduate business school located in Chicago, Illinois, at the University of Chicago. Formerly known as the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business, Chicago Booth is the second-oldest business school in the U.S., the first such school to offer an Executive MBA program, and the first to initiate a Ph.D. program in business. The school was renamed in 2008 following a $300 million endowment gift to the school by alumnus David G. Booth. The school has the third-largest endowment of any business school.

The school's flagship campus is located in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago on the main campus of the university. The school also maintains additional campuses in London and Asia (originally Singapore, but in July 2013 a move to Hong Kong was announced), as well as in downtown Chicago on the Magnificent Mile. In addition to conducting graduate business programs, the school conducts research in the fields of finance, economics, quantitative marketing research, and accounting. Chicago Booth is currently ranked first in the United States by Bloomberg Businessweek and first globally by the Economist.                




Bachelor of Business Administration 


University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business

                  The Stephen M. Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan is a vibrant and distinctive learning community grounded in the principle that business can be an extraordinary vehicle for positive change in today's dynamic global economy.

At the Ross School of Business, our mission is to develop leaders who make a positive difference in the world. Through thought and action, members of the Ross community drive change and innovation that improves business and society.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    1999 - Current                


Peak6 Capital Management LLC


                  PEAK6 Capital Management LLC is a proprietary trading business with a proven track record of success, providing significant liquidity throughout U.S. financial markets.                




Managing Director, Peak6 Capital Management

                                    1999 - Current                


PEAK6 Investments LP


                  PEAK6 Investments LP provides investment services. It offers market making, risk management, and online brokerage. The company was founded by Matthew Nels Hulsizer and Jennifer Just Makowiec in 1997 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                




Senior Trader

                                    Prior                


Achievement Asset Management LLC


                  Achievement Asset Management (AAM) focuses on growth by trading European credit and stocks. The investment strategies the firm employs with respect to the Achievement Funds generally combine elements of fundamental long-short equity and corporate credit relative value trading, but may also include statistical arbitrage, convertible arbitrage, convertible preferred and other related strategies or variations of these strategies.The Achievement Funds seek to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing when and where it is believed such returns can be achieved. Their secondary objective preservation of capital. The funds may trade futures, indices, options, bonds, treasuries, OTC products, ETFs and other variousinstruments as part of their portfolio and risk management processes. The funds actively trade with the majority of their positions in U.S. and Canadian issuers and with significant exposure to European and U.K. issuers. The funds may also invest in certain other countries on an opportunistic basis. In addition, AAM may trade globally and has the the sole discretion to diversify the geographic allocation of the funds' capital.                




Partner

                                    2008 - 2014                


OptionsHouse LLC


                  OptionsHouse LLC operates as an online stock and option broking company. It offers trading platforms for retail and institutional options traders and investors. The firm offers trading platform, mobile trading, and virtual trading services. The company was founded by Danny Rosenthal and David Budworth in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$25K - $50K

                  2010
                


Stand for Children Leadership Center


                  TO ENSURE THAT ALL CHILDREN, REGARDLESS OF THEIR BACKGROUND, GRADUATE FROM HIGH SCHOOL PREPARED FOR, AND WITH ACCESS TO, A COLLEGE EDUCATION.                





 Political Donations



$5,000

                  2013                


Chicago Board Options Exchange PAC







$1,000

                  2009                


Chicago Board Options Exchange PAC







$3,000

                  2008                


Chicago Board Options Exchange PAC







$500

                  2008                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                




$800

                  2007                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Other Affiliations




              George Ruhana is affiliated with
                            Peak6 Capital Management LLC, PEAK6 Investments LP, Achievement Asset Management LLC, OptionsHouse LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














peak6 capital management llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





LLC vs Corporation



LLC or Corporation?




How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages





Searches related topeak6 capital management llc



peak6 investments lp


peak6 investments


peak6 investments chicago il


peak6 chicago



peak capital management colorado


peak capital management colorado spri...


mike salem peak6


peak capital management




Web Results

PEAK6 — Redefining what it means to be an investment firm

www.peak6.com/about-us


PEAK6 Capital Management LLC is a proprietary trading business with a proven track record of success, providing significant liquidity throughout U.S. financial markets.


PEAK6 — Redefining what it means to be an investment firm

www.peak6.com


PEAK6 isn't your typical investment firm. We operate with an entrepreneurial drive and push ourselves to think differently—we see solutions others don’t.


Peak6 Capital Management LLC - Financial Services Firm ...

https://www.brightscope.com/.../778329/Peak6-Capital-Management-LLC


Contact Peak6 Capital Management LLC or view Peak6 Capital Management LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed ...


PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?...


Get to know PEAK6 Capital Management, LLC CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation in this ...


Peak6 Capital Management LLC in Chicago, IL - (312) 362-2401

www.buzzfile.com/business/Peak6-Advisors-312-362-2401


Peak6 Capital Management LLC (trade name Peak6 Advisors) is in the Investment Offices, nec business. View competitors, revenue, employees, website and phone number.


Hedge Fund - PEAK6 Capital Management - Insider Monkey

www.insidermonkey.com/hedge-fund/peak6+capital+management/465


Peak6 Capital Management is a diversified financial services firm co-founded in 1997 by Matthew Hulsizer and Jennifer Just, who had previously worked together at ...


Peak6 Capital Management LLC - dandb.com

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/peak6capitalmanagementllc...


View up to date company information for Peak6 Capital Management LLC in the ...


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Before the SECURITIES AND ...

https://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/2013/34-70410.pdf


Before the SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ... PEAK6 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC ... made payable to the Securities and Exchange Commission and hand -


Peak6 Capital Management LLC - Official MapQuest

https://www.mapquest.com/.../peak6-capital-management-llc-366368152


Get directions, reviews and information for Peak6 Capital Management LLC in Chicago, IL.










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





LLC vs Corporation



LLC or Corporation?




How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




Searches related topeak6 capital management llc



peak6 investments lp


peak6 investments


peak6 investments chicago il


peak6 chicago



peak capital management colorado


peak capital management colorado spri...


mike salem peak6


peak capital management




12345Next






Answers







Capital Management Group, LLC



Capital Management Group, LLC was an investment bank located in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Shawn Baldwin who was Chairman and CEO of the...

more






Covepoint Capital Advisors LLC



Covepoint Capital Advisors LLC is a privately held hedge fund, which is based in New York City, New York. The fund started off as part of Bear Stearns...

more






Blackstreet Capital Management



Blackstreet Capital Management, LLC is a private equity firm that invests in and operates small to mid-sized distressed companies. The firm was founded...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








