


















Pegasus Partners | Wealth Management for Individuals and Organizations




















































×


WHAT WE DO
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
OUR TEAM
CONTACT






CLIENT PORTAL







Wealth management for individuals, families, trusts, foundations & endowments.









WHAT WE DO

Comprehensive wealth management for a single fee on investable assets with a focus on Investment Management, Financial Planning, and Family Wealth Transfer.





INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT



Asset Allocation
Develop a personalized investment management strategy with the proper asset allocation and product choices.



Risk Assessment
Determine risk tolerance to create a comprehensive financial and investment plan that fulfills long-term needs.



Liquidity Needs
Coordinate financial and investment plan to meet currrent and future cash needs.






FINANCIAL PLANNING



Retirement Planning
Review various scenarios to test the ability of the financial plan to reach long-term income requirements.



Insurance Analysis
Provide an unbiased in-depth analysis of insurance needs and coverages.



Tax Planning
Review all financial matters to  minimize long-run tax liabilities.





FAMILY WEALTH TRANSFER



Closely-Held Business Issues
Integrate the business into the comprehensive financial analysis both as an asset and for possible benefits.



Charitable Giving
Optimize giving for the benefit of charities while utilizing tax advantages.



Education Saving
Recommend the most cost-effective and successful strategies of setting aside funds for college.





WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?



INDEPENDENT
We are an employee-owned firm whose mission is to be fully responsible to the individuals, families, and foundations who seek our advice and use our services. Their interests are paramount.


MARKET EXPERTISE
We have a depth of talent and experience in making investment decisions over many economic cycles. We use rigorous methods for manager selection including site visits and third-party interviews.


COMPREHENSIVE
We conduct a complete and ongoing analysis of all financial aspects (including non-investment assets) for each client, with recommendations for all areas and consultations at any time.


ALIGNED INTERESTS
We charge a single fee on investable assets which is our only source of revenue. This gives us the incentive to work in the best interest of our clients to reduce investment product costs, trading fees, and taxes.


BEYOND STOCKS & BONDS
We have years of expertise in identifying and managing private investments with excellent long-term returns that are not correlated directly to the public markets.






OUR TEAM









Todd Krieg, Founder

Chairman and CEO
CFA and 25 years of investment experience
Reinhart Partners - President and CIO
US Bancorp - Lead Manager Mid Cap Growth Fund
Williams College - BA
Georgetown University - JD













Matt D'Attilio, Founder

President and CIO
CFA and 24 years of investment experience
Reinhart Partners - Portfolio Manager
US Bancorp - Co-Manager Mid Cap Growth Fund
Bowdoin College - BA













Bill Wernecke, Founder

Director, Wealth Management Services
6 years of investment experience
Reinhart Partners - Director Of Wealth Mgt Services
Cedarburg Lumber - President and CEO
Stanford University - BA
Northwestern University - MBA













Jon Hayes

Director of Pro Sports Practice
27 years of investment experience
Reinhart Partners - Dir. Of Pro Sports
US Bancorp - VP and Managing Director
Earlham College - BA
Univ. of Notre Dame - MBA













Kathy Wohlt

Director of Client Service
18 years of investment experience
Reinhart Partners – Director of Client Service
US Bancorp - Client Relations
Univ. of Minnesota - BA
Univ. of Wisconsin/Milwaukee - MBA













Jolie Keller

Director of Investment Research
CFA and 30 years of investment experience
Reinhart Partners - Director of Investment Research
Capital Market Consultants - Sr. Investment Analyst
Silverhawk Capital Management - Portfolio Mgr













Matt Haas

COO and Wealth Advisor
CPA, CFP with 5 years of investment experience
BDF – Sr. Advisor
RSM McGladrey - Supervisor
Univ. of Illinois - BS













John Kennedy

Wealth Management Advisor
20 years of investment experience
Baird – Managing Director
Duff & Phelps / Northern Trust
Univ. of Notre Dame – BA
Northwestern University – MBA













Brian Leadley

Junior Wealth Advisor
CPA with 10 years of investment experience
Ernst & Young – Private Client Services Manager
Gary Comer Inc – Senior Accountant
Winona State University - BS










CONTACT
For more information, contact Bill Wernecke, Director of Wealth Management Services.





Phone-NumberPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 













1501 West Market Street, Mequon, WI 53092
262-478-9009









Pegasus Partners ® is Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.





















Pegasus Partners Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























pegasus partners ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Pegasus Partners Ltd. operates as a wealth management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Pegasus Partners serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1501 West Market Street
Mequon, WI 53092
United States


Phone:
1-262-478-9009


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.pegpartnersltd.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Todd Krieg
Pegasus Partners Ltd


























From The Web











Key Executives


Todd Matthew Krieg


Chairman/CEO




Matthew D'Attilio "Matt"


President/Chief Invsmt Officer




Matthew Thomas Haas


Chief Operating Officer




John Thomas Thomas


Chief Compliance Officer




William A Wernecke Jr "Bill"


Dir:Wealth Mgmt/Treasurer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Pegasus Partners Ltd. 1501 W Market St Mequon, WI Financial Planners - MapQuest







































































































    Pegasus Partners Ltd.
  

1501 W Market St

Mequon
WI
53092




 Reviews



(262) 241-9009
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help




























Pegasus Software










































	

	   

          














Friday 28 July 2017 Login:Password:Remember Me:Forgotten your password?Contact Pegasus Customer Services





Welcome to the Pegasus Partner website






Pegasus specialises in providing highly innovative and functional financial and management business solutions to small and medium-sized companies. Established in 1982, we've been a market-leading supplier of modular software for over 30 years. 
Our solutions cater for small businesses through to large corporate companies with multi-million pound turnovers. Opera 3 is our flagship solution. Now also available in the cloud, it's designed to grow with your business and help you meet any technological challenge now and in the future. 










Pegasus Partners
All Pegasus solutions are sold and supported through our highly skilled network of Pegasus Partners. This is because we believe that our customers are best served by a channel of dedicated, independent specialists. Our carefully selected nationwide network of Partners means customers can benefit from top quality local Pegasus support. Our Partners provide our customers with a complete service, from pre-sales consultation and software demonstration to installation, training and after-sales support; ensuring that our customers buy the Pegasus solution that is right for their business. 
The Pegasus Partner Programme is designed to encourage, recognise and reward the highest levels of commitment, focus and professionalism in the Pegasus Partner Channel.
Our Partners have exclusive access to a host of useful tools and resources in order to maximise their sales and marketing activities, offer the best advice to clients going through the selection process and provide the highest service levels to their Pegasus customers and prospects.
As a member of the Pegasus Partner Programme, Partners can take advantage of a number of benefits and services, including:

Relationship with a Pegasus Business Development Manager 
Software for in-house use and demonstration purposes, including all updates and upgrades 
Company advertising via the Find a Partner facility on www.pegasus.co.uk 
Free of charge and discounted on-site training from Pegasus Training & Consultancy Department 
Free product marketing literature 
Access to the Pegasus Support Team 
Exclusive promotional campaigns and incentives 
Join the Pegasus Partner Programme
To apply to join the Pegasus Partner Programme, please complete our online application form. 




 














  � Pegasus Software  

2017   

      










Pegasus Partners



































Home
Services
Approach
Credentials
Contact









Phone
0400 252 032
 
Email
info@pegasuspartners.net.au
 
 
Postal Address
 
Perth
PO Box 977
Subiaco  WA  6904








Welcome to Pegasus PartnersPegasus Partners is a corporate advisory firm.We provide corporate and strategic advice in regard to mergers & acquisitions and capital raisings. Our clients are small to medium sized companies, which are unlisted or are listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. Our approach is to work closely with the client to identify the best strategic outcome in order to evolve the business, making a significant contribution to corporate strategy and business development activities. We commit senior staff, who have relevant experience, for the duration of a transaction.  We also resource transactions with other staff of appropriate expertise and experience as needed. As a result of extensive experience we have an in-depth knowledge of entire industry value chains being upstream supply and commodity markets, competition and regulatory issues, and policy and legislation. We bring the benefit of an extensive network of contacts in our advisory sectors covering industry players, strategic and cornerstone investors, engineers and technical advisers, commercial banks, legal and accounting firms. Pegasus Partners’ aim is to look beyond single transactions and build long term business success and long term trusted client relationships.











Home
Services
Approach
Credentials
Contact

Web Design by Havealook

© Copyright Pegasus Partners Pty Ltd 2017





	PEGASUS PARTNERS Trademark of Pegasus Partners, Ltd.. Serial Number: 86553509 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
PEGASUS PARTNERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













PEGASUS PARTNERS  Trademark Information
 Pegasus Partners, Ltd.
Financial advisory and consulting services, namely, comprehensive fee-based wealth management in the nature of investment management, risk assessment, liquidity needs, insurance analysis, education savings, financial analysis of closely-held businesses, tax planning, charitable giving, and retirement savings




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   advisory   consulting   services         comprehensive   feebased   wealth   management   nature   investment   management      risk   assessment      liquidity   needs      insurance   analysis      education   savings       
                                    




This is a brand page for the PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark by Pegasus Partners, Ltd. 
                                in Mequon, WI, 53092.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Pegasus Partners, Ltd. of the PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, March 04, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PEGASUS PARTNERS by 
                        Pegasus Partners, Ltd., Mequon, WI  53092.
                        The USPTO has given the PEGASUS PARTNERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86553509.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for PEGASUS PARTNERS is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHAEL J. BENNETT of 
                                            Lichtsinn Haensel,  111 E Wisconsin Ave Ste 1800, Milwaukee, WI 53202-4813 
                                .
                            The PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PEGASUS PARTNERS 
                            is Financial advisory and consulting services, namely, comprehensive fee-based wealth management in the nature of investment management, risk assessment, liquidity needs, insurance analysis, education savings, financial analysis of closely-held businesses, tax planning, charitable giving, and retirement savings. 
                            





Word mark:
 PEGASUS PARTNERS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/3/2016



  Serial Number:  
86553509


  Filing Date:  
3/4/2015


 Registration Number:  
4952721 


 Registration Date:  
5/3/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Financial advisory and consulting services, namely, comprehensive fee-based wealth management in the nature of investment management, risk assessment, liquidity needs, insurance analysis, education savings, financial analysis of closely-held businesses, tax planning, charitable giving, and retirement savings


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a silhouette of a "Pegasus" overlaid on a compass design containing a thinner inner circle, wherein the end of the "Pegasus"' tail and the front hoof of the "Pegasus" serve as the directional elements west and east, respectively, of the compass, with the word "PEGASUS" over the word "PARTNERS" in stylized capital letters to the right of the "Pegasus" design.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/11/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Pegasus Partners, Ltd.Mequon, WI  53092
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Winged horses, including Pegasus  (Supernatural beings, Mythological or Legendary beings, Fantastical beings or unidentifiable beings  -   Mythological or legendary animals) see more design...


                                                    Two concentric circles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Horizontal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PARTNERS")


 Correspondent:


MICHAEL J. BENNETT
Lichtsinn Haensel
111 E Wisconsin Ave Ste 1800
Milwaukee, WI 53202-4813






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
4/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/3/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHAEL J. BENNETT


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PEGASUS PARTNERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pegasuspartners on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PEGASUS PARTNERS 




PEGASUS PARTNERS is providing Financial advisory and consulting services, namely, comprehensive fee-based wealth management in the nature of investment management, risk assessment, liquidity needs, insurance analysis, education savings, financial analysis of closely-held businesses, tax planning, charitable giving, and retirement savings.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























 Home - Pegasus

















































Investing in Sustainability & Wellness
We are a private, alternative asset management firm providing strategic growth capital to middle-market companies focused on sustainability and wellness sectors
Learn More




Passion For Investing and a Better Tomorrow

Pegasus is comprised of a diverse team of Investment Professionals and Advisors who leverage the intellectual capital of the firm to unlock the intrinsic value within our investments





                $1.9B                Under Management




                45+                Investment Professionals & Advisors






                5                Private Equity Funds




                90+                Private Equity Transactions







Newsroom






S+, Setting a New Standard in Consumer and Clinical Sleep Technology



                News Article                July 19, 2017








Spend It Better: How Tech Is Improving 3 Things Taking Up Your Time



                News Article                July 19, 2017








Odes to Joy: An uplifting return to the Seychelles



                News Article                July 12, 2017












S+, Setting a New Standard in Consumer and Clinical Sleep Technology



                News Article                July 19, 2017










Spend It Better: How Tech Is Improving 3 Things Taking Up Your Time



                News Article                July 19, 2017










Odes to Joy: An uplifting return to the Seychelles



                News Article                July 12, 2017







VIEW MORE


Our Locations






Headquarters
Connecticut
99 River Road
Cos Cob, CT 06807







New York
850 Third Ave
New York, NY 10022




 


















Pegasus Partners Ltd. Buys iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Pegasus Partners Ltd. Buys iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap, ...


February 27, 2017, 11:38:01 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Pegasus Partners Ltd.New Purchases: IJH , HP , ORI , SLF, WMT, BAC, EVHC, WFC,Added Positions:IJR, IVV, FAST, XOM, ACN, CSJ, WU, AAPL, BMO, CAH,Reduced Positions:GSK, IWC, PFE, PBCT, IWM, GILD, AMGN, JNJ, T, LLY,Sold Out:MUB, JWN, DST, IEMG, LQD, EW, WTM, VSM,For the details of Pegasus Partners Ltd.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Pegasus+Partners+Ltd.These are the top 5 holdings of Pegasus Partners Ltd.iShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 103,448 shares, 10.26% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 11.77%iShares Core S&P Small-Cap ( IJR ) - 155,078 shares, 9.4% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 110.97%iShares Russell Mid-Cap ( IWR ) - 76,271 shares, 6.01% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.22%JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) - 79,003 shares, 3% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.32%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 53,182 shares, 2.71% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.38%New Purchase: iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap (IJH)Pegasus Partners Ltd. initiated holdings in iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap. The purchase prices were between $147.25 and $169.57, with an estimated average price of $158.75. The stock is now traded at around $173.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.7%. The holdings were 37,023 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Helmerich & Payne Inc (HP)Pegasus Partners Ltd. initiated holdings in Helmerich & Payne Inc. The purchase prices were between $62.17 and $83.46, with an estimated average price of $71.03. The stock is now traded at around $68.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.29%. The holdings were 37,908 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Old Republic International Corp (ORI)Pegasus Partners Ltd. initiated holdings in Old Republic International Corp. The purchase prices were between $16.58 and $19.11, with an estimated average price of $18. The stock is now traded at around $20.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.18%. The holdings were 141,127 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF)Pegasus Partners Ltd. initiated holdings in Sun Life Financial Inc. The purchase prices were between $32.32 and $39.6, with an estimated average price of $36.23. The stock is now traded at around $36.78. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.62%. The holdings were 36,546 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)Pegasus Partners Ltd. initiated holdings in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The purchase prices were between $67.39 and $72.01, with an estimated average price of $70.02. The stock is now traded at around $71.89. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 11,620 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Bank of America Corporation (BAC)Pegasus Partners Ltd. initiated holdings in Bank of America Corporation. The purchase prices were between $15.63 and $23.16, with an estimated average price of $19.26. The stock is now traded at around $24.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.28%. The holdings were 28,552 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: iShares Core S&P Small-Cap ( IJR )Pegasus Partners Ltd. added to the holdings in iShares Core S&P Small-Cap by 110.97%. The purchase prices were between $115.58 and $140.99, with an estimated average price of $129.23. The stock is now traded at around $70.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 4.94%. The holdings were 155,078 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Fastenal Co (FAST)Pegasus Partners Ltd. added to the holdings in Fastenal Co by 88.78%. The purchase prices were between $38.16 and $49.17, with an estimated average price of $43.88. The stock is now traded at around $50.36. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.63%. The holdings were 64,480 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM)Pegasus Partners Ltd. added to the holdings in Exxon Mobil Corp by 37.39%. The purchase prices were between $83.32 and $92.58, with an estimated average price of $87.38. The stock is now traded at around $81.60. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.51%. The holdings were 47,439 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Accenture PLC (ACN)Pegasus Partners Ltd. added to the holdings in Accenture PLC by 82.43%. The purchase prices were between $115.27 and $125.4, with an estimated average price of $118.69. The stock is now traded at around $122.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.34%. The holdings were 14,622 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: iShares 1-3 Year Credit Bond (CSJ)Pegasus Partners Ltd. added to the holdings in iShares 1-3 Year Credit Bond by 163.75%. The purchase prices were between $104.61 and $105.68, with an estimated average price of $105.17. The stock is now traded at around $105.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.15%. The holdings were 5,275 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: iShares National Muni Bond (MUB)Pegasus Partners Ltd. sold out the holdings in iShares National Muni Bond. The sale prices were between $106.51 and $112.49, with an estimated average price of $109.45.Sold Out: Nordstrom Inc (JWN)Pegasus Partners Ltd. sold out the holdings in Nordstrom Inc. The sale prices were between $47.93 and $61.49, with an estimated average price of $54.33.Sold Out: DST Systems Inc (DST)Pegasus Partners Ltd. sold out the holdings in DST Systems Inc. The sale prices were between $94.93 and $117.45, with an estimated average price of $105.52.Sold Out: iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets (IEMG)Pegasus Partners Ltd. sold out the holdings in iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets. The sale prices were between $41.42 and $46.26, with an estimated average price of $43.8.Sold Out: iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond (LQD)Pegasus Partners Ltd. sold out the holdings in iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond. The sale prices were between $115.6 and $122.51, with an estimated average price of $118.77.Sold Out: Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW)Pegasus Partners Ltd. sold out the holdings in Edwards Lifesciences Corp. The sale prices were between $81.47 and $121.36, with an estimated average price of $97.2.Reduced: GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced to the holdings in GlaxoSmithKline PLC by 60.49%. The sale prices were between $37.39 and $43.44, with an estimated average price of $39.52. The stock is now traded at around $41.59. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.02%. Pegasus Partners Ltd. still held 64,648 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: iShares Microcap (IWC)Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced to the holdings in iShares Microcap by 64.09%. The sale prices were between $71.23 and $87.73, with an estimated average price of $80.46. The stock is now traded at around $86.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.44%. Pegasus Partners Ltd. still held 21,751 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Pfizer Inc (PFE)Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced to the holdings in Pfizer Inc by 52.25%. The sale prices were between $29.89 and $33.9, with an estimated average price of $32.18. The stock is now traded at around $34.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.4%. Pegasus Partners Ltd. still held 79,338 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: People's United Financial Inc (PBCT)Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced to the holdings in People's United Financial Inc by 65.71%. The sale prices were between $15.41 and $20, with an estimated average price of $17.67. The stock is now traded at around $19.32. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.34%. Pegasus Partners Ltd. still held 93,273 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: iShares Russell 2000 (IWM)Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced to the holdings in iShares Russell 2000 by 32.38%. The sale prices were between $115 and $138.31, with an estimated average price of $128.01. The stock is now traded at around $139.62. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.67%. Pegasus Partners Ltd. still held 23,816 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced to the holdings in Gilead Sciences Inc by 50.47%. The sale prices were between $71.61 and $78.47, with an estimated average price of $74.33. The stock is now traded at around $70.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.52%. Pegasus Partners Ltd. still held 13,744 shares as of 2016-12-31.IJR 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of IJRPeter Lynch Chart of IJRPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        IJR
                                    
, 

                                        IWR
                                    
, 

                                        JPM
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Validea Warren Buffett Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/28/2017


						7/28/2017 02:57 AM
					



Validea Peter Lynch Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/28/2017


						7/28/2017 02:57 AM
					



Validea Motley Fool Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/28/2017


						7/28/2017 02:57 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





IVV








100%



Rate It





IJR








100%



Rate It





IWR








0%



Rate It





JPM








69%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































﻿

























Pegasus Partners Ltd. Lowers Stake in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Alphabet Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alphabet Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Stake Held by Vigilant Capital Management LLC
Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 12,010 Shares of Era Group, Inc. (ERA)
Caesars Entertainment Corporation (CZR) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN
Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $43.63 Million Position in Wells Fargo & Company (WFC)
AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Decreases Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS)
Pegasus Partners Ltd. Lowers Stake in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)
Associated Banc-Corp’s (NYSE:ASB) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley
Loblaw Companies Ltd (TSE:L) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Suzanne M. Vautrinot Sells 2,500 Shares of Symantec Corporation (SYMC) Stock
Cray Inc (CRAY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research
Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Bond Trst to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 (BLJ)
National Bank Financial Lowers Tahoe Resources Inc (TSE:THO) to Sector Perform Market Weight
BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (NASDAQ:PLCE) a $112.00 Price Target
FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Endo International PLC Issued By Gabelli (NASDAQ:ENDP)
Brokerages Set SPDR MSCI Europe Energy UCITS ETF (NYSE:STN) Price Target at $32.25
BlackRock Municipal Bond Trust (BBK) Announces $0.06 Monthly Dividend
Aimmune Therapeutics (NASDAQ:AIMT) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows
Kyocera Corporation (NYSE:KYO) Earns News Impact Score of 0.02
Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) SVP Simon Leung Sells 914 Shares
UBS AG Analysts Give RWE AG (FRA:RWE) a €17.50 Price Target


 


Pegasus Partners Ltd. Lowers Stake in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Pegasus Partners Ltd. reduced its stake in shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 4,007 shares of the information services provider’s stock after selling 24 shares during the period. Alphabet makes up about 1.4% of Pegasus Partners Ltd.’s holdings, making the stock its 14th largest position. Pegasus Partners Ltd.’s holdings in Alphabet were worth $3,324,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of GOOG. Cambridge Advisors Inc. increased its position in Alphabet by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cambridge Advisors Inc. now owns 272 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $226,000 after buying an additional 1 shares during the period. Howland Capital Management LLC increased its position in Alphabet by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 637 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $528,000 after buying an additional 2 shares during the period. Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA increased its position in Alphabet by 0.4% in the first quarter. Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA now owns 1,091 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $905,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the period. CGOV Asset Management increased its stake in Alphabet by 0.4% in the first quarter. CGOV Asset Management now owns 1,405 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $1,553,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Naples Global Advisors LLC increased its stake in Alphabet by 0.7% in the first quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC now owns 690 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $572,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. 34.60% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) opened at 980.34 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $948.37 and its 200 day moving average is $878.35. Alphabet Inc. has a 12 month low of $727.54 and a 12 month high of $988.25. The company has a market cap of $678.15 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.13 and a beta of 0.95. 


 Get Alphabet Inc. alerts:



Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. The firm had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.18 billion. Alphabet had a return on equity of 15.16% and a net margin of 21.84%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $7.50 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Alphabet Inc. will post $31.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This piece of content was reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/alphabet-inc-goog-position-cut-by-pegasus-partners-ltd-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have commented on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Saturday. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $1,050.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Saturday. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Wednesday, July 19th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $1,050.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, July 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, thirty-nine have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $994.64.
In other news, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $945.65, for a total transaction of $1,891,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 3,800 shares in the company, valued at $3,593,470. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, July 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $969.92, for a total value of $3,879,680.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 1,536 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,489,797.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 46,268 shares of company stock worth $43,494,737. 13.92% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Alphabet Company Profile
Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























