


    Marc Pegulu | Semtech Corporation | ZoomInfo.com








Marc Pegulu - IoT Now - How to run an IoT enabled business



















































About IoT Now
Our Authors
Our Editorial Advisors
Contact Us
 




Log in
Register




























Twitter Google+ Linkedin You Tube











You are here:

Home
Posts tagged 'Marc Pegulu ' 




News tagged: Marc Pegulu





13 December, 2016


eleven-x lights up Canada’s first carrier-grade low power wide area network for IoT
To serve the growing Canadian demand for next generation connectivity, Waterloo-based eleven-x launched Canada’s first carrier-grade low power wide area network for Internet of Things (IoT). (more…)




23 February, 2016


Semtech and Digimondo announce roll-out of LoRaWAN™IoT network for Embedded World 2016 in Germany
Semtech Corporation, a supplier of analogue and mixed-signal semiconductors, will demonstrate a LoRaWAN™ Internet of Things (IoT) network deployed by Digimondo, a subsidiary of E.ON, an international energy supplier, at Embedded World 2016 on February 23-25 in Nuremberg, Germany. (more…)






Not many results for this tag?
Please try a search?


Search for:



 










 

 

 

  

 



 

 
        
    



IoT Now digital edition 





In the latest issue



Aeris’ Syed Hosain tells IoT Now why IoT offerings should be secured at the design stage instead of attempting to add security to systems once they’re in deployment
George Malim accepts that total security can’t be achieved but goes in search of the balance between risks, costs and liabilities
IoT Now publishes it’s first Enterprise Buyer’s Guide which explores how to select the right IoT platform for your deployment














IoT Videos





The Highlights from M2M/IoT Forum CE 2017
28 April, 2017 by  IoT Now Magazine 


AT&T – From Concept to Creation: Importance of Developers in the IoT Landscape
KORE moves beyond connectivity, emerging as an IoT solutions provider
M2M Summit 2016 wrapped up



IoT Now Sections



Blogs
IoT Events
IoT Now Magazine
IoT News
Videos
Reports
Hot List
Contributors






 




 




The latest headlines:
ZTE’s 5G flexhaul solution supports network slicing and 100G connectivityDissonance in the world of virtualisation 

















Close

Enter the site



Login



Password





Remember me



Forgot password?



Login








 





























Marc Pegulu, Semtech Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Marc Pegulu

VP/Gen Mgr:Wireless & Sensing,
Semtech Corp






Career History




VP/Gen Mgr:Wireless & Sensing
Semtech Corp, 6/2015-PRESENT


VP:Wireless & Sensing Products
Semtech Corp, 6/2014-6/2015


Dir:Marketing & Applications
Semtech Corp, FORMER









Website:
www.semtech.com






Corporate Information
Address:

200 Flynn Road
Camarillo, CA 93012-8790
United States


Phone:
1-805-498-2111


Fax:
1-805-498-3804


Web url:
www.semtech.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Institute National Polytechnique
Master's Degree


Escp Europe
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































 

































Semtech Co. (SMTC) VP Marc Pegulu Sells 1,000 Shares - American Banking News




















































Home
Get Email Updates
About
Disclaimer
Contact
Privacy Policy









 
			

















Business News
U.S. News
World News
Stock Ratings

Analysts' Upgrades
Analysts' Downgrades
Analysts' EPS Estimates
Analysts' Price Targets
Analysts' New Coverage


Corporate Earnings

Earnings Results
Earnings Guidance
Earnings Previews


Dividends
Insider Trades
Options
Press Releases






















Semtech Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Semtech Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 











 Recent Stories


Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Euronav NV (EURN)


Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT)


Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for The Carlyle Group L.P. (CG)


Zynga Inc. (ZNGA) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest


Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Proofpoint (PFPT)


Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (WMC)


Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for TCP Capital Corp. (TCPC)


Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN)


Short Interest in Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Drops By 12.4%


Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) Short Interest Down 10.9% in July


HomeStreet (HMST) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates


Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for U.S. Silica Holdings (SLCA)


Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Caesars Entertainment Corporation (CZR)


Matador Resources (MTDR) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes


Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Laredo Petroleum (LPI)


Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN)


SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR) Short Interest Down 8.7% in July


Short Interest in United Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:UBSI) Drops By 22.0%


Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest


PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) Short Interest Update





 






						Semtech Co. (SMTC) VP Marc Pegulu Sells 1,000 Shares					

June 7th, 2017  • 0 comments • Filed Under •
 by ABMN Staff



							Filed Under: Insider Trades • Market News 






Tweet










Semtech Co. (NASDAQ:SMTC) VP Marc Pegulu sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.45, for a total transaction of $36,450.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 10,894 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $397,086.30. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 
Marc Pegulu also recently made the following trade(s): 


 Get Semtech Co. alerts:




On Monday, March 27th, Marc Pegulu sold 1,000 shares of Semtech stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.50, for a total transaction of $34,500.00. 

Shares of Semtech Co. (SMTC) traded up 0.14% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $36.40. 427,840 shares of the stock traded hands. Semtech Co. has a 1-year low of $21.35 and a 1-year high of $38.40. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $35.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $33.42. The stock has a market cap of $2.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 43.86 and a beta of 1.40. 




Semtech (NASDAQ:SMTC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 31st. The semiconductor company reported $0.44 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $149.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $145.60 million. Semtech had a net margin of 8.22% and a return on equity of 7.76%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 13.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.30 EPS.  Equities analysts forecast that  Semtech Co. will post $1.85 EPS for the current year. 

ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Semtech Co. (SMTC) VP Marc Pegulu Sells 1,000 Shares” was first  posted by American Banking News and is owned by of American Banking News. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2017/06/07/semtech-co-smtc-vp-marc-pegulu-sells-1000-shares.html. 
Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its stake in shares of  Semtech by 2.5% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 7,280 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $246,000 after buying an additional 180 shares in the last quarter.  Martingale Asset Management L P boosted its stake in shares of  Semtech by 0.3% in the first quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 67,624 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $2,286,000 after buying an additional 198 shares in the last quarter.  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of  Semtech by 1.1% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 26,700 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $902,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter.  Chicago Equity Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Semtech by 1.2% in the first quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 28,340 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $958,000 after buying an additional 340 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Arizona State Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of  Semtech by 1.2% in the first quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 34,242 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $1,157,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  96.74% of the company’s stock. 
Several research analysts have recently weighed in on SMTC shares. B. Riley  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Semtech in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Drexel Hamilton increased their target price on shares of Semtech from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Robert W. Baird  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $45.00 target price on shares of Semtech in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Semtech from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 target price (up previously from $36.00) on shares of Semtech in a report on Monday, March 13th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $41.00.
Semtech Company Profile
Semtech Corporation is a supplier of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products. The Company designs, develops and markets a range of products for commercial applications, which are sold into the enterprise computing, communications, consumer and industrial end-markets. Its product lines include Signal Integrity, Protection, Wireless and Sensing, and Power and High-Reliability.




Receive News & Ratings for Semtech Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Semtech Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 































Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!











			© Copyright American Banking and Market News 2006-2017. All rights reserved. 

Privacy Policy and Disclosures |
			About | Advertising 
			| Contact







Content on this website is not meant to be a recommendation or an offer to buy or sell any security. Click here to read our full disclaimer.






























































Biography of Marc Pégulu - The Official Board 




















 

 


 


We use cookies to provide a better service. By continuing your navigation, you consent to their use. Learn more on Privacy Policy.










Business E-mail



Password


            Lost password        



 




Executive name, Job title...



Advanced Search
Tips














Biography of Marc Pégulu
                Last update: June 16, 2017            







Career

Marc Pégulu is currently

Vice President and General Manager, Wireless, Sensing a...


Semtech (org chart)





Create an alert 
                   to follow the career of Marc Pégulu.
					                



Get in Touch

                    Use our Premium/VIP Service to contact Marc Pégulu by email now. Here are a few tips for establishing great contacts.Send an emailto Marc Pégulu. 


With Skype, Call Semtech at +1 805... and ask for  Marc Pégulu.                

Share









More information about Marc Pégulu

Selected links



Marc Pegulu | LinkedIn






Social Media

                    Marc Pégulu on Google News, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube
View the pictures of Marc Pégulu 



Add a new link about Marc Pégulu 


Delete any non-relevant links for Marc Pégulu 

Do you need to know more about Marc Pégulu?
Extend your search. 



The colleagues of Marc Pégulu
Company Colleagues

                            At Semtech, Marc Pégulu has 8 colleagues  who can be contacted including Mohan Maheswaran (CEO), James Lindstrom (Director)…                         






Industry Colleagues

                        In the Semiconductors industry, Marc Pégulu has 6,440 colleagues in 554 companies located in 36 countries.                        2,024 executive movements have been recorded in the last 12 months.                        Learn more about Semiconductors.






Report an error
Update the org chart details of Marc Pégulu.












The most constantly updated executive database.


Companies
Learn about your customers' org charts. Understand their industries and their competitors.

List of the companies
Statistics by industry



Executives
View the executives' biographies. Contact the executives through our email platform.

Most viewed Biographies
Contact an executive



Alerts
Receive alerts when important organizational changes happen.

Create an alert
Manage your alerts



Track your customers
Download our data in Excel on your PC. File your customers in folders. Add private notes.

Download our data
Meaning of key titles








Insert a relevant link about Marc Pégulu.

How does this work?Those links are either provided by our members or search engines. By adding links, you help make this biography more complete. We appreciate the help!



URL of the page to add*
Text to display*
Add a link





Which links about Marc Pégulu are irrelevant and should be deleted?

How does this work?Our links are provided by our members and by our search technology.  By deleting links, you help make this biography more relevant. We appreciate the help!




Marc Pegulu | LinkedIn

     Suppress this link (It is not relevant).

Confirm



 


                    For each of our 763,649 listed executives,discover their exact rolesand their biographies.                

Free Test






		After three unsuccessful trials, for your security,your access has to be interrupted for 10 minutes.Many thanks for your appreciated understanding.Please contact us for any assistance at contact@theofficialboard.com.	
Close











Marc Pegulu - IoT Hub






























Search













Tag: Marc Pegulu






Launceston to get LoRaWAN network
IoT connectivity comes to Tasmania's second-largest city.




















 
 
 
 










 Marc Pegulu | Manufacturers' Monthly                                    RSSFacebookTwitterGoogle Follow Become a member Login      Marc Pegulu News Semtech LoRa chosen for first IoT network in Australia Semtech has announced that its LoRa wireless platform is being used in Australia’s first Internet of Things (IoT) LPWAN network. The first deployment of the IoT LPWAN network is in Launceston, Tasmania, and is expected to enable a host of smart, innovative applications involving real-time transportation monitoring, inventory control, healthcare, and many other IoT applications. … Continue reading Semtech LoRa chosen for first IoT network in Australia → February 2, 2017 0 comment     Latest CommentsMost Read  Popular Posts“Traditional” and “advanced” manufacturing: a false dichotomy7  CommentsSA power prices to become world’s most expensive6  CommentsTesla drives into Adelaide6  CommentsChinese manufacturer opening Bunnings rival store in Sydney3  CommentsAustralia’s biggest manufacturer backs clean energy target3  Comments     Manufacturers Monthly 24 hours agoBAE Systems Australia unveils first engineering scholarship ... BAE Systems Australia unveils first engineering scholarship - Manufacturers' Monthlymanmonthly.com.auDefence contractor BAE Systems has announced its first Joint Open Innovation Network Undergraduate Scholarship, which will drive the research, development and innovation of defence technologies. University of Adelaide Software Engineering student Lachlan Lampard will receive $5000 each year for the… View on Facebook·ShareManufacturers Monthly 1 day agoUnderstanding demand the secret to success. Vega's John Leadbetter explains: ... Understanding demand the secret to success - Manufacturers' Monthlymanmonthly.com.auStaying abreast of changes in industry is key for manufacturers who want to navigate its future. John Leadbetter explains how Vega’s ceramic pressure sensors are offering something new. ………. Companies the world over own a range of different needs and approval prerequisites when attempting to fit new... View on Facebook·Share              
