

	
	The Board of Directors of Pemex Cogeneration and Services has been installed






































































































                            Activar el modo de accesibilidad
                        



                            Desactivar el modo de accesibilidad
                        








Inicio de sesión



























												Petróleos Mexicanos
											                                                                                                                                                            









Parece que el explorador no tiene JavaScript habilitado. Active JavaScript e inténtelo de nuevo.














Press roomTransparencyDirectoryContactHelpEspañol














EnglishActualmente seleccionado
About Pemex
HistoryCode of conductBusiness PlanCorporate governanceReports and publicationsCareers And Working At Pemex
Our Business
InfrastructurePMI Comercio Internacional
Responsibility
SocialSustainable
Products and services
Become our clientServicesCustomer assistanceEmergency
Investors
Principles and ValuesDebtFinancial InformationInvestor ToolsPublicationsRegulatory FilingsDistribution ListContact IR
Suppliers
Supplier relationshipsContracting proceduresContractingElectronic eventsPPI





























Press room > Press releases > The Board of Directors of Pemex Cogeneration and Services has been installed









                                                                                                                
	
	
			The Board of Directors of Pemex Cogeneration and Services has been installed
		

                                                                                                                












                                                                                                                                                        Press releases
                                                                                                                                                        








Press releasesActualmente seleccionadoPresentations









Compartir
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            





















					30/06/2015
					| 59 
					


Contenido de la páginaThe organic statute containing the organization and functions of the new productive state¬-owned subsidiary Pemex Cogeneration and Services was approved during the installation session of the Board of Directors. The statute will become effective after its publication in the Official Gazette of the Federation.
This is one of the first structures approved for the new Pemex’s productive state¬-owned subsidiaries that were established as business lines with the purpose of value creation.
On previous days, the Board of Directors of Petróleos Mexicanos approved the appointment of Eleazar Gómez Zapata as Chief Executive Officer of Pemex Cogeneration and Services, which will be responsible for exploiting the cogeneration potential of the company in order to increase operational efficiency and reliability in the production processes, and benefit from the economic, energy and environmental perks of the new electricity market derived from the Energy Reform.
In addition, the Board of Directors of Pemex Cogeneration and Services approved the appointments of the heads of the areas of this new subsidiary: Raquel Buenrostro Sánchez in Planning and Development; Alberto Elizalde Baltierra in Project Execution; Roberto Osegueda Magaña in Operations, and Rodrigo Sánchez Revilla in Marketing.
In this regard, a potential for cogeneration close to 5,000 megawatts has been identified in several areas of Pemex. Projects are currently being developed in the Cactus Gas Processing Complex; the Tula, Cadereyta, Salina Cruz and Minatitlán refineries, as well as in the Cangrejera and Morelos (Coatzacoalcos) petrochemical complexes in, with an estimated total investment of 6 billion dollars.
Cogeneration projects are part of Petróleos Mexicanos’ business strategy oriented toward the mitigation of greenhouse gases. With the startup of operations of the aforementioned projects, an annual reduction of 15 million tons of CO2 is estimated nationally.











Las menciones de Pemex pueden referirse a Petróleos Mexicanos o a cualquiera de sus Empresas Productivas Subsidiarias.

Última modificación
08/07/2015 12:04

						Transparency

# 

























Limitation of liabilityContactHelpPrivacyDirectory




















© Petróleos Mexicanos.
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                



Marina Nacional #329, Col. Petróleos Mexicanos, C.P. 11311                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


México, D.F. (+52 55) 1944 2500.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

IFAI
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                


 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Portal de Obligaciones de Transparencia
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                


 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 INFOMEX
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                





























Pemex to Build Cogeneration Power Station in Mexico State of Nuevo Leon




















































Industrial Info
Resources






























Global Market Intelligence Constantly Living Forward

















Trouble?

Remember




RegisterInvite





















You are Trying to View a Premium Article


Pemex to Build Cogeneration Power Station in Mexico State of Nuevo Leon



Industry Segment: Power | Word Count: 307 Words
SUGAR LAND--December 29, 2015--Researched by Industrial Info Resources (Sugar Land, Texas)--Mexico's state-owned oil giant, Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) (Mexico City), has created a new subsidiary called PMX Cogeneracion, SAPI de CV to help build cogeneration power plants at its oil refineries, and has recently chosen Mitsui de Mexico, S de RL de CV (Mexico City) as a joint venture (JV) partner to help with the task.
Within this article: Details configuration and construction/completion dates for the 380-MW project.













Listen to Today's News
Listen to Today's News

Daily News RSS Feed
Daily News on iTunes




Login or Register for Instant Access




Username



Password







This Premium Article can be purchased individually or as part of a subscription

Subscribe Now! All Fields Required...









First Name



Last Name



Email Address



User Name



Password



Repeat Password



Subscription Type:

Pricing Help?




 Pay-Per-Article - $5.95
 Annual Subscription - $235.00
 Annual Subscription with Archive - $395.00










Related Articles
   Louisiana Regulators Approve Entergy's Lake Charles Power Station
   Blue Lake Power Plans to Restart Idled California Biomass Power Plant
   Daily News Energy Headlines from June 28, 2017
   Daily News Energy Headlines from June 29, 2017
   Russia Fires-Up First GE 9HA Gas Turbine



All Members Receive the Following Free Resources:

North American Project & Gap Spending
Market Maps & Stats - Capital & Maintenance Activity
Current Economic Indicators
Free Daily Industrial Articles
Monthly Industrial Newsletter













Quick Links
Home
About Us
Contact Us
For Traders




Products
Platform Products
Analytics & Insights
Solutions
Industrial News




Market Outlooks
Upcoming Outlooks
Outlook Library
Tradeshows




Resources
NavigatIIR Newsletter
Career Opportunities










Industrial Info Resources

Toll Free: (800) 762-3361
                                                Phone: (713) 783-5147
                                                Fax: (713) 226-9306



















Mexico Oil Firm Pemex Creates Cogeneration Unit, Shuffles Executives |  Latin America & Caribbean Program


















Skip Navigation







 






Home
About
News
Publications
UT Energy Centers
Outreach Events
Facts & Figures
Contacts
Energy Wiki




Home > News > Mexico > Mexico Oil Firm Pemex Creates…		
			




Mexico Oil Firm Pemex Creates Cogeneration Unit, Shuffles Executives


Posted on May 26, 2015


After losing it’s title as Mexico’s oil producer, Pemex is now exploring the option of producing electricity. The company is restructuring and creating a Cogeneration and Services division which will harness excess of vapor and heat form its industrial operations.
by Lawrence Iliff, Wall Street Journal, May 22nd, 2015
National oil company Petróleos Mexicanos created a cogeneration unit for electricity production during a meeting of its board of directors Friday, and shuffled executives at its restructured exploration and production unit, the company said.
The new Pemex Cogeneration and Services division will oversee the harnessing of excess vapor and heat from the oil firm’s industrial operations—especially at refineries—to produce electricity for sale.
An energy overhaul last year ended Pemex’s monopoly on oil production while also opening up the electricity sector, which has been dominated by the state utility Comision Federal de Electricidad. In wake of the reform, Pemex plans to go from being the nation’s biggest electricity consumer to becoming a net producer, the company has said.
The Pemex board named Eleazar Gomez Zapata as director of the cogeneration unit. He previously served as the maintenance coordinator at the corporate operations unit.
The oil company’s board also voted to restructure its exploration and production unit as the company prepares to compete with private players. Rather than having one director named by the nation’s president, as was standard practice for decades, Pemex will now have a three-person committee to divide up those duties, with the executives named by the board.
Former exploration and production chief Gustavo Hernandez was named operations director of the committee. Juan Javier Hinojosa was named production director and Jose Antonio Escalera will be the exploration chief, Pemex said in a news release.



Tags: electricity production, Mexico, Mexico energy reform, oil production, Pemex







 

UT Main  |  UT Directory  |  UT Direct  |  Canvas  |  Privacy Policy  |  Accessibility© 2017 Jackson School of Geosciences, The University of Texas at Austin
Site Last Modified: April 18, 2017













	
	Pemex's Board of Directors approved the start of operations of the productive state-owned subsidiaries E&P and Cogeneration and Services






































































































                            Activar el modo de accesibilidad
                        



                            Desactivar el modo de accesibilidad
                        








Inicio de sesión



























												Petróleos Mexicanos
											                                                                                                                                                            









Parece que el explorador no tiene JavaScript habilitado. Active JavaScript e inténtelo de nuevo.














Press roomTransparencyDirectoryContactHelpEspañol














EnglishActualmente seleccionado
About Pemex
HistoryCode of conductBusiness PlanCorporate governanceReports and publicationsCareers And Working At Pemex
Our Business
InfrastructurePMI Comercio Internacional
Responsibility
SocialSustainable
Products and services
Become our clientServicesCustomer assistanceEmergency
Investors
Principles and ValuesDebtFinancial InformationInvestor ToolsPublicationsRegulatory FilingsDistribution ListContact IR
Suppliers
Supplier relationshipsContracting proceduresContractingElectronic eventsPPI





























Press room > Press releases > Pemex's Board of Directors approved the start of operations of the productive state-owned subsidiaries E&P and Cogeneration and Services









                                                                                                                
	
	
			Pemex's Board of Directors approved the start of operations of the productive state-owned subsidiaries E&P and Cogeneration and Services
		

                                                                                                                












                                                                                                                                                        Press releases
                                                                                                                                                        








Press releasesActualmente seleccionadoPresentations









Compartir
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            





















					22/05/2015
					| 50 
					


Contenido de la páginaThe following appointments were approved
The Board of Directors of Petróleos Mexicanos (CAPEMEX) approved the start of operations of the newly created productive state-owned subsidiaries, Pemex Exploración y Producción (Pemex Exploration and Production) and Pemex Cogeneración y Servicios (Pemex Cogeneration and Services).
In addition, along with Pemex’s corporate reorganization process, the Board approved the appointment of corresponding directors, upon the  the proposal of the Director General:
In the case of E&P, a Management Committee was created, which will be formed by Juan Hinojosa Puebla, Director of Development and Production; José Antonio Escalera Alcocer, Director of Exploration, and Gustavo Hernández García, Director of Operations.
Hinojosa Puebla will preside the Management Committee as Executive Director.
On the other hand, Eleazar Gómez Zapata was appointed Director of Pemex Cogeneración y Servicios. Gómez Zapata acted as Deputy Director of Maintenance Coordination of the Corporate Direction of Operations, which transformed into Corporate Direction of Planning, Coordination and Performance.
In addition, Rodulfo Figueroa Alonso, who acted as Deputy Director of Planning of Pemex Gas and Basic Petrochemicals, was appointed as the new Corporate Director of Planning, Coordination and Performance.











Las menciones de Pemex pueden referirse a Petróleos Mexicanos o a cualquiera de sus Empresas Productivas Subsidiarias.

Última modificación
01/06/2015 20:10

						Pemex

#consejo

























Limitation of liabilityContactHelpPrivacyDirectory




















© Petróleos Mexicanos.
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                



Marina Nacional #329, Col. Petróleos Mexicanos, C.P. 11311                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


México, D.F. (+52 55) 1944 2500.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

IFAI
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                


 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Portal de Obligaciones de Transparencia
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                


 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 INFOMEX
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                






























Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Power Plant, Tabasco - Power Technology











































 













 

















Project



Type	
Gas-fired cogeneration power plant


Location	
Villahermosa, Tabasco, Mexico


Installed Capacity	
300MW 


Ownership	
Abengoa (60%), GE Energy Financial Services (40%)


EPC Contractors	
Abener and Abengoa México


Order Year	
2009


Completion	
2012















The 300MW cogeneration power plant is located at the Nuevo Pemex gas processing facility near Villahermosa, Tabasco, Mexico.







The Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Plant will supply electricity and steam to the adjacent gas processing facility of Pemex.







GE supplied two 7FA gas turbines for the Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Plant.







The Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Plant was inaugurated by the Mexican President in October 2012.






Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Power Plant, Tabasco, Mexico




The 300MW Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Power Plant, the largest of its kind in Mexico, was inaugurated in October 2012. It is co-owned by Abengoa (60%) and GE Energy Financial Services (40%).It is located at the Nuevo Pemex gas processing facility near Villahermosa, Tabasco, which is owned by Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), Mexico's state-owned company that extracts and processes oil and gas.The Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Power Plant will provide energy to meet the entire electricity demands of the gas processing complex and will be Pemex's first ever power procurement from the private sector.Surplus power output from the plant will be supplied to nearby communities and other Pemex work centres through the national transmission network.The cogeneration plant will also supply 55% of the steam required by the gas processing complex.EPC contract for the cogeneration power plant of Nuevo PemexFollowed by six years of initial planning and design, in August 2009, Pemex awarded the Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC) contract of the cogeneration plant to a consortium comprised of Abener and Abengoa México, both of which are subsidiaries of Abeinsa.The contract also included the operation and maintenance of the plant for a concession period of 20 years.
Financing of Nuevo Pemex cogeneration power project in Tabasco"The Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Power Plant will provide energy to meet the entire electricity demands of the gas processing complex."The $640m cogeneration power project is financed through $460m of debt and $180m of equity investment.Debt financing was provided by a group of lenders including Banobras, Santander, Scotiabank, La Caixa, Banco Espirito Santo, Credit Agricole, Export Development Canada and HSBC.Abengoa and GE Energy are the equity investors in the cogeneration project, with respective contribution of $108m and $72m.The financial scheme of the project was titled as the 'Latin American Deal of the Year' in 2010, by the Project Finance magazine.Construction of Nuevo Pemex cogeneration plantConstruction of the cogeneration plant started in September 2009. The foundations of the turbine and generator units were built during the first year of construction. Works on the transmission lines and substations also began during this period.The electric generators, gas turbines, power transformers and heat steam recovery equipments were delivered to the plant site by September 2011.The Abener ad Abengoa Mexico consortium successfully completed the plant's construction in 2012 with the help of around 2,000 workers.Nuevo Pemex cogeneration plant detailsRelated projectSamalayuca II CCGT Plant, Chihuahua, MexicoThe Samalayuca II CCGT plant is now generating 700MW using dry combustion systems that limit NOx emissions to less than 25ppm.The Nuevo Pemex cogeneration plant in Tabasco will use natural gas supplied by Pemex to produce electrical energy. Heat from the turbine exhaust gases will be recovered and used for converting demineralised / condensed water into steam. The plant is expected to generate up to 800t of steam per hour.The estimated total sale of electricity and steam from the plant over 20 years of concession period is valued at $2,180m. The cogeneration technology used will cut CO2 emissions by 940,000t.Two GE -7FA multi shaft gas turbines are used by the plant. The GE Frame 7FA gas turbine technology has a successful operational history of more than 45 million hours worldwide.The 7FA gas turbines are equipped with an advanced compressor, DLN 2.6 Combustor, and advanced hot gas path (HGP).In addition, the plant has two heat recovery units for steam generation.Contractor involved with the cogeneration power project of Nuevo PemexAG-Ingeniería along with IDOM was awarded the turnkey engineering contract for Nuevo Pemex Cogeneration Plant.CH2M HILL served as the owner's engineer for the cogeneration facility.GE supplied the gas turbines for the cogeneration plant, with the gas turbines contact also including 20 years of service and maintenance.The heat recovery steam generators for the cogeneration plant were supplied by Cerrey.Telvent provided the distributed control system (DCS) for monitoring and regulation of the cogeneration operation of the power plant.Kentech Mexico carried out the electrical erection works of the cogeneration power project.



Share











Related Articles »









Follow Us





 Facebook


 Twitter


 LinkedIn




Newsletter
For all the latest power industry news, sign up for our regular updates.








 




 




 

































































Pemex in further cogeneration JV - Decentralized Energy










uvvedrtxzbzdxyswvbv













Subscribe| Advertise| Contact Us 
































 








 




 Video Advertise Webinars Events Magazine 















 


 







 






Home



Past Issues


About Us


Contact Us


To Subscribe


Advertise


Events


Wade Articles


White Papers


Mobile





World Regions



Asia


Australasia


Europe


Latin America


Middle East & Africa


North America





Cogen/CHP



Commercial CHP


Industrial CHP


Micro CHP





On-Site Power



New Projects


Upgrades


O&M





On-Site Renewables



Biomass, Bio-fuels and Biogases


Solar Photovoltaic


Wind





District Energy



District Heating


District Cooling





Equip & Tech




Business



Companies


Strategic Development


Market Intelligence





Pol & Reg










 


 
Home


Past Issues


About Us


Contact Us


To Subscribe


Advertise


Events


Wade Articles


White Papers


Mobile




 
World Regions


Asia


Australasia


Europe


Latin America


Middle East & Africa


North America




 
Cogen/CHP


Commercial CHP


Industrial CHP


Micro CHP




 
On-Site Power


New Projects


Upgrades


O&M




 
On-Site Renewables


Biomass, Bio-fuels and Biogases


Solar Photovoltaic


Wind




 
District Energy


District Heating


District Cooling




Equip & Tech


 
Business


Companies


Strategic Development


Market Intelligence




Pol & Reg









 








 

 

 







 



Home
More Cogeneration/CHP News
    Pemex in further cogeneration JV


 






 


















Pemex in further cogeneration JV








13/10/2015



By
Tildy Bayar


Associate Editor






































Mexico’s state-owned oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) has announced a plan to build cogeneration plants at its natural gas production facilities.  
The company has signed a memorandum of understanding with US-based Dominion Technologies to form a joint venture aimed at implementing cogen projects in Mexico.
Pemex is expected to build the power projects at various facilities for the regulation and measurement of natural gas. This will harness the energy disseminated during the process of gas expansion, the firm said.
In May, Pemex established its Cogeneration and Services division with the aim of building cogen projects to harness excess heat and steam at its industrial facilities, especially refineries.  The company has already implemented projects at several refineries.[Native Advertisement]











 

















































































Related Articles

















First GE 9HA gas turbine in Russia comes online at CHP plant

21/06/2017

 















$347m Russian-Chinese CHP plant nears start date

19/06/2017

 















Call to build Bulgarian cogen plant launched

19/06/2017

 















‘Europe must wake up to undervalued CHP says industry’

15/06/2017

 





















Latest Wire News






Boston Commercial Building Doubles Cooling Efficiency with Two RT-50 Tecochill Units

27/07/2017
                    Boston Commercial Building Doubles Cooling Efficiency with Two RT-50 Tecochill Units
 




Installation of NuAxon SuperCritical CO2 Extractor Now Complete

25/07/2017
                    Installation of NuAxon SuperCritical CO2 Extractor Now Complete
 




Tecogen Makes First Sale into Florida's Indoor Grow Facility Industry

25/07/2017
                    Tecogen Makes First Sale into Florida's Indoor Grow Facility Industry
 





More Wire News












Article Archives for Decentralized Energy - Formally known as Cogeneration & On-Site Power Production Magazine












Editor's Picks






‘Europe must wake up to undervalued CHP says industry’

15/06/2017

 




Flourishing of German CHP on hold until Brussels approval

12/08/2016

 




Cogeneration and On-Site Power Production Snap Survey

20/10/2015

 

















Topic Index


View Decentralized Energy articles by topic, A-Z










Whitepapers



















Five reasons for a ‘coal exit’

19/12/2016
The exit from coal-fired energy generation is seen as a necessity to meet the global climate protection goals agreed upon at COP21. While this seems like a radical step at first glance, analysis sh...





















 


















Feature Articles












Forum highlights extent of UK heating and cooling decarbonization challenge

14/07/2017

 




ExxonMobil oil offering set to benefit CHP engines

04/07/2017

 




Storage fit for the distributed energy future

23/06/2017

 




Briggs & Stratton aims for bigger leagues

19/06/2017

 




How inlet cooling helps CHP’s bottom line value

08/06/2017

 





More Feature Articles


































Falling demand in Europe tells its own tale

25/07/2017
The trend of falling energy and electricity use in Europe doesn’t get a ...
 




Solar leads the way to new-style electricity systems

27/06/2017
Did anyone really see the explosive growth of solar PV power coming? And...
 




Electricity storage is getting everywhere

13/06/2017
It’s almost impossible to overstate how important the growth of energy s...
 




Combining heat, power and energy storage

23/05/2017
Decentralization we know about, but electricity storage – both its physi...
 




Rural Africa takes to decentralized power

09/05/2017
Diesel-solar hybrid schemes may not be green enough for some, but decent...
 




Local technologies changing electricity systems

25/04/2017
The proportion of PV that operates locally (ie all but the utility-scale...
 




Whole system thinking includes grid futures

11/04/2017
Maybe the key area to study is neither the advantages of new, green and ...
 





INDUSTRY OPINION BLOGS
















Latest Digital Edition



 Decentralized Energy, formally known as Cogeneration & On-Site Power Production
 

Current Issue





      




 


 





 

 



 


 


















 








 
Copyright 2014 Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | PennWell Websites | PennWell Events
 



 

 

 












Copyright © 2007-2016 PennWell Corporation, Tulsa, OK. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions





TOPICS

World Regions
On-Site Power
District Energy
Business


Cogeneration/CHP
On-Site Renewables
Equipment & Technology
Policy & Regulation


ABOUT US

About Us
Contact Us
Advertising
Subscribe


RESOURCES

Current Issue
Past Issues
RSS Feeds
Buyer's Guide


SUPPORT

Register
Login
Forgot Password
Site Map


Pennwell Power Sites

HydroWorld
Hydro Review
Renewable Energy World
Nuclear Power International
Power Engineering International


Power Engineering
PennEnergy
hubs
Decentralized Energy



 

/**
 * jQuery.marquee - scrolling text like old marquee element
 * @author Aamir Afridi - aamirafridi(at)gmail(dot)com / http://aamirafridi.com/jquery/jquery-marquee-plugin
 */
























 

 










#MEF16: PEMEX Enters the Wholesale Electricity Market through Cogeneration and Services |



































 
 























HOME
BACK TO MBP









































Visit































 












#MEF16: Mexico’s Agenda on Energy  and Climate Change
Law of the Energy Transition is Finally Here











#MEF16: PEMEX Enters the Wholesale Electricity Market through Cogeneration and Services
By Wallace Porter On December 16, 2015  · Leave a Comment 






Don’t miss out the opportunity  to get the Energy leaders insights on the main trends, developments, and investment opportunities  regarding the Mexican energy and sustainability markets.
Conventional power generation systems experience efficiency rates of 30-40%, while cogeneration systems achieve levels of 80-85%. PEMEX’s productive processes require large amounts of electricity and vapor, so the oil company benefits greatly from cogeneration systems, as they are a key practice for improving efficiency. Cogeneration systems allow both the reduction in power generation costs by approximately 30% due to the recovery factor in thermal energy (vapor) for productive processes, as well as the economic benefits brought about by clean energy.
In the aftermath of the Energy Reform, PEMEX is undergoing a structural transformation in order to become a productive enterprise of the State. PEMEX has followed a self-supply electricity strategy over the past few years, and it is now undergoing a transition by shifting from fuel-based to natural gas generation in its refineries, gas processing facilities, and petrochemical complexes by implementing cogeneration plants and obtaining an estimated potential of 5,000MW of clean and efficient electricity. According to Emilio Lozoya, Director General of PEMEX, the parastatal can seize 47% of the country’s cogeneration potential, which would make PEMEX the second largest generator in the country.
Since 2008, PEMEX has advanced in the design and execution of a cogeneration strategy to increase efficiency and reliability in its productive processes, reduce operational costs, guarantee energy self-sufficiency, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The Nuevo PEMEX cogeneration plant, which began operations in 2013, has an installed capacity of 300MW. The electricity it generates is dispatched across the country to cover the power needs of PEMEX facilities. A cogeneration station is being built at the Cactus gas processing complex to take advantage of the gas produced in this facility to generate electricity and vapor, while subsequent endeavors will work on the Tula, Cadereyta, and Salina Cruz refineries, totaling an estimated capacity of 2,500MW.
The Energy Reform provides PEMEX the opportunity to participate in the wholesale electricity market by selling electricity surplus resulting from cogeneration activities, while also benefiting from operational, environmental, and economic benefits. As part of its corporate transformation, PEMEX decided to create a cogeneration subsidiary, PEMEX Cogeneration and Services, which was formally constituted in June 2015. “PEMEX’s productive processes are energy intensive and use large amounts of vapor; therefore, cogeneration is a highly efficient way to cover these needs. After the Energy Reform, and once it achieves self-sufficiency in terms of power generation, PEMEX will continue developing new cogeneration projects to sell its excess power in the wholesale market,” shares Eleazar Gómez Zapata, Director of PEMEX Cogeneration and Services.
PEMEX will definitely not be a latecomer in the wholesale electricity market. The company has already moved forward in the design of a cogeneration project portfolio. For instance, the Salina Cruz cogeneration plant has an estimated generation capacity of 517MW, of which 120MW will be used to power the refinery, while the remaining power will be dispatched to the wholesale electricity market. Similarly, the 850ton/h of vapor resulting from the process will be used in the Ing. Antonio Dovalí Jaime refinery. The parastatal’s cogeneration subsidiary is working on establishing alliances with third parties to develop projects, participating as an industrial partner. “Our cogeneration projects are currently being developed with international consortia with extensive experience in project development, operation, and maintenance, as well as commercialization,” Explains Gómez Zapata. At the moment, alliances with four consortia for the development of cogeneration plants total an estimated generation capacity of 2,316MW and 3,530ton/h of vapor, which should begin operations in the 2018-2019 period.
#MEF16 will focus on a wide range of topics, including the development of the wholesale electricity market, the future of the energy matrix, project development and financing, the regulations regarding clean energy certificates, opportunities and trends in the natural gas transportation and power generation segments, and the development of talent for the electricity industry.
If you wish to be part of Mexico Energy Forum 2016, please contact Ana Cristina Garantón  at ac@mexicobusinessevents.com or visit Mexico Energy Forum website to register.

by Wallace PorterMore Posts (46)



								Tagged with: Pemex 
							









						If you enjoyed this article, please consider sharing it!	
					















Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 













 




 











Looking for something?
Use the form below to search the site:







Still not finding what you're looking for? Drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it!






Visit our friends!A few highly recommended friends...New Energy Connections
Oil and Gas Mexico







ArchivesAll entries, chronologically... July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
February 2017
January 2017
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016

















			Set your Twitter account name in your settings to use the TwitterBar Section.			







 
 
 

















Pages





The Latest



Weekly Round Up July 17-23, 2017: Let the power flow
Mexico On July 17, the Student Energy Summit 2017 took place in […]







More

								Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed.							





								© 2013 Renewable Energy Mexico							



























Pemex Cogeneration and Services: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:12 AM ET
Electric Utilities

Company Overview of Pemex Cogeneration and Services



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Pemex Cogeneration and Services generates, supplies, and sells electric and thermal energy and provides technical services and management associated with these activities. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Mexico City, Mexico. Pemex Cogeneration and Services operates as a subsidiary of Petroleos Mexicanos.


Marina Nacional 329Col. Petróleos MexicanosMexico City, DF 11311MexicoFounded in 2015



Phone: 52 55 1944 2500








Key Executives for Pemex Cogeneration and Services


Pemex Cogeneration and Services does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Comisión Federal de Electricidad Americas Estrategia Energia Electrica Americas Fideicomiso de Administración de Gastos Previos No. 10248 Americas Fideicomiso Petacalco Americas Fideicomiso Petacalco Topolobampo Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pemex Cogeneration and Services, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























               Salina Cruz cogeneration power plant - BNamericas                                                   About us   Contact    Store    Advertising   Customized Research    BNamericas Wire   Help   Language:   EN    English  Spanish      Start a Free Trial                   News Projects Companies Reports Data                        Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password               ×   This information is available only to subscribers. Start a free trial, to unlock the full potential of a subscription to BNamericas.  Already a subscriber? Please, login.     Start a Free Trial Now!        Home   Projects  Project Profile             Electric Power  Mexico   Salina Cruz cogeneration power plant         Notify me   Bookmark       Sets     Share           Shared! The content has been shared, if you want to share this content with other users click here.          Message Almost ready! Add a message to the shared content          ¡Oops! An error has occurred, please try again.       Share! Share this content by entering the name and email of the recipient                    Share Share again             Create note    Ask us                                       Shortcut: Description Key Specs Milestones Log and News Related Companies by type, sector and country Key People      Project Stages   The development stages in the projects are displayed in the standard sequence for the industry. However, projects may be developed in a different sequence because of corporate decisions or events that push the owner to repeat stages. To access the full details of this project’s history please explore its milestones        Early Works    Current Stage: Awaiting construction decision       Start: 05/2015                   In Construction                           Operation    In operation       Start:01/2018                   Project Details     Description  The project entails the development of a cogeneration power plant in Antonio Dovalí Jaime refinery. The refinery is owned by Pemex Refinación, a subsidiary of Pemex. The cogeneration plant will supply Pemex with electricity and steam, with excess power to be sold on the market. The goal is to have a power station that generates power in a competitive, steady and sustainable manner, thereby helping the Mexican government fulfill its commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by around 50%. During the construction phase, this project should create 1,500 direct jobs.       Only BNamericas Subscribers Can Access This Information. Subscribe to BNamericas to gain better insight into project development and contract opportunities in Latin America.    Early-stage and under-development projects throughout the regionProject coverage focused on biggest investments in each country and sectorProject milestones highlighting planned and unplanned developmentsSales contacts within operators and contracted companiesAccess to experienced research staffRisk analysis of cost increases, scheduling conflicts and regulatory environment          Start a Free Trial   Already a subscriber? Please, login       This project profile is one of hundreds of projects being inputted, updated and researched daily, focusing on major milestones, associated companies and business contacts for active Electric Power. Including industry-specific information, insight and forecasts for Latin American business opportunities, Business News Americas also focuses on active companies and business and sales contacts , providing networking opportunities with leading executives Contact us today! Phone:+56 (2) 2941-0300       Milestones Log and News              Locked content   Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                   Related Companies    Need further information?        Name Sector Country Relation      Locked content   Project Owners     Locked content   Construction      Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                       Disclaimers        * Figures and dates are as per the latest publicly available information, as well as information gathered by BNamericas reporters and analysts and are subject to change.   * Changes to original budget estimates are shown as the total figure available and may include interest, working capital, inflation adjustments and other contingencies in addition to capital expenditure.   * Amounts and overall results are shown in US dollars unless otherwise stated.   * BNamericas does not guarantee the sequence, accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. There are no express or implied warranties. In no event shall BNamericas, its agents, directors, officers, employees, representatives, successors, and assigns be liable for any damages of any nature in connection with BNamericas content.                       Key Specs  Full Name Salina Cruz cogeneration power plant Project Type Combined cycle, Natural gas Development Phase Awaiting construction decision Project Status Active Project Capacity  517 &nbspMW (megawatt)  Combined cycle   Natural gas  Investment US$ 950mn Completion Date 2018 Location The project is located in the municipality of Salina Cruz. * The map coordinates represent the approximate latitude and longitude, and not the exact location of the project.             Key People    Need a contact name?        Locked content Owner / operator     Locked content Director, Exploration     Locked content Director            Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers     Advertising                             GO                         Close  Milestones Log and News       Date Description                  Close  Key People       Name Position Company Email Phone Number     Pemex Cogeneración y Servicios Owner / operator  ri@pemex.com 52-55-19442500   José Antonio Escalera Alcocer Director, Exploration Pemex Cogeneración y Servicios   52-993-3106262   Eleazar Gómez Zapata Director Pemex Cogeneración y Servicios                  Close  Products and Services       Products and Services                   Close  Related Projects        Name Type Investment Sector                  Close  Salina Cruz cogeneration power plant               Close  Unlock this content      We are sorry. You have no more credits available :(   /Project Profiles Your current credit balance is:   You have not added any company.days left until your credit is updated.          Subscribe              Close  E-mail to a Friend       Salina Cruz cogeneration power plant      Name:    Your email address:     Your friend's e-mail address:    Add personalized message:             Send              Close  Create note             Company-wide    Private    250 characters available.         Need help? We have two types of notes: company-wide, that can be viewed by your whole team; and private, only by you.  Create note              Close  My notes        Search        Company-wide    Private       No hay notas  Load more     Create note                          Delete             July 28, 2017                                                            BNamericas - Latin America's Business News, Information and Research Center for the Global Economy                                          About us   Contact    Store    Advertising   Customized Research    BNamericas Wire   Help   Language:   EN    English  Spanish      Start a Free Trial                   News Projects Companies Reports Data                        Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                                        News  Infrastructure Regional  GI Hub: LatAm needs more investment in roads and power  The latest Global Infrastructure Outlook from the G20-backed group states that Mexico, Argentina and Brazil have the largest gaps in the region between their infrastructure spending and investment needs.            Content Feed                  News  Oil & Gas Brazil  Oil demand could peak in late 2020s, says Shell  CEO Ben Van Beurden said Thursday that crude prices will remain "lower forever" after the company posted a sharp rise in quarterly earnings.                         News  Water & Waste Argentina  Argentina opens bids to expand Mendoza sewer network  The initiative entails the expansion of a local wastewater treatment plant and a wastewater collector. The total budget for both is US$51mn.                     News  Oil & Gas Mexico  Pemex posts quarterly profit despite output drop In Q2 Mexico's NOC posted its first three-consecutive quarterly profit since 2006, but oil, gas and petrochemical production all declined                      News  Infrastructure Mexico  Opening of Mexico City metro studies contract bids pushed back STC is looking for a company to perform feasibility and pre-investment studies for the construction of an express rail service to the new Mexico City international airport.        GET FULL ACCESS TO BNAMERICAS SUBSCRIBER      Enter email   Start a Free Trial                     News  Infrastructure Colombia  Colombia launches tender for Medellín cable car line The project will be totally funded by the city government. The official budget is US$100mn and the contract is expected to be awarded by October.                      News  Oil & Gas Mexico  Pemex awards 5 refinery upgrade contracts Mexico's state oil firm has awarded five refinery upgrade contracts of the seven it had put out to tender.                      News  Electric Power Chile  Engie Energía Chile nearly triples spot energy purchases The largest thermal generator on Chile's northern SING grid highlighted steps taken by Chile's independent system operator to cope with intermittent wind and solar energy during the first half.                 Feature  Water & Waste Argentina  Operator Series: How Suez's bet on innovation is impacting its LatAm operations  BNamericas takes a look at the strategy that one of the world's largest water solutions firms is undertaking to consolidate its presence in Latin America.                       News  Oil & Gas Bolivia  Repsol readies for first gas at Trinidad, Peru projects  Trinidad and Colombia led upstream development and exploration investment, respectively, for the Spanish major in the first half.                       News  Mining Brazil  Anglo American turns a profit, hits debt target  Strong operating cash inflows helped the London-based miner cut its debt ahead of the year-end target.                       News  Metals Brazil  ArcelorMittal reports double-digit profit growth  But the Brazilian subsidiary of the world's largest steelmaker saw operating income fall in the second quarter.                       News  Insurance Argentina  Argentina's top insurance firms  The country's insurance sector recently posted double-digit growth in premiums for Q1.                       Q&A  Electric Power Brazil  Brazil's energy sector reform in the wind   The president of Brazil's wind power association spoke to BNamericas about the Brazil's new proposal to reform the energy sector, which could include changes for renewables, "such as cuts to energy transmission and distribution subsidies", the executive says.                       News  Banking Brazil  Political turmoil expected to further impact Brazil's economic growth  With President Temer fighting for his political survival, key pension reforms could be delayed.                       Feature  Insurance Chile  Chile Insurance Report   BNamericas takes an in-depth look at Chile's insurance sector.                       News  Mining Mexico  Coeur advancing studies at Mexico silver project  The US-based miner is eyeing a smaller scale, higher return development at its La Preciosa project, with mine engineering under way.                       News  Infrastructure Brazil  São Paulo government authorizes highway expansion in Araçatuba  Investments to expand Marechal Rondon highway total US$4.25mn                       News  Infrastructure Chile  Peru's GyM, Cosapi boost Q2 profits  Graña y Montero (GyM) and Cosapi, Peru's biggest construction firms, both posted strong quarters, although GyM benefitted mainly from asset sales in Q2.                       Feature  ICT Brazil  Spotlight: Where do LatAm telcos stand on small cells?   Consisting of compact, easy-to-install and low visual impact cellular antennas, small cells have often been seen as a key technology to improve spectrum coverage. BNamericas takes a look at their deployment and use by some of the major telcos in LatAm.          1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55              Featured Content                   Q&A  Metals Argentina  High-performance alloys 'key' to increased market share   BNamericas spoke with Termomecanica's industrial director Luiz Henrique Caveagna about the company's initiave on special alloys, unveiled this week.                       Opinion Piece  Venezuela  Venezuela on the precipice   If he recognized the vote, President Maduro could claim that most people are in favor of (or at least not opposed to) the constituent assembly process.                        Q&A  Water & Waste Guatemala  Water funds: An innovative governance framework for water protection   BNamericas spoke with The Nature Conservancy to learn more about water funds, a model the NGO has perfected to involve different stakeholders in the development of solutions for water protection.                  Feature  Infrastructure Brazil  Operator Series: Brazil's Triunfo embarks on asset sales   With the planned sale of assets, the company seeks to return to its toll road-focused roots.                       Q&A  ICT Regional  Why is the mainframe still relevant today?   IBM's Pierre Marchand talks about the client feedback that IBM took into account in designing and updating its latest mainframe and why mainframes are still so relevant for large enterprises worldwide.                     Feature  ICT Argentina  Spotlight: Refarming spectrum to harvest efficiency   Mobile carriers are increasingly turning to technology that allows the combination of different bands to increase coverage, boost quality and gain efficiency.                     Q&A  Oil & Gas Brazil  A new oil producer with big plans for small fields   Brazil's oil and gas market has been adding new small and mid-sized producers, such as Dimensional Engenharia, which has decided to include in its portfolio the Vale do Quiricó field, in the Recôncavo basin. Company director Vinicius Benevides spoke about the plans for the mature field.                     Q&A  Banking Chile  Can Chile return to the days of 6% GDP growth?   BNamericas asks former central bank president Rodrigo Vergara for his views on how the next administration can stimulate the economy, what the country's growth potential is, and more.                     Q&A  Mining Colombia  'We needed to touch rock bottom'   ACM president Santiago Ángel Urdinola talks with BNamericas about what Colombia must do if it is to become a mining country.                       Feature  Insurance Chile  Why banks must transform digitally   Banks should focus on providing an experience rather than a product, delegates at a Chilean conference on digital transformation were told.                       Q&A  Insurance Brazil  How do Brazil's insurers deal with spike in cargo, vehicles theft?   Julio Cesar Rosa from general insurance federation FenSeg tells BNamericas how insurance companies in troubled states like Rio de Janeiro are coping with greater levels of crime.                       Q&A  ICT Argentina  OData: Datacenter collocation rationalizes companies' capex   BNamericas spoke to the CEO of Brazilian company OData, a provider of wholesale collocation services, about its datacenter internationalization plans.                  Q&A  Petrochem Brazil  Electrifying LatAm: A second wind for fossil fuels?   BNamericas speaks to Bobby Cusmano, the business development head of US services firm Progen, about opportunities in Latin America's largely untapped off-grid power market.                     Q&A  ICT Mexico  'The zero interconnection rate dispute will put the telecoms reform to the test'   BNamericas spoke to Simón Marsi, CEO of unified communications supplier C3ntro Telecom, about the current state of telecom infrastructure in Mexico and his company's plans to launch an MVNO using the country's wholesale shared network.                      Feature  Water & Waste Mexico  Troubled waters: Mexican dam projects surrounded by controversy   BNamericas takes a look at the reasons why some of Mexico's major dam projects are currently in the eye of the storm.                       Q&A  ICT Argentina  What would be the impact of eliminating Chile-Argentina roaming?   The head of Chilean regulator Subtel talks about the benefits that eliminating roaming charges between Chile and Argentina would have for both economies.                       Q&A  Electric Power Brazil  Abragel seeks 1,000MW of new small hydropower plants per year   In an interview with BNamericas, Brazil's small hydropower producers association talks about expectations surrounding future energy auctions.                       Q&A  ICT Brazil  Improving business intelligence for drugstores   BNamericas talked to Danish business intelligence firm Targit about its decision to team up with Itec Brazil to integrate anaytics into ERP software for the pharmaceutical retail segment.                        Feature  Electric Power Argentina  Scarce financing, underdeveloped projects impede RenovAr progress   Commercial banks remain wary of providing traditional project finance to renewable energy projects in Argentina, a consultant tells BNamericas.                       Feature  Oil & Gas Brazil  Cemig asset sales: The story so far   BNamericas looks at the latest developments in the Brazilian energy firm's US$2.7bn divestment program.         Load more Load more            Intelligence Series           Electric Power   Peru   The Perils of Plenty in Peru's Electricity Sector  The Peruvian electrical system does not face any imminent supply risks, but the ongoing energy surplus is drying up most new investment opportunities in the local power market, with the (partial) exce...         /bna:banner_advertising advertising="bna.subscriber.model.Advertising@22d4e75c" idContenido="0" onlyfree="true" type="BOX_3" mobileAdv="false"/>   Most Read    News  Companies  Projects         Chile LNG terminal poised for approval   Chile approves controversial US$160mn LNG project   Panama thermo developer refiles EIS for US$900mn project   Colombia LNG plant study call falls through   TREND: Liberalization underway in Venezuela's oil sector        Flow Valve Sistemas e Ingenieria Limitada   ISOTRON S.A.U.   Gas Energy Latin America   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (CRSC)   Techint S.A. de C.V.       Sulpay thermo plant    Pampilla Refinery Revamp   Vaca Muerta Formation   Tajin Pipeline   Nazca wind farm                                                     BNamericas                                             Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                                                                                       Close Project set   Create an empty set: Create your set and start adding projects manually.        Create Set         Close  Confirm   Are you sure?    Cancel   Delete          Close Project Sets settings        Show as homepage  Add to dropdown menu         All projects       Recently added       Last updated                      Close   My Project Sets                                      Close Project set   Create an empty set: Create your set and start adding projects manually.        Create Set         Close  Confirm   Are you sure?    Cancel   Delete          Close Project Sets settings        Show as homepage  Add to dropdown menu         All projects       Recently added       Last updated                      View my Project Sets         List    All Projects (4340)                      Project Name    Country    Sector    Type    Status    Stage of development    Last updated    Lifespan    Production Capacity    Investment    Project Owner    Participating Companies    Type of Ownership    Project Risk Analytics       Telfers Thermo Plant   Panama   Electric Power                                      Espejo de Tarapacá pumped-storage hydroelectric   Chile   Electric Power                                      Caballo Blanco   Mexico   Mining                                      S11D Carajás   Brazil   Mining                                      El Picacho cableway   Colombia   Infrastructure                                      Block 21 - San Bernardo   Mexico   Oil & Gas                                      Block 20 - Ricos   Mexico   Oil & Gas                                      Lima New Ways   Peru   Infrastructure                                      Agua Negra binational tunnel   Argentina,Chile   Infrastructure                                      Block 19 - Pontón   Mexico   Oil & Gas                                      Pasacaballos water treatment plant   Colombia   Water & Waste                                      Campo Palomas Wind Farm   Uruguay   Electric Power                                      Block 17 - Paso de Oro   Mexico   Oil & Gas                                      Minas-Rio   Brazil   Mining                                      Coquimbo - La Serena light railway   Chile   Infrastructure                                      Toquepala expansion   Peru   Mining                                      Coaque Multipurpose Project   Ecuador   Water & Waste                                      Block 47   Suriname   Oil & Gas                                      Ruta 19 Córdoba - San Francisco highway   Argentina   Infrastructure                                      Punta Sierra Wind Farm   Chile   Electric Power                                          0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 215 216 217                   Close Select the columns to display     Country Sector Type Status Stage of development Last updated Lifespan Production Capacity Investment Project Owner Participating Companies Type of Ownership Project Risk Analytics     Save           Close Download       Download all columns Download visible columns        Excel CSV     Download             Added Projects   Find new Projects   Please type more than 2 characters to search ...   Added Projects:     Add to set            Close Project set        Advanced Filters : Create your dynamic set using advanced filters like category services, sector, others.    × Info! Select an Advanced Filter item     Sector Country   By sector keywords    By general keywords             Project Type:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next               Project Stage:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next                Search Participating Companies:  Reset                  ???select_risk???    Reset       Includes Project Risk Analytics          Add more  Reset - Add more   Select an Option...                 By sector keywords:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next               By general keywords:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next                  Loading...                  Create Set Edit Set                                ASK US        Close  Contact Us     How can we help you? Your questions and comments are important to us. Tell us what the topic is and we’ll give you our options       Select    Please, select a subject Comments on Content Products and Services Customer Service Center       Message           Send           Close  Contact Us     How can we help you? Your questions and comments are important to us. Tell us what the topic is and we’ll give you our options       Name  Email  Company  Select   Please, select a subject Customer Service Events Newsroom Advertising Subscriptions Marketing & Business Development Jobs Finance & Administration Other Webstore   Message           Send           Close  Login or register      Login   Username        Password (Forgot It?)           Remember me      The password is incorrect    Login      Not a subscriber?  Click on the button below to create your account and get immediate access to thousands of articles. Start a Free Trial             Close  Ask us a question    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please  Start a free trial    Ask us   Send us your feedback            Ask us a question       Start a free trial            Rate our new design    Relevance of information    Ability to find what you're looking for    Overall satisfaction    Were you able to accomplish your task?    Please select Yes No       Send                  Close  Share this content    Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin  Google+            x Close  Restricted Access    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please Start a Free Trial     Email address    Start a Free Trial   Already a subscriber? Please, Sign In            Close  Ask us a question    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please  Start a Free Trial           Ask us a question  The message is required, and cannot be empty    Start a Free Trial                  Close  Methodology & Procedures   Definitions Projects covered include state-owned and private projects in the Infrastructure, Electric Power, Oil & Gas (excluding upstream), Water and Waste, and Mining sectors. Where applicable, a project is considered as such until the end of construction and ramp-up to full capacity (with the exception of mining projects, where the date of commissioning signifies the end of the project). Projects must have a:  a) Start date b) Estimate for completion c) Initial investment estimate  Data For state-owned projects, initial information about the start date and estimates for completion and investment are taken from original signed contracts, along with addendums and annexes. If original contracts cannot be obtained, information is taken from public documents, presentations, news articles from BNamericas archives, and external sources. In cases where contracts are subject to approval by legislators, the start date is the date of the law or legislative approval. In the case of private projects, information is taken from public sources, such as stock exchange filings, annual reports, company presentations, third party research and press releases. In judging the timing of investment decisions for private projects, great care was taken to differentiate between large projects receiving environmental approval and proceeding directly to construction, and smaller projects where the investment decision hinges on securing financing. Best care is taken to ensure that recorded data is correct at the time of entry and that each entry is backed with a relevant source. The greatest care possible was taken to ensure consistency of information in order make a like-for-like comparison in project costs. Insofar as the figures rely on disclosure by the organization or company responsible, the figures can be considered to be conservative in nature. No attempt was made to adjust figures for inflation during the course of research or for consideration of the time value of money. Validation In the case of state-owned projects, validation is carried out where possible with either a member of the consortium, EPC contractor, a relevant state agency or advisors to either party. Currency Projects costs are measured in US dollars. Where project costs are measured in a local currency, amounts are converted to US dollars at the date of the relevant announcement, signature or report.  Severity of deviation from original estimates The severity of deviation from original estimates is defined according to set criteria. Timing    Status Condition     Ahead of time 95% of original estimate or below (measured in months)   On time 95% to 105% of original estimate   Minor changes 105% to 120% of original estimate   Medium changes 120% to 160% of original estimate   Major changes Over 160% of original estimate    Budget    Status Condition     Ahead of budget 95% of original budget estimate or below   To budget 95% to 105% of original budget estimate   Minor changes 105% to 120% of original budget estimate   Medium changes 120% to 140% of original budget estimate   Major changes Over 140% of original budget estimate    Changes in Scope Changes in scope beyond the start date are not accounted for. Language definitions Where guidance is non-specific as to dates for completion, the following is used. Project to be completed by 2018 = December 31, 2017 Project to be completed in 2018 = December 31, 2018                                    