


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Penn Distressed Fund, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:45 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Penn Distressed Fund, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview



The Navy Yard Corporate CenterThree Crescent DriveSuite 400Philadelphia, PA 19112United States



Phone: 215-302-1500

Fax: 215-468-1873








Key Executives for Penn Distressed Fund, LP


Penn Distressed Fund, LP does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Penn Distressed Fund, LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 













 


 

    PENN Distressed LP Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    PENN Distressed LP

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

           New
        



            Current Score:
        





            Current Rank:
        





            All-time Average Rank:
        

            619
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            221
        



            Max Drawdown:
        





            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        





            Year to Date Return:
        





           5-Star Rating:
        



 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




April / 2016

                1946
            
 -697
69
 25
1.24%
Unknown
-34.56
-33.75

                    $8,736,308
                


November / 2015

                1249
            
 -703
44
 -184
-8.41%
Unknown
-29.84
-20.64

                    $9,498,764
                


July / 2014

                546
            
 -29
228
 -9
-1.06%
Unknown
5.36
73.68

                    $19,822,581
                


May / 2014

                517
            
 -40
237
 -12
0.10%
Unknown
3.28
97.24

                    $20,524,647
                


March / 2014

                477
            
 27
249
 -9
-0.06%
Unknown
8.76
164.97

                    $21,218,945
                


December / 2013

                504
            
 -92
258
 -2
0.16%
Unknown
11.61
169.91

                    $19,751,186
                


July / 2013

                412
            
 -1
260
 16
0.44%
Unknown
16.14
83.60

                    $22,371,059
                


June / 2013

                411
            
 -129
244
 -37
-1.31%
Unknown
15.42
79.10

                    $24,172,902
                


May / 2013

                282
            
 67
281
 18
3.21%
Unknown
17.75
73.37

                    $32,796,520
                


April / 2013

                349
            
 58
263
 5
1.93%
Unknown
11.76
68.87

                    $31,751,403
                


March / 2013

                407
            
 -76
258
 -3
1.02%
Unknown
9.02
69.66

                    $31,242,863
                


February / 2013

                331
            
 0
261
New
0.31%
Unknown
13.46
67.68

                    $31,185,620
                





Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies

This hedge fund has not won any awards or trophies that we currently track. Are we missing something? 
 

Superlatives

 PENN Distressed LP's best month
        was May 2013,
        ranked #282 with a HedgeScore of 281
                    earning a 3.21% positive return of
            $1,052,768.
 PENN Distressed LP's worst month
            was November 2015
            , ranked #1249 with a HedgeScore of 44
                    taking a -8.41% loss of
        -$798,846.
 

Graphs
Assets Under Management

Monthly Return Percentage

Return on Investment




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 












PENN DISTRESSED FUND L P - Pooled Investment Fund- Green  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









PENN DISTRESSED FUND L P

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1200 Intrepid Avenue Suite 400 
    Philadelphia, PA, 19112Phone: 215-302-1500 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-27


Amended


$14,808,845


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-03-10


Amended


$14,808,845


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-03-16


Amended


$14,808,845


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-03-17


Amended


$14,808,845


$150,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2013-03-15


Amended


$14,658,845


$221,000


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2012-03-15


Amended


$14,437,845


$0


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2011-03-14


Amended


$38,752,845


$250,000


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2010-03-12


Amended


$14,187,845


$0


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Eric J. Green 
 Executive 


 Richard A. Hocker 
 Director, Executive 


 Marcia A. Hocker 
 Director, Executive 


 Kimberly A. Hocker 
 Director 


 Kirsten A. Hocker 
 Director, Executive 


 Kimberley A. Hocker 
 Director 


 Gerald Mc Bride 
 Executive 


 Peter Moran 
 Executive 


 Christian M. Noyes 
 Executive 


 Scott D. Schumacher 
 Executive 


 Scott D. Schumacher, Sr. 
 Executive 


 Jorge Paulo Silva 
 Executive 










Where can I find a list of distressed investing funds or managers? - QuoraThis page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page.Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Hide this message.QuoraSign In Distressed Assets Distressed Debt Distressed Investments Lists Hedge Funds Seeking Question FinanceWhere can I find a list of distressed investing funds or managers?I'm interested in distressed debt investing. I'm curious if there is a list of distressed focused hedge funds, private equity firms, or asset managers.[to the author, distressed debt and distressed PE are different. KPS is a distressed PE shop.]UpdateCancelPromoted by ToptalToptal: Hire M&A and FP&A consultants on-demand.Toptal hand-matches top companies with a network of former bankers, consultants, and CFOs.Start Now at toptal.com/financeAnswer Wiki1 AnswerAnonymousUpdated 132w agoSome of the AUM data and ranking data is dated, but as a pure list of credit hedge fund names, this isn't bad. Some are more involved in distressed credit than others. Below that is a list of funds by strategy w/ in each asset manager.By asset manager:By individual funds under each asset manager:Another supplementary list of distressed debt funds:1798 Global Partners AAC GP LLC  Abrams Capital Management LLC  Advantage Advisers Multi Manager LLC  Advent Capital ManagementAEGON USA Investment Management LLC  Ahab Capital Management LLC  Alcentra IncALJ Capital Management Anchorage Capital Partners LP / Anchorage Advisors LLC  Angelo, Gordon & Company  Apex Capital Management  Apollo Management  Appaloosa Management  Archview Investment Ares Management LLC  AristeiaArmory Advisors LLC  Arrow Investments Inc  Arrowgrass Atalaya Cap. Mgmt. Audax Credit Opportunities Audax Group LP  Aurelius Capital Management  Aurora Resurgence Mgmt. Partners Avenue Capital Group  Babson Capital Management LLC (David L. Babson & Co. Inc)  Basso Capital Management L.P  Baupost Group Bay Harbour Management Bayside Capital Beach Point Capital Management LP  Beltway Capital Bennett Asset Management Corp  Berens Capital Funds  Black Diamond Capital Management  Black River Asset Management LLC / CarVal Investors LLC (Cargill Inc)BlackEagle Partners Blackport Capital Fund Blackrock Blackstone Group  Blue Mountain Capital Management LP  Blue Ridge (Blue Water) Capital Management LLC  Blue River Asset Management  Blue Wolf Capital BlueBay Asset Management  BlueCrest Capital Management LP  Bond Street Capital Boone Capital Management  Brencourt Advisors Bridgehampton Capital Management LLC  Brigade Capital Management  Brookfield Asset Mgmt. Campbell GP  Camulos Capital  Candlewood Investment Group, LP  Canyon Capital Advisors LLC  Cape One Financial LLC  Cargill Value Invstmt Carl Marks & Co.  Carlyle Strategic Partners CarVal Investors Caspian Capital Catalyst Investment Mgmt. Catalyst Partners Caxton Associates  CDK Group  Centerbridge Capital Cerberus Capital Management L.P / Madeleine LLC / Ableco Finance LLC  Cetus / Littlejohn Chicago Fundamental Citadel Cohanzick Management LLC  Columbus Hill Commonwealth Advisors Inc  Concordia Advisors LLC  Contrarian Capital Management  Corsair Capital Management LLC  Covalent Capital PartnersCourage Investments Inc  CQS Creedon Capital Management (Creedon Kelly & Partners)  Cypress Mgmt Cyrus Capital Partners D.B.Zwirn & Co. L.P.  D.E.Shaw Group  Dalton Investments  Davidson Kempner Capital Management LLC (MHD Management Co. LLC)  DDJ Capital Mgmt Deephaven Captial Management LLC  Deerfield Capital Management LLC  Del Mar Asset Management Delaware Street Capital  Deltec Asset Management LLC  DKPR Wolf Point Mgm.t DKR Capital Inc  Drake Mgmt. Dreman Value Mgmt. Drucker Capital Dune Capital Mgmt. Durham Asset Management  DW Investment Management, LP (Brevan Howard)Eagle Rock Capital Eight Capital Management Ltd  EJF Health Care GP LLC  Elliott Advisors Endurance Asset Management LLC  EOS Partners Epic Asset Mgmt. ESL Investments Inc (Edward Lampert)  Eton Park Capital Management  Everest Capital LLC  Ewing Management Fairholme Falcon Point Capital  Farallon Capital Management LLC  Faxtor Securities BV  Fernwood Associates LTD  FH International Financial Services Inc  Fir Tree Partners FirstCity Crestone, LLC Forest Investment Management LLC  Forstmann Little & Co.  Fortress Investment Group LLC  Franklin Mutual Rec FrontFour Capital Group LLC  Fulcrum Capital Mgmt. Fundamental Capital Management LLC  Further Lane Securities  Gabriel Capital Corp  Gates Capital Management  Glenview Capital Management  GLG Partners, NA Global Credit Advisors Golden Capital GoldenTree Asset Mgmt. Goldman Spec Situations Gores Group Gracie Capital LLC  Gradient Partners Gramercy Advisors LLC  Gramercy Capital Gravity Partners LP  Greenhill Capital Partners  Greenlight Capital Greywolf Capital Management LP  Gruss Asset Management  GSC Capital (Greenwich Street Capital Partners)  GSO Capital Partners LP  Guggenheim Investment Management  H Partners H.I.G. H2 Capital Hain Capital Halbis Capital Management USA Inc  Halcyon Partners LP / Halcyon Asset Management LLC  Harbert Fund Advisors Harbert Management Corporation  Harbinger Capital Partners  Harbour Town Funding LLC  Harvest Management LLC  Havens Advisors LLC  Hayman HBK Investments LP  HBV Capital Management  Helios Capital Management  Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc.  HIG Brightpoint Cap. Highbridge Capital Management LLC  Highland Capital Management LP  Hudson Bay Capital Management  Huizenga Capital Mgmt. IBS Capital Corp  Icahn Capital Corp. Icahn Capital Corporation / Thornwood Associates LP (Controlled by Carl Icahn)Insight Investments LLC  Intermarket CorporationInvesco Ivory Investment Management  J.H. Whitney & Co.  Jana Partners LLC  JLL Partners JMB Capital JP Morgan Asset Management K Capital Partners  Karsch Global CreditKatonah Scott's Cove Cap. Mgmt. Kayne AndersonKD Distressed Capital Kellner DiLeo Cohen & Co., LLC  Kilimanjaro Advisors King Street Capital Management LLC  Kistefos AS  KKR FINANCIAL Holdings LLC / Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. LP  Knighthead Capital KPS Special Situations Fund KS Capital Partners  Lampe, Conway & Co. LLC  Latigo Partners LP  Laurel Ridge Asset Management LP / Laurel Ridge Partners  Leucadia Nat'l Corp. Levco Debt Opps Levine Liechtman Capital Partners  Lighthouse Investment Partners LLC  Linden AdvisorsLitespeed Management LLC / Litespeed Partners LP / Litespeed Capital LLC  Littlejohn & Co. Loeb Partners / Third Point Management  Lone Star Partners Longacre Fund Management LLC  Longroad Asset Management Luxor Capital Lydian Asset Management  Lyster Watson  Maglan Capital Magten Asset Management Corp  Marathon Asset Management LP  Marblegate Asset Management Mariner Investment Group LLC (Caspian Capital Partners)  Marlin Equity Partners Mason Capital Management  MatlinPatterson Global Advisors LLC / MatlinPatterson Capital Management LP  McDonnell Investments Mellon HBV MHR Fund Management LLC (Rachesky)  Mill Rock Investment AdvisorsMillennium Global Millennium Management  Millroad Partners Mittleman Brothers Partners  MJ Whitman Mgmt Co. Moab Capital Partners LLC  Monarch Alternative Cap. Monomoy Capital  Moore Capital Management  Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co. Inc  Moriah Capital Management LP  Mount Kellett Cap. Mgmt MSD Capital Mudrick Capital ManagementNew Generation Advisers  Newport Global Advisors Normandy Hill Capital North Run PartnersOak Hill Capital Partners / Oak Hill Investment Managemetn LP  Oaktree Capital Management (OCM)  Och Ziff Capital Management Group LLC / Och Ziff Friedheim / OZF Management LLC  Octavian Advisors Onex Corp. / Onex Capital Management LP  Onex Credit Partners ORE HILL PARTNERS LLC  Outrider Management  Owl Creek P. Schoenfeld Asset Management Pacholder Assoc., Inc. Pacific Altern. Ast Mgmt. Pacific Capital Advisors  Pacificor LLC  Paige Capital Panagaen Capital Management PAR Investment Partners  Parallax Capital Partners LLP  Pardus Capital Management LLC  Patriarch Partners LLC  PAULSON & CO INC  Pegasus Investment Partners LP  PENN Capital Management Company Inc  Pequot Capital Management LLC  PERELLA WEINBERG PARTNERS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  Perry Capital Pershing Square Capital Management LP  Phoenix Investment Adviser Pimco Pine Creek Pine River Capital ManagementPinewood Capital Partners  Plainfield Asset Management  Platinum Equity Capital Partners PMI Post / Beach Point Principal Global Investors Private Advisors LLC  Prophet Equity Providence Equity Pursuit Partners LLC  Quadrangle Group LLC (Quadrangle GP Investors LLC / Quadrangle Equity Investors Ltd / Quadrangle Equity Management LLC)  Quattro Global Capital LLC  Questor Management QVT Financial LP  R2 Investment (Amalgamated Gadget LP / Q Investment)  R3/Blackrock Radius Partners RAMIUS Capital Group (RCG)  Redwood Capital Relativity Fund Remedial Capital Resolution Partners Restoration Capital Management LLC  Resurgence Asset Management  Resurgence Corp. Fund RMBS Management LLCRoyal Capital Management SAC Capital Advisors LLC (Sigma Captial Management LLC)  Sabretooth CapitalSalisbury Capital  Sandell Asset Management Corp. Sandler Capital Management  Sankaty Advisors LLC  Satellite Asset Management LP  Saybrook Capital Schultze Asset Management LLC  Scoggin Capital Management LP  Scott's Cove Capital Management LLC  Seix Investment Advisors  Senator Investment Grop Seneca Capital Advisors / Seneca Capital Investments LP  Shenkman Capital Management Inc  Sierra Liquidity Fund  Signature Cap. Partners Silver Lake Financial Silver Point Capital  Simran Capital Management LLC  Smith Management / Alden Global CapitalSolus Alternative Mgmt. SOROS Fund Management  Soros NY Southpaw Asset Management  Spectrum Asset Management Spring Street Stairway Capital Advisors Standard General Mgmt. Stanfield Capital Management  Stark Investment LTD Partnership  Steel PartnersStone Harbor Inv. Ptnrs Stone Lion Stone Tower Stonehill Capital Management LLC  Stony Lane Partners Strategic Value Partners LLC  Summit Sun Capital Partners Inc  Sunrise Partners LLC  TA Mckay & Co. Taconic Capital Partners (Taconic Capital Advisors / Taconic Capital Management)  Tålamod Asset ManagementTCW Group Inc (TCW/Crescent Mezzanine LLC)  Tennenbaum Capital Partners LLC  TENOR CAPITAL MGMT COMPANY LP  The Broe Companies The Carlyle Group / Carlyle Investment Management LLC  The Occasio Fund LLC  Third Avenue Management LLC  Thomas H. Lee Partners  Tiburon Capital Mgmt. Tontine (Capital) Partners LP / Tontine Associates LLC  Toscafund Asset Management  TPG Capital LP (Texas Pacific Group)  TPG Credit Management Tradewinds Investment Management  Treadstone Group Triage Capital Management LP  TRICADIA CAPITAL LLC  Trilogy Capital Trust Co. of the West Tuckerbrook  Tudor Investment Corp. Turnberry Capital Management LP  Tyndall Partners Valinor Capital Partners, LPVan Kampe Varde Partners, Inc. Vector Capital Venor Capital Management LP  Ventura Capital Management LLC  Versa Capital Management Viking Global Visium VR Group  W.L. Ross & Co. Inc  W.R. Huff Asset Management Co. LLC  Warburg Pincus LLC  Washington Corner Capital Management  Water Tower Capital Watershed Asset Mgmt. Wayzata Investment Partners LLC  Wellington Management Co. LLP  Wellspring Capital Management LLC (Wellspring Capital Partners LP)  Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe (WCAS)  Wexford Capital LP  Whippoorwill Associates, Inc.  Whitebox Wilfrid Aubrey LLC  William E. Simon & Sons  Wingate Partners Wintergreen Woodside Management York Capital Management  Z Capital Partners LLC / Z Capital Management LLC Source: Updated List of Distressed Debt Hedge Funds15.3k Views · 23 UpvotesPromoted by MBA@SyracuseWant to skip the GMAT?Syracuse's online MBA is ranked #10 in the world. GMAT waivers available. Learn more today!Learn More at onlinebusiness.syr.eduView More AnswersRelated QuestionsWhere can I find a list of distressed firms?How do I get hired at a distressed asset hedge fund?How do we find out where fund managers are investing our funds?How do I pursue a job as a investment fund manager?How do I invest in a distressed debt hedge fund or PE firm?What are the best investing blogs maintained by current or former hedge fund associates/analysts/managers?What are the best managed funds to invest in?What is the ideal background for a distressed debt investor? Bankruptcy law? Investment banking?Is it possible to buy a hedge fund from an investment manager who wants to close it down?How do you start an investment fund?Do investment funds pay taxes on the management fees they receive? If so, what is the tax rate applied?How can we learn what kind of investments the top fund managers are doing?Can a non profit entity on and manage an investment fund?How do you invest like a mutual fund manager?Can I invest Keogh 401-K money in a hedge fund or separately managed account which behaves like a hedge fund (i.e. incentive and management fe...Related QuestionsWhere can I find a list of distressed firms?How do I get hired at a distressed asset hedge fund?How do we find out where fund managers are investing our funds?How do I pursue a job as a investment fund manager?How do I invest in a distressed debt hedge fund or PE firm?What are the best investing blogs maintained by current or former hedge fund associates/analysts/managers?What are the best managed funds to invest in?What is the ideal background for a distressed debt investor? Bankruptcy law? Investment banking?Is it possible to buy a hedge fund from an investment manager who wants to close it down?How do you start an investment fund?Sitemap:#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZAbout · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact

















Investment Team | Penn Capital














Skip to main content








Toggle navigation












 





Search form
Search







People Investment Team Business Development and Client Service Marketing and Product Management Operations Team




Login Limited Partnership InvestorsLogin Separately Managed Investors
Request More Information
 


 

Home
People
Investment Team
 
Investment Team



Penn Capital's research process involves a well defined meeting structure to develop consensus on all ideas. Each investment style is directed by a style portfolio manager who drives the decision making of their respective portfolios.
All members of the portfolio team (Portfolio Managers and Analysts) are responsible for maintenance research and idea generation within their areas of expertise. Research responsibilities are divided by Sector. Portfolio Managers' and Analysts' conduct a Complete Capital Structure Analysis® on the companies they follow, identify the best relative value within the capital structure (debt or equity), and bring their ideas to the team for consideration. The best of those ideas are reviewed by the style portfolio manager, who evaluates how to apply those that closely align with core business strategies.
Richard Hocker, Founder, Chief Investment Officer & Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Hocker founded Penn Capital in 1987 and serves as Chief Investment Officer & Chief Executive Officer, guiding overall portfolio strategy.  His investing and institutional non-investment grade corporate lending experience spans over forty years. While serving as a Partner for Delaware Investment Advisors (DIA) from 1977 to 1987, he was responsible for building the investment side of DIA’s fixed income operation.  During this period, Mr. Hocker developed and managed one of the nation’s first high yield mutual funds, the Delchester High Yield Bond Fund. He also served as the first high yield bond manager for a number of institutional clients including General Motors, State of Vermont Teachers Retirement Association, and Colorado Fire and Police.  Prior to DIA, Mr. Hocker trained as a corporate lender and supported key senior lenders at Provident National Bank, which is now PNC, a top 20 US Banking institution.  He later rose to serve as head of the investment division.  Mr. Hocker also founded and served as CEO of Covenant Bank, a NJ based regional bank which grew to 16 branches and $500mm in deposits before being acquired by Wachovia Corporation in 1997.
He and his wife, Marcia Hocker, are the founders of the Ethel Mae Hocker Foundation. The Ethel Mae Hocker Foundation provides educational opportunities to less fortunate, deserving Greater Philadelphia-area elementary and high school students. Mr. Hocker received both his BS in accounting and MBA in finance from the Kogod School of Business at American University.
Eric Green, CFA, Senior Managing Partner, Director of Research, Senior Portfolio Manager
Mr. Green began his career at Penn Capital in July 1997. Prior to joining Penn Capital, he gained experience with the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission where he served as a financial analyst in the Division of Investment Management. As Director of Research, Mr. Green is responsible for guiding the firm’s day to day research process. He also serves as the Portfolio Manager for Penn Capital’s Small Cap and Mid Cap equity strategies and chairs Penn Capital’s equity strategy committee. Mr. Green is also a member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of the ADL, Mid-Atlantic Region. He received a BSBA, Cum Laude, from American University and received an MBA from the Yale School of Management.
Scott Schumacher, Senior Managing Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
Mr. Schumacher began his career with Penn Capital in 1987. He is responsible for global oversight of all Equity and High Yield trading. Mr. Schumacher is a member of the firm’s Credit Strategy Committee and the firm’s Executive Committee which drives overall strategy and management of the firm. He received a BS in Accounting from Rutgers University.
J. Paulo Silva, CFA, Managing Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
Mr. Silva began his career with Penn Capital in 2002 as a research analyst focused on technology and industrial companies. In addition, Mr. Silva has focused on a number of distressed debt situations, successfully completing a reorganization through serving on the official committee of creditors. Today, he serves as the Portfolio Manager for Penn Capital’s Micro Cap equity strategy. As a member of the Equity Strategy Committee, Mr. Silva works closely with the equity portfolio management team to contribute ideas specifically in the micro to mid-capitalization range. He is also a member of the firm’s Executive Committee which drives overall strategy and management of the firm. Beyond Penn Capital, Mr. Silva serves on the Investment Committee of the Valley Forge Military Academy. He received a BS in Civil Engineering, Summa Cum Laude, from Tufts University and an MBA from the Yale School of Management.
Peter Duffy, CFA, Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
Mr. Duffy began his career with Penn Capital in 2006. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Duffy was a Director for Deutsche Asset Management’s top-decile $5 billion global high yield debt team, and his investment experience included both leveraged loans and emerging markets debt. Previously, he worked on mergers & acquisitions at GE Capital and as a management consultant at Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Duffy serves as the Portfolio Manager for Penn Capital’s Defensive High Yield and Short Duration strategies and chairs the firm’s Credit Strategy Committee. He received a BS in Finance, Summa Cum Laude, from Villanova University and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Martin Smith, Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
Mr. Smith began his career with Penn Capital in July 1999. He began his investment career in small cap equity research with Cantone Research, Inc., an independent equity research firm.  Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Smith served as a high yield analyst with Merrill Lynch Asset Management.  At Penn Capital, he serves as the Portfolio Manager for Penn Capitals Opportunistic High Yield Fixed Income strategy.  Mr. Smith received his BBA in Finance from Pace University and an MBA from Rutgers University.
Joseph Maguire, CFA, Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
Mr. Maguire began his career with Penn Capital in January 2005.  Prior to joining Penn Capital, he served as a senior audit associate for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and conducted private equity research for AMS Inc.  During graduate school, Mr. Maguire interned with Penn Capital’s investment team.  He currently serves as a Co-Portfolio Manager for Penn Capital’s Convertible strategy and is the Portfolio Manager for Penn Capital’s SMID equity strategy.  Mr. Maguire received a BBA in Accounting from The College of William & Mary and a MBA from the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
David Jackson, CFA, Partner, Portfolio Manager
Mr. Jackson began his career with Penn Capital in February 2008. Prior to joining Penn Capital Mr. Jackson was an Associate Director with the Financial Institutions Group at Fitch Ratings in New York City, where he assisted with rating coverage of the specialty finance sector.  Prior to Fitch, he worked for the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia on the bank supervision and regulation team. Mr. Jackson currently serves as a Portfolio Manager for Penn Capital’s Distressed strategy.  He received a BS in Finance from Rutgers University School of Business.
Steven Civera, CFA, Partner, Portfolio Manager
Mr. Civera began his career with Penn Capital in 2010. Most recently, he was a Research Analyst for AlphaOne Capital Partners where he covered Technology and Renewable Energy. Prior to AlphaOne, Mr. Civera worked for the Center for Financial Research and Analysis, a forensic accounting research firm. Previously, he worked as an Analyst for Global Capital Management. Mr. Civera currently serves as a Co-Portfolio Manager for the firm’s Convertible strategy. He received a BSBA in Accounting from Bucknell University, an MBA from Loyola College in Maryland.
Paul Welch, CFA, Partner, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Welch began his career with Penn Capital in 2007. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Welch served as a research analyst for Ariel Capital Management. Previously, he served as a private equity fund analyst at Hamilton Lane and as a consultant at Public Financial Management. Mr. Welch received a BS in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA from the Graduate School of Business at the University of Chicago.
Jason Detzi, Partner, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Detzi began his career at Penn Capital in 2006. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Detzi was an independent floor trader and managing partner of a proprietary trading firm, trading equity and index options on both the CBOE and American Stock Exchange. Previously, Mr. Detzi was a market maker for The Timber Hill Group LLC, a subsidiary of The Interactive Brokers Group, trading equity derivatives, index options, and futures. He received a BS in Finance from Rutgers University.
Christopher Paciello, CFA, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Paciello began his career with Penn Capital in 2012. He has over 13 years' experience working in the financial markets with a focus on high yield and distressed securities. Most recently, Mr. Paciello was a Research Analyst at Standish Asset Management focused on high yield and distressed securities within the cable media, telecommunications, paper and packaging, and healthcare sectors. Prior to Standish, Mr. Paciello worked for Gartmore Global Investments as a Research Analyst focused on high yield and distressed securities. Previously, he worked for W.R. Huff Asset Management, an asset manager specializing in high yield securities, as a trader and an analyst focused on high yield and equity securities. Mr. Paciello received a BS from Babson College and an MBA from Villanova University.
Howard Bryerman, CFA, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Bryerman began his career with Penn Capital in 2013. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Bryerman had 20 years’ experience as an investment professional specializing in high yield bonds, senior floating rate loans and distressed securities. Most recently he was a Managing Director at Penn Mutual Insurance where he managed the firm’s high yield bond investment portfolio. Prior to joining Penn Mutual Insurance, he was a Director and Senior Analyst for Wells Fargo Asset Management’s (Evergreen Investments) $3.5 billion high yield funds and for Deutsche Asset Management’s $5 billion global high yield funds. Previously, he was a Senior Analyst for Bank of New York Capital Markets and a Senior Manager in Grant Thornton’s Bankruptcy and Reorganization practice. Mr. Bryerman received a BS degree in Accounting from the University of Connecticut, a MBA in Finance from New York University’s Stern Graduate School of Business, and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.
Richard Simons, CFA, Partner, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Simons began his career with Penn Capital in 2013. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Simons served as a portfolio manager and analyst for Turner Investments focusing on the healthcare sector. Previously, Mr. Simons served as an analyst at Tryphon Capital Advisers covering healthcare. He received a BS in Biophysics from The State University of New York at Geneseo and a Masters of Biotechnology from the University of Pennsylvania.
Chad Bolen, CFA, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Bolen began his career with Penn Capital in 2013. He has nearly 18 years’ experience working in the financial markets with the past 12 years focused on equity research. Most recently, Mr. Bolen was a Senior Equity Research Associate at Raymond James Financial in St. Petersburg, FL covering the Consumer sector. Prior to Raymond James, Mr. Bolen worked for Morgan Stanley in Clearwater, FL as a Financial Advisor. He received a BA in Organizational Behavior and Management from Brown University and has been a CFA charter holder since 2009.
Suhail Chandy, CFA, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Chandy began his career with Penn Capital in 2013. Most recently, Mr. Chandy was a Vice President at Adelante Capital Management, where he was a member of the investment committee. Prior to Adelante, he served as the Senior Analyst covering Telecom Infrastructure at Wedbush Securities. Previously, he served in various capacities in equity research at Jefferies and at Cowen and Company. His industry experience includes roles in corporate finance, supply chain management, pricing, investment analysis, and software engineering in India, Japan, Singapore and the U.S. Mr. Chandy received a B. Tech from Sri Venkateswara University, a PGDM from IIM and an MBA from Yale University.
Randall Braunfeld, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Braunfeld began his career with Penn Capital in 2015. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Braunfeld was a portfolio manager of a High Yield BB rated Bond Portfolio for First Niagara Bank. Previously, he worked at Lehman Brothers within its high yield loan portfolio group from 2004 - 2011. After Lehman filed for bankruptcy, he remained at the firm to focus on maximizing recovery values of the loan portfolio. Mr. Braunfeld received a BA from the University of Pennsylvania and has a MA in International Economics and Finance from Brandeis International Business School.
Bradley D. Tesoriero, CFA, Senior Research Analyst
Mr. Tesoriero began his career with Penn Capital in 2015. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Mr. Tesoriero was a Research Associate at CRT Capital focusing on distressed debt, equity and high yield research for the Media and Telecommunications sectors. Previously he held positions at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Janney Montgomery Scott. Mr. Tesoriero received a BA from Cornell University, an MBA from The University of Richmond, Robins School of Business, and a JD, Cum Laude, from the University of Richmond, TC Williams School of Law.
Stacey Kerelska, Research Analyst
Ms. Kerelska began her career with Penn Capital in 2017. Her primary areas of sector coverage are Metals & Mining, Chemicals, Airlines, Shipping, and Building Materials. Prior to joining Penn Capital, Ms. Kerelska served as an Associate Director at UBS AG focusing on the Aerospace & Defense, Airlines & Aircraft Leasing. Prior to UBS AG, she was a Senior Research Associate at Macquarie Group focusing on Metals & Mining, and held positions at Enso Capital Management (NY), Investcorp International (NY) and Nobel Advisors Ltd. in her native Bulgaria. Ms. Kerelska received a BA Economics and a BS in Business Administration from the University of Maine and an MBA in Statistics and Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 
 










×
Leaving Penn Capital


This hyperlink is being provided as a convenience and for informational purposes only.  It leads to a website published or operated by a third party not affiliated with, or in any way related to, Penn Capital.  By providing a hyperlink to an external website or webpage, Penn Capital shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend, approve, guarantee or introduce any third parties or the services/products they provide on their websites, or to have any form of co-operation with such third parties and websites unless otherwise stated by Penn Capital.  Penn Capital is not in any way responsible for the content of any externally linked website or webpage. Using or following this link is at your own risk and Penn Capital is not responsible for any damages or losses incurred or suffered by you arising out of, or in connection with, your use of the link. The link is not intended to create an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or hold, any securities.


Close
Continue










