


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Limited Liability Company (LLC) - Start an LLC Online | LegalZoom





















Call us: (855) 403-8493



Form an LLC Online
start my business
Pricing starts at $149 + state filing fees


We've Helped Form Over 1 Million LLCs







You want flexibility in how your company is managed?
We can help you form your LLC efficiently and securely by:






Preparing the paperwork
Our questionnaire is designed by vetted attorneys so you aren’t left wondering how to complete complicated legal forms. Simply answer the questions and we’ll formalize the paperwork.





Filing with your state
No matter in which U.S. state you choose to form your LLC, we file your paperwork with the proper government agency, and guarantee it’ll be done right.





Setting you up for success
Once we hear back from the county or state government agency, we’ll let you know the status and ship your documents to you along with clear instructions on what you need to do next.







We’ve helped form over 1 million LLCs. Let’s get yours started.




Economy

$149+ state filing fees
start my business




Name availability check and business filing
Filing of LLC state documents
Personalized operating agreement
Personalized company binder w/official documents
Official company seal
Two-day delivery of final package
Discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN
30-day trial of business legal





Standard

$289+ state filing fees
start my business




Name availability check and business filing
Filing of LLC state documents
Personalized operating agreement
Personalized company binder w/official documents
Official company seal
Two-day delivery of final package
Discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN
30-day trial of business legal






Express Gold

$359+ state filing fees
start my business




Name availability check and business filing
Filing of LLC state documents
Personalized operating agreement
Personalized company binder w/official documents
Official company seal
Two-day delivery of final package
Discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN
30-day trial of business legal









“I really appreciate the help I am getting from LegalZoom. It makes thing easier for those of us that struggle with all of the legal and financial issues that comes with starting a small business.”
Ryan T., Lewisville, TX







Finding legal help can be a challenge.
We’ve cut out the hard part for you.






On your own
Expensive hourly rates
 Complicated legal forms
 Hoping you completed and filed the forms correctly


With LegalZoom
One flat fee
 1 simple questionnaire
 Knowing the forms were completed and filed correctly for you



Let’s get started.
start my business













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Portfolio Companies | Dunes Point Capital









































 
 
 
 
 




Portfolio Companies






Founded in 1978, Power Distribution, Inc. (“PDI”) designs, manufactures, and services mission critical power distribution, static switching, and power monitoring equipment for corporate data centers, industrial and commercial customers sold under the PDI and Onyx Power brands. PDI has operating facilities in Virginia and California and employs approximately 450 people. Dunes Point Capital, LLC acquired PDI in 2017. For more information, please visit www.pdicorp.com and www.onyxpower.com.   





Founded in 2016, Artisan Design Group, LLC (“Artisan”) is the parent company of two established residential flooring companies (Floors, LLC and Malibu Acceptance Corporation, LLC).  The two companies design and install retail flooring products to residential homebuilders. Artisan has its headquarters in Southlake, TX.   Dunes Point Capital, LLC acquired Artisan in 2016.




Founded in 1983, Floors, Inc., LLC (“Floors”) is a full service designer, installer and retailer of flooring products to homeowners and builders throughout Texas.  Floors operates six retail centers, four design centers and four builder operation centers throughout Texas.  FLI has its headquarters in Southlake, TX. For more information, please visit www.floorsinc.com.





Founded in 1995, Malibu Acceptance Corporation, LLC (“Malibu”) is a full service designer and installer of flooring products to residential multi-family homebuilders throughout the country. Malibu has its headquarters in Richardson, TX and operates in 13 states.








Founded in 1961, Harvey Building Products ("Harvey") manufactures high quality windows, doors, PVC millwork and porch enclosures. Harvey also distributes these products and other building products, including roofing, siding and decking. Harvey sells directly to contractors and other building industry professionals who renovate and build residential and light commercial structures. The company has its headquarters in Waltham, MA and operates two manufacturing facilities, 35 warehouse locations and 14 product showrooms throughout the Northeast. Dunes Point Capital, LLC acquired Harvey in 2015. For more information, please visit www.harveybp.com. 




Soft-Lite Windows ("Soft-Lite") is a vinyl replacement window manufacturer headquartered in Streetsboro, OH. Soft-Lite sells its products directly to its customers, specializing in large, private label window dealers. Harvey acquired Soft-Lite in 2016. For more information, please visit www.soft-lite.com.








Founded in 2014, Industrial Group Holdings, LLC (“IGH”) is a holding company that oversees seven groups of assets that Dunes Point Capital, LLC acquired in 2014.  These seven groups of assets include Ehrhardt Tool & Machine, LLC, Haysite Reinforced Plastics, LLC, John Wood Company, LLC, Miether Bearing Products, LLC, Miller Chemical & Fertilizer, LLC, Modern Equipment Company, LLC, and Synthane-Taylor (Canada) Ltd. In addition, IGH acquired Standard Locknut, LLC in 2015, Multisource Manufacturing LLC in 2016 and Coenen Mechanical, LLC in 2017.




Founded in 1997, Coenen Mechanical, LLC (“Coenen”) provides pressure vessels, processes piping systems, mechanical contracting, and field services for the pulp and paper, converting and packaging, water treatment, food, and general industry markets.  Coenen is headquartered in Appleton Wisconsin. IGH acquired Coenen in 2017. For more information, please visit www.coenenmechanical.com.





Founded in 1938, Ehrhardt Tool & Machine, LLC (“Ehrhardt”) designs and manufactures customized tools, dies, racking systems, automated equipment and specialty machined parts. Ehrhardt sells its products into the industrial, consumer white goods, and nuclear sectors. Ehrhardt has its headquarters in Granite City, IL. For more information, please visit www.ehrhardttool.com.





	Founded in 1954, Haysite Reinforced Plastics, LLC (“Haysite”) formulates and processes thermoset composite materials for high temperature insulation, corrosion resistance and lightweight structural support applications. Haysite sells its products into the power, transportation and industrial sectors, with customers in 30 different countries. Haysite has its headquarters in Erie, PA. For more information, please visit www.haysite.com.





Founded in 1867, John Wood Company, LLC (“John Wood”) designs and fabricates liquid and gas handling systems, including tanks and pressure vessels. John Wood sells its products into the industrial, petrochemical and agricultural markets. John Wood has its headquarters in Port Washington, WI. For more information, please visit www.johnwood.com.





Founded in 1934, Miether Bearing Products, LLC (“Miether”) manufactures large diameter specialty bearing housings, seals and accessories. Miether sells its products into the mining and industrial sectors. Miether has its headquarters in Westfield, IN. For more information, please visit www.miether.com.





Founded in 1937, Miller Chemical & Fertilizer, LLC (“Miller”) manufactures and distributes non-hazardous crop protection adjuvants and nutritional agrichemical products designed to improve plant and crop production quality and yield. Miller sells its products into the farming and agriculture industries, with customers in 90 different countries. Miller has its headquarters in Hanover, PA and also has operations in 8 other countries. For more information, please visit www.millerchemical.com.





Founded in 1919, Modern Equipment Company, LLC (“Modern”) manufactures aluminum melting furnaces, molten metal handling solutions, contract manufacturing services and inert gas generators. It sells its products into a wide variety of industrial and auto markets. Modern is located in Port Washington, WI. For more information, please visit www.moderneq.com.





Founded in 1998, Multisource Manufacturing LLC (“Multisource”) is a provider of precision machined components for the medical, industrial, aerospace, defense, food, and semiconductor markets. Multisource is headquartered in Minnetonka, MN with six additional manufacturing facilities in MN and one in CO. For more information, please visit www.multisourcemfg.com.





Founded in 1949, Standard Locknut, LLC (“Standard”) is a leading manufacturer of bearing accessories used in OEM and replacement applications, including locknuts, lock washers sleeves, and pillow blocks. Standard markets its products to a variety of end markets including bearing, heavy construction, paper, mining, oil field, energy, and automotive. Standard is located in Westfield, IN. For more information, please visit www.stdlocknut.com.





Founded in 1956, Synthane-Taylor (Canada) Ltd. (“S-T”) manufactures and fabricates electrical, mechanical and thermal insulation materials. S-T sells its products into the power and industrial sectors. S-T has operations in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada. For more information, please visit www.synthanetaylor.com.








Founded in 2003, Professional Plumbing Group, Inc. (“PPG”) is the parent company of two established plumbing supply brands (Wolverine Brass and PlumbMaster, Inc.). The two brands sell their products in the United States to professional plumbers, tradesmen and institutional markets. PPG has its headquarters in Conway, SC.  Dunes Point Capital, LLC acquired PPG in 2013. For more information, please visit www.ppg-inc.com.




Founded in 1896, Wolverine Brass manufactures branded, high quality plumbing products in the United States. Wolverine Brass sell its products directly to professional plumbers and tradesmen throughout the United States. Wolverine Brass has its main operations in Conway, SC. For more information, please visit www.wolverinebrass.com.





Founded under a predecessor name in 1931, PlumbMaster distributes an array of high quality plumbing fixtures and fittings. PlumbMaster sells its products into the institutional and repair plumbing markets throughout the United States. PlumbMaster has its main operations in Concordsville, PA. For more information, please visit www.plumbmaster.com.




 


 
 

 
 










Team | Dunes Point Capital









































 
 
 
 
 




Team



Investment Team

Tim WhiteJames BakerJordan BenyasEvan BrookerAdam CohnJack HaydenIstvan Nadas
Operating Partners
Paul CoxStuart JaraBill Rosenberg
Senior Advisors


The Senior Advisors listed are independent professionals who work with DPC and our portfolio companies to provide a unique domain and operating expertise, as well as access to relationships that enhance our ability to serve our portfolio companies. While not employees, members or otherwise affiliates of DPC, these professionals have a strong professional connection with DPC and, in certain instances, may work exclusively with DPC.                

Frank FeracoTim FerrarellDaniel JezerinacJohn MaySam ThomasGlen Varnadoe
Operations Team
Erik Minor



Tim White, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer

Mr. White founded Dunes Point Capital in 2013, and has 22 years of experience in the financial industry, with the last 18 years exclusively dedicated to private investing. He has originated or overseen the investment of over $4.3 billion in private investments.

Prior to founding Dunes Point Capital, Mr. White was a Senior Managing Director of GSO Capital Partners (“GSO”) and Blackstone, where he served as Head of GSO Private Equity Investing, Co‐Head of Mezzanine Investing, and Co-Portfolio Manager for GSO’s Capital Opportunities Fund I. Prior to GSO/Blackstone, Mr. White worked as a Managing Director in the Private Equity Group of Audax Group and as a Principal in DLJ Merchant Banking Partners. He also served as an Associate Counsel in the Office of the Independent Counsel in the United States Department of Justice and worked as an associate for the law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell.

Mr. White received a J.D. from Columbia University School of Law (Stone Scholar and Thomas E. Dewey Prize Winner), an M. Phil. from Cambridge University, and a B.A. from Brown University (Magna Cum Laude). Mr. White has served on over 30 corporate and charitable boards.James Baker, Managing Director

Mr. Baker joined Dunes Point Capital in 2016, and has 18 years of experience in the financial industry, with the last 16 years exclusively dedicated to private investing.

Prior to joining Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Baker was a principal in the private equity group of Investcorp.  Prior to Investcorp, Mr. Baker was an investment banking analyst in the leveraged finance group of Credit Suisse First Boston.  Mr. Baker has also served as an advisor to several independent private equity groups. 

Mr. Baker received a B.B.A. in Finance and Business Economics from the University of Notre Dame. 
Jordan Benyas, Principal
Mr. Benyas joined Dunes Point Capital in 2013.
Prior to joining Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Benyas was an investment banking analyst in the financial sponsors group with Lincoln International in New York. While at Lincoln, he helped execute 10 transactions in buy‐side, sell‐side, restructuring and debt financing advisory roles.
Mr. Benyas received a B.B.A. from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business, with a concentration in finance.Evan Brooker, Associate
Mr. Brooker joined Dunes Point Capital in 2017.
Prior to joining DPC, Mr. Brooker was an investment banking professional in the Technology, Media & Telecom and Latin America Financial Institutions groups at Credit Suisse. While at Credit Suisse, Mr. Brooker worked on a number of buyside, sellside, and financing transactions.
Mr. Brooker received a B.A. in International Studies with a Minor in Economics from Johns Hopkins University.
Mr. Brooker is currently employed full time and is compensated by Industrial Group Holdings, LLC, a Dunes Point Capital portfolio company.  Mr. Brooker will transition to DPC full time on January 1,2018.
Adam Cohn, Associate
Mr. Cohn joined Dunes Point Capital in 2016.
Prior to joining Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Cohn was an Associate at Oliver Wyman. While at Oliver Wyman, he worked on a number of strategic and operational consultant assignments in the industrials and transportation sectors.
Mr. Cohn received a B.S. in Materials Engineering from Brown University (Magna Cum Laude).
Jack Hayden, Associate
Mr. Hayden joined Dunes Point Capital in 2016.
Prior to joining Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Hayden was an investment banking analyst in the Transportation and Leveraged Finance groups at Morgan Stanley. While at Morgan Stanley, Mr. Hayden helped execute a number of buyside, sellside, and restructuring transactions.
Mr. Hayden received a B.S.B.A. from the University of Richmond Robins School of Business, with a concentration in finance and economics.
Istvan Nadas, Vice President
Mr. Nadas joined Industrial Group Holdings, LLC, a portfolio company of Dunes Point Capital, in 2015. In 2017, Mr. Nadas transitioned full time to DPC.
Prior to Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Nadas was a Senior Associate at Post Capital Partners and an Associate at The Riverside Company. Mr. Nadas has also worked as an investment banking professional at Stifel Nicolaus and Paragon Capital where he helped execute a number of buyside, sellside, and restructuring transactions.
Mr. Nadas received a B.S. in Economics from Duke University and a Masters in Finance at Case Western Reserve University - Weatherhead School of Management.
Paul R. Cox, Operating Partner
Mr. Cox joined Dunes Point Capital in 2013, and has 32 years of experience as a senior operating executive in global manufacturing companies serving the industrial and energy sectors.
Prior to joining Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Cox served as President of John Crane, the largest division of Smiths Group, with revenue of $1.5 billion. Mr. Cox also held other senior leadership positions within Smiths Group, including Group Managing Director of Specialty Engineering and President of Smiths Interconnect. Prior to joining Smiths Group, Mr. Cox held senior leadership and operating positions at Andrew Corporation, EMS Technologies Defense & Space, and Texas Instruments.
Mr. Cox received a M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Southern Methodist University and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Auburn University. Mr. Cox holds a patent (#053029585) and formerly served on the Board of Directors for the National Association of Manufacturers.Stuart Jara, Operating Partner
Mr. Jara joined Industrial Group Holdings, LLC, a portfolio company of Dunes Point Capital, in 2014 and has over 20 years of experience as a senior finance and operating executive in the industrial, specialty chemicals and alternative energy sectors.
Mr. Jara's previous experience includes finance and senior management positions in large publicly traded companies, mid-market private equity portfolio companies, and start-ups, including Taylor Wharton (President of the Cryogenics and Cylinder business), Linde (VP/GM Americas) and BOC (Business Unit Head Latin America, and Global VP Finance and Strategy).
Mr. Jara received his M.B.A. in finance and strategy from The University of Michigan Stephen M. Ross School of Business. Mr. Jara received dual degrees from Lehigh University, a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering and a B.A. in International Relations.
Mr. Jara currently serves as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Industrial Group Holdings, LLC. Mr. Jara is employed full time and compensated by Industrial Group Holdings, LLC.Bill Rosenberg, Operating Partner
Mr. Rosenberg joined Dunes Point Capital in 2014, and has over 30 years of experience as a senior operating executive in global manufacturing companies serving the industrial and energy sectors.
Mr. Rosenberg’s previous experience includes senior leadership positions at Emerson Electric Company (VP Planning & Development) and Diebold, Inc. (VP Corporate Development & Strategy). Mr. Rosenberg was also the CEO and CFO of two private equity-owned manufacturing and service companies. During his career, Mr. Rosenberg has led or been involved in 50 acquisitions in the industrial sector.
Mr. Rosenberg received an M.B.A. in Finance from UCLA and a B.S. in Engineering Management from the U.S. Air Force Academy.Frank Feraco, Senior Advisor

Mr. Feraco has over 35 years of experience as a senior operating executive in global manufacturing companies serving both the industrial and construction sectors.

Mr. Feraco’s previous experience includes senior leadership positions at several Fortune 200 companies, including Pentair Corporation (President and COO of Global Power Tool unit), Textron Corporation (President of Global Industrial Products unit), Kohler, Inc. (Executive VP and Sector Executive of  International Plumbing unit), and Emerson Electric Company (several senior positions including Senior VP of Skil Power Tool).

Mr. Feraco received a B.A. in Physics and Geology (Cum Laude) from the University of Rhode Island.  Mr. Feraco serves as an adviser to the Board of Directors of Professional Plumbing Group, Inc., a Dunes Point Capital Portfolio company.Tim Ferrarell, Senior Advisor

Mr. Ferrarell is a former senior executive with W.W. Grainger, Inc. (“Grainger”).  

Mr. Ferrarell spent 30 years with Grainger and held several senior leadership positions, including SVP and Chief Information Officer, VP Business Planning, VP Marketing, and VP Product Management. 

Mr. Ferrarell received his B.A. and his M.B.A. from Lewis University.  Mr. Ferrarell serves on the Board of Directors of Professional Plumbing Group, Inc. and Harvey Holdings, LLC, both Dunes Point Capital portfolio companies. He is also on the Board of Trustees of Lewis University.
Daniel Jezerinac, Senior Advisor

Mr. Jezerinac has over 35 years of experience in the industrial and energy markets, including over 25 years as a senior operating executive overseeing global manufacturing and service organizations.

Mr. Jezerinac’s previous experience includes senior leadership positions at Dresser Inc. (“Dresser”), including Dresser Infrastructure Solutions (President), Dresser Natural Gas Solutions (President), Dresser Flow Services (President) and Roots Blowers and Compressors (President).  Prior to Dresser, Mr. Jezerinac held various senior positions at Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. (Vice President of Business Development) and Sperry-Sun Drilling Services, Inc. (Vice President of Sales and Marketing).
John May, Senior Advisor

Mr. May has over 20 years managing middle market industrial companies in a variety of sectors. 

Mr. May’s previous experience includes senior leadership positions with Heat Transfer Products Group (CEO), Shapes Aluminum & Delair Group (CEO), and Kidron (President).

Mr. May received a B.A. from East Carolina University (Honors). Mr. May serves on the Board of Directors of Ehrhardt Tool & Machine, LLC, a Dunes Point Capital portfolio company, and several charitable organizations.  He is also an active member in the Chicago Chapter of Young Presidents’ Organization.
Sam Thomas, Senior Advisor
Mr. Thomas has over 40 years of experience in the industrial process equipment industry. 

Mr. Thomas is currently Executive Chairman of Chart Industries and previously Chief Executive Officer for 14 years and Chairman of the Board of Directors for seven years. Prior to Chart Industries, Mr. Thomas was an Executive Vice President of Global Consumables at ESAB Holdings Ltd. and was responsible for ESAB North America. 
Mr. Thomas serves on the Board of Directors of John Wood Modern, a Dunes Point Capital portfolio company.
Glen Varnadoe, Senior Advisor

Mr. Varnadoe has over 40 years of experience as a senior operating executive in the specialty chemicals and fertilizer industry.

Mr. Varnadoe's previous experience includes 27 years in senior positions at Arr-Maz Products, where he retired as President and CEO.  Prior to joining Arr-Maz Products, Mr. Varnadoe held manufacturing and supervisory positions with CF Industries and International Minerals and Chemicals Corporation.  During his career, Mr. Varnadoe has been involved in multiple acquisitions and divestures in the specialty chemicals sector, including the sale of Arr-Maz Products five times to five different private equity firms over 15 years.

Mr. Varnadoe serves on the Board of Directors of Miller Chemical & Fertilizer, LLC, a Dunes Point Capital portfolio company.Erik Minor, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer

Mr. Minor joined Dunes Point Capital in 2014, and has over 20 years of experience in the financial industry.

Prior to joining Dunes Point Capital, Mr. Minor spent the last seven years as the CFO of StoneCastle Partners, LLC where he, in addition to CFO responsibilities, co-founded a $5.0 billion asset management company. Prior to StoneCastle, Mr. Minor worked at Deutsche Bank, where he served as Head of Risk Controlling Production for the Americas. Prior to these positions, Mr. Minor spent ten years in controller-related roles at Lehman Brothers and Morgan Stanley.

Mr. Minor received a B.S. in Accounting from Seton Hall University (Cum Laude), as well as an M.B.A. in Finance and Information Systems from New York University (Cum Laude). Mr. Minor also sits on a charitable board.



 


 

 
 











News | Dunes Point Capital | Building Great Companies Through Vision and Long Term Commitment





































 
 
 
 
 





News







 

May 23, 2017
RYE, N.Y., May 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Industrial Group Holdings, LLC, a portfolio company of Dunes Point Capital, LLC has acquired Coenen Mechanical, LLC (“Coenen”).  Located in Appleton, WI, Coenen provides pressure vessels, metal fabrication, specialty piping, and field services.  For more information, please visit www.coenenmechanical.com.

About Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”): Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial sector. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit  www.dunespointcapital.com.

About Industrial Group Holdings, LLC (“IGH”): Located in Rye, NY, IGH is a holding company that oversees and manages six industrial operating units.

SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved

 
January 27, 2017
RYE, N.Y., Jan. 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Dunes Point Capital, LLC has acquired Power Distribution, Inc. (“PDI”) from Smiths Group plc.  Located in Richmond, VA, PDI designs, manufactures, and services mission critical power distribution, static switching, and power monitoring equipment for corporate data centers, industrial and commercial customers sold under the PDI and Onyx Power brands.  PDI has operating facilities in Virginia and California and employs approximately 450 people.  For more information, please visit www.pdicorp.com and www.onyxpower.com.

DPC Investment Partners, LLC provided the controlling equity for the transaction.  The debt for the transaction, together with an equity co-investment, was provided by certain funds advised by FS Investments and sub-advised by GSO Capital Partners LP; and Bank of America Business Capital.

Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal advisor to DPC, and Alvarez & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group served as financial advisor to DPC.  Harris Williams & Co. served as financial advisor to Smiths Group plc.

About DPC:  Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial sector. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit www.dunespointcapital.com.

About Power Distribution, Inc. (“PDI”):  Founded in 1978, PDI designs, manufactures, and services mission critical power distribution, static switching, and power monitoring equipment for corporate data centers, industrial and commercial customers sold under the PDI and Onyx Power brands.  PDI has operating facilities in Virginia and California and employs approximately 450 people.  For more information, please visit www.pdicorp.com and www.onyxpower.com.

SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved

 
December 23, 2016
RYE, N.Y., December 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”) has acquired the assets of Floors, Inc. (“Floors”) and Malibu Acceptance Corporation (“Malibu”), which will be combined to create a diversified flooring platform. 

Located in Southlake, TX, Floors is a full service designer, installer and retailer of flooring products to home builders and homeowners throughout Texas.  Floors was founded in 1983 and operates six retail centers, four design centers and four builder operation centers throughout Texas.  For more information, please visit www.floorsinc.com.

Located in Richardson, TX, Malibu is a full service designer and installer of flooring products to multifamily builders throughout the country.  Founded in 1995, Malibu operates in 13 states. 

DPC Investment Partners, LLC provided the equity for the transaction.  The debt for the transaction was provided by Cerberus Business Finance, LLC.

Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal advisor to DPC, and Alvarez & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group served as financial advisor to DPC.  MAB Corporate Advisors served as financial advisor to Floors and Malibu. 

About DPC: Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial sector. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit www.dunespointcapital.com.

SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved

 
December 21, 2016
RYE, N.Y., December 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — 
Harvey Building Products (“Harvey”), a portfolio company of Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”), has acquired Soft-Lite Windows (“Soft-Lite”), a manufacturer of vinyl replacement windows.  Soft-Lite is headquartered in Streetsboro, OH and distributes its products throughout much of the United States.  DPC previously acquired Harvey in 2015.  Harvey is a leading manufacturer and distributor of high quality building products, with a deep presence in the Northeast.

About DPC:  Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial sector. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit www.dunespointcapital.com.

About Soft-Lite:  Soft-Lite is a vinyl replacement window manufacturer headquartered in Streetsboro, OH.  Soft-Lite sells its products directly to its customers, specializing in large, private label window dealers.  For more information, please visit www.soft-lite.com.

About Harvey:  Founded in 1961, Harvey is a leading manufacturer of high quality building products. Headquartered in Waltham, MA, Harvey sells directly to contractors, builders, general contractors and other building industry professionals. In addition to manufacturing vinyl windows and doors, they also distribute siding, roofing, decking and trim. The company has approximately 1,500 employees and operates two manufacturing facilities, 35 distribution centers and 14 product showrooms that are open to the public. For more information, please visit www.harveybp.com.

SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved

 
May 16, 2016
RYE, N.Y., May 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Industrial Group Holdings, LLC, a portfolio company of Dunes Point Capital, LLC has acquired MultiSource Manufacturing LLC (“MultiSource”).  Located in Minnetonka, MN, MultiSource is a supply chain partner and end-to-end provider of precision machining and assembly solutions to leading original equipment manufacturers in the medical, aerospace, food and industrial end markets.  MultiSource has eight manufacturing facilities in Minnesota and Colorado and employs approximately 330 people.   For more information, please visit www.multisourcemfg.com.  

Houlihan Lokey advised MultiSource through the sale.

About Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”): Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial and energy sectors. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit  www.dunespointcapital.com.

About Industrial Group Holdings, LLC (“IGH”):  Located in Rye, NY, IGH is a holding company that oversees and manages nine industrial companies.


SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved

 
November 2, 2015
RYE, N.Y., Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Industrial Group Holdings, LLC, a portfolio company of Dunes Point Capital, LLC has acquired Standard Locknut, LLC (“Standard”).  Standard is a leading manufacturer of bearing accessories used in OEM and replacement applications, including locknuts, lock washers, sleeves, and pillow blocks.  

About Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”): Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial and energy sectors. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit  www.dunespointcapital.com.

About Standard Locknut, LLC (“Standard”):  Founded in 1949, Standard is a leading manufacturer of bearing accessories that serves a variety of end markets including bearing, heavy construction, paper, mining, oil field, energy, and automotive. Standard is located in Westfield, IN.  For more information, please visit www.stdlocknut.com.


SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2015 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
 

October 5, 2015
RYE, N.Y., Oct. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”) announced today that it has acquired Harvey Building Products (“Harvey”).  Harvey is a leading manufacturer and distributor of high quality building products.  Harvey manufactures windows and doors under the Harvey brand name and also distributes siding, roofing and other building products.  Headquartered in Waltham, MA, Harvey enjoys a dominant footprint in the Northeast.

DPC Investment Partners, LLC provided the controlling equity for the transaction. The debt for the transaction was provided by entities managed by affiliates of Franklin Square Capital Partners and sub-advised by an affiliate of GSO Capital Partners LP, Blackstone’s credit platform; Ladder Capital Finance LLC; and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal advisor to DPC; Alvarez & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group served as financial advisor to DPC; and Friedman Integrated Real Estate Solutions served as real estate advisor to DPC.  Nutter McClennen & Fish served as legal advisor to Harvey, and Harris Williams & Co. served as financial advisor to Harvey.

About Harvey Building Products (“Harvey”):  Founded in 1961, Harvey is a leading manufacturer and distributor of high quality building products that sells directly to contractors and builders.  The company has approximately 1,500 employees and operates two manufacturing facilities, 33 warehouse locations and 14 product showrooms that are open to the public.  For more information, please visit www.harveybp.com

About Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”): Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial and energy sectors. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit www.dunespointcapital.com

SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2015 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
June 2, 2014
RYE, N.Y., June 2, 2014 /PRNewswire/ — Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”) announced today that it has acquired the assets or stock of a group of industrial and chemical businesses owned by Alco Industries Inc. (“Alco”).

DPC Investment Partners, LLC provided the equity for the transaction. The debt for the transaction was provided by an entity sub-advised by an affiliate of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), Blackstone’s credit business, and PNC Bank.*

Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal advisor to DPC, and Alvarez & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group served as financial advisor to DPC. Pepper Hamilton LLP served as legal advisor to Alco, and Houlihan Lokey served as financial advisor to Alco.

About Dunes Point Capital, LLC (“DPC”): Founded in 2013, DPC is a family office and private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial and energy sectors. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $500 million. For more information, please visit www.dunespointcapital.com

*The group of entities sub-advised by GSO are advised by affiliates of Franklin Square Capital Partners.

SOURCE Dunes Point Capital, LLC

Copyright © 2014 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
August 1, 2013
CONWAY, S.C., Aug. 1, 2013 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ — The Professional Plumbing Group Inc. (“PPG”) announced today that it has been acquired by Dunes Point Capital. PPG is the parent company of two legendary brands operating in the plumbing supply industry: Wolverine Brass and PlumbMaster. PPG was previously owned by affiliates of Bradford Equities (“Bradford”) and management.

Wolverine Brass, which was founded in 1896, manufactures branded, high-quality plumbing products in the United States and sells them directly to professional plumbers and tradesmen throughout the United States. PlumbMaster, founded under a predecessor name in 1932, distributes an array of high quality plumbing fixtures and fittings to the institutional and repair plumbing markets throughout the United States.

The debt for the transaction was provided by an entity sub-advised by an affiliate of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), Blackstone’s credit business, and PNC Bank.* Dunes Point Capital is the controlling equity shareholder. Other equity participants include an entity sub-advised by GSO and the PPG management team.

Lloyd Coppedge, Chief Executive Officer of PPG, stated: “We are very excited about the acquisition. Dunes Point Capital brought a unique perspective, with a long-term and committed vision to grow the Company. We are eager to start our new journey with DPC.”

Richard Rudolph, Managing Director of Bradford, stated: “We thoroughly enjoyed working with such a dedicated and talented management group and we appreciate their efforts. They have a great new partner in DPC and we wish them nothing but the best in their future endeavors.”

Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal advisor to Dunes Point Capital. Dechert LLP served as legal advisor to PPG and Bradford. Lincoln International represented the sellers, and Isleworth Capital served as a consultant to PPG.

About Professional Plumbing Group (“PPG”): PPG is the parent company of Wolverine Brass, Inc. and PlumbMaster, Inc. PPG has its headquarters in Conway, S.C., with additional operations in Concordville, Pa., and Oceanside, Calif. PPG employs approximately 310 people. For more information, please visit www.ppg-inc.com.

About Dunes Point Capital (“DPC”): Founded in 2013, Dunes Point Capital is a private investment firm, pursuing control investments in companies operating in the general industrial and energy sectors. DPC targets companies with enterprise values of up to $300 million. For more information, please visit www.dunespointcapital.com

*The entity sub-advised by GSO Capital Partners is FS Investment Corp II, and it is advised by FB Income Advisors, LLC.
SOURCE Kirkland & Ellis LLP

Copyright © 2013 PR Newswire. All rights reserved  
 
 

 
 

 
 







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 












Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC in Philadelphia PA - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Pennsylvania



                
                >
                

Philadelphia







 Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC
                        

Active

                                
                                    Philadelphia,
                                    PA
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC Overview
  Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC filed as a Foreign Limited Liability Company (LLC) in the State of Texas on Friday, February 17, 2012 and is approximately five years old, according to public records filed with Texas Secretary of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC








Name







                            Ian Robertson
                                
                                    12
                                





                                        President
                                    

                                        Director
                                    







                            Greg Sorenson
                                
                                    4
                                





                                        Director
                                    







                            David Bronicheski
                                
                                    6
                                





                                        Chief Financial Officer
                                    















 Excel
                    
Companies for Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC




                                
                                    Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC has another company listed as an officer. It is not uncommon for one company to hold a position in another company.
                                
                        





Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Gamesa Energy USA, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2005
                        
                




                                Governing Person
                            



















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC










1801 Market St
Philadelphia, PA 19103










Corporate Filings for Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC








Texas Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Limited Liability Company (LLC)                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    Texas
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    801553453
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Friday, February 17, 2012
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        National Registered Agents, Inc.
                                    









Advertisements










Source







Texas Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, July 26, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                1801 Market St  Philadelphia, PA 19103

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Wind Portfolio Holdings, LLC however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                TX

2012
Foreign Limited Liability Company (LLC)
                            





                Source
            





                        Texas Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,712 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,132 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,440 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,712 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,305 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,777 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,851 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,573 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,525 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,440 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,350 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,222 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,132 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,634 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Pennsylvania Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Pennsylvania Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















McAdam Financial Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael McAdams










Ravana, LLC

                                                
                                                    Warrendale, PA
                                                
                                        










Wectec Staffing Services LLC

                                                
                                                    Cranberry Township, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kathryn J. Jackson
Michael T. Sweeney
Gene C. Bertsch










Smg Group Payroll LLC

                                                
                                                    Allentown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph V. Topper










Telcove of Nashville, L.P.

                                                
                                                    Coudersport, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Telcove of Tennessee, Inc.










Genesis Administrative Services LLC

                                                
                                                    Kennett Square, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert A. Reitz
Michael S. Sherman
Genesis Holdings LLC










Element Transportation Asset Trust

                                                
                                                    Horsham, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Element Financial Corp.
Wilmington Trust, National Association
Wilmington Trust, N.A. As Trustee










Central Penn Capital Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Lancaster, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kenneth L. Herr
Lane G. Randolph










Cardone Industries, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Cardone
Terry R. McCormack
Bill Cathaine










Bella Trucking Corp

                                                
                                                    Bensalem, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sandra R. Affatato
Sandra Dinardo










Hit Portfolio I Owner, LLC

                                                
                                                    Jenkintown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
American Realty Capital Hospitality Operat
Hit Portfolio I Mezz, Lp
American Realty Capital Hospitalit Part










Union Pipeline, Inc.

                                                
                                                    New Stanton, PA
                                                
                                        










Arc CAFEUSA001, LLC

                                                
                                                    Jenkintown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
American Realty Capital Operating Partnership IV, L.P.
Vereit Operating Partnership, L.P.
Cole Reit Advisors III, LLC










Infinity Infusion Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sharon Hill, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Evt Ventures, LLC
Kathryn Ivy
Tamra Townsend










Versalus Health, LLC

                                                
                                                    Newtown Square, PA
                                                
                                        










Hcsg Staff Leasing Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Bensalem, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John C. Shea
Healthcare Services Group, Inc.










Restaurant Payserve of America, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Starr
Bruce Koch










Settlement Express of PA, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Washington, PA
                                                
                                        










Tasking Out, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Coopersburg, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stacey S. Lundy










Pursuit Healthcare Advisors, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Washington, PA
                                                
                                        










Konatel Inc.

                                                
                                                    Johnstown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David S. McEwen










People 2.0 North America LLC

                                                
                                                    West Chester, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles B. Miller
People 2.0 Global, LLC
David Van Soest










Inspire Closing Services LLC

                                                
                                                    Moon Township, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Joseph










Digitoil LLC

                                                
                                                    Venetia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph Sites










S1 Spine LLC

                                                
                                                    Newtown Square, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Morris
Seth Anderson










Redworth Capital Group

                                                
                                                    Trevose, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Angllia Adzic










Konki Inc

                                                
                                                    Malvern, PA
                                                
                                        










Alloy Rods Corporation

                                                
                                                    Hanover, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
R. B. Egan
P. G. Plotica










Schiller Grounds Care, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Southampton, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeffrey E. Perelman
Pat Cappucci
Pat Capucci










Petrochoice Holdings, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bristol, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shane O'Kelly










Poet Land Transfer LLC

                                                
                                                    Newtown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John M. Seckel










Judco Management, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Butler, PA
                                                
                                        










Cosan, LLC

                                                
                                                    Bensalem, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sandra R. Affatato
Sandra Dinardo










Heartland Communities, LLC

                                                
                                                    Doylestown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stuart D. Mills
Joan Mills










Main Line Aviation LLC

                                                
                                                    Haverford, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Martin










Publicis Healthcare Solutions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Yardley, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Claudia Wernick










Bama Titling Limited

                                                
                                                    Montoursville, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bama Commercial Leasing, LLC
Wilmington Trust, National Association
Joel Breneman










Custom Nuclear Fabrication, LLC

                                                
                                                    Canonsburg, PA
                                                
                                        










Lemmon Pharmacal Company

                                                
                                                    Sellersville, PA
                                                
                                        










Orograin Bakeries Products, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Horsham, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gary J. Prince










Teralytics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Wexford, PA
                                                
                                        










Woodstream Corporation

                                                
                                                    Lititz, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul M. Quillan
Peter W. Klein
Harry E. Whaley










Frontline Technologies Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Exton, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Blackstone
Todd Orlando
Frontline Technologies Group Holding LLC










New Penn Financial, LLC

                                                
                                                    Plymouth Meeting, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Simon
Saul Sanders
Bruce J. Williams










Tokyo Ginza Spa Inc

                                                
                                                    Wilkes Barre, PA
                                                
                                        










Pham Enterprises LLC

                                                
                                                    Lancaster, PA
                                                
                                        










Audia Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Washington, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Andy
William G. Stough










Usi Solutions, Inc

                                                
                                                    Levittown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mary T. Weil
Larry Weil
Belinda Weedon










Rice Energy Inc.

                                                
                                                    Canonsburg, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert F. Vagt
Toby Rice
Daniel J. Rice










Directtips, LLC

                                                
                                                    Douglassville, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Tashjian
Terry McKim



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Realtorlux LLC.
22 days ago


Carlisle




Remy Capillus LLC
22 days ago


Newtown




Mastech Infotrellis, Inc.
22 days ago


Moon Township




Neely Rentals, LLC
22 days ago


Washington




Tier One LLC
23 days ago


Pittsburgh




Hamr Industries LLC
23 days ago


State College




Echo Real Estate Services Company, Limited Liabilty Company
24 days ago


Pittsburgh




Desproycon-USA LLC
24 days ago


Campbelltown




Musser Wireless of Florida, Inc.
24 days ago


Irwin




Kraft New Services LLC
24 days ago


Pittsburgh




Capture The Magic Vacations, LLC
24 days ago


Bellefonte




Amerisourcebergen Specialty Group, LLC
24 days ago


Conshohocken




Value Specialty Pharmacy, LLC
24 days ago


Duncansville




Hhlp Sunnyvale Tps Manager, LLC
24 days ago


Harrisburg




Hhlp Sanctuary Manager, LLC
24 days ago


Harrisburg




Hhlp La Westside Manager, LLC
24 days ago


Harrisburg




Fpca Associates LLC
24 days ago


Philadelphia




Trident Prime, Inc.
24 days ago


Monongahela




Procensis Inc
24 days ago


Doylestown




Rst Etc, LLC
27 days ago


Wynnewood




Locums Noctis LLC
28 days ago


Pittsburgh




Keystone Home Watch Services, LLC
29 days ago


Stroudsburg




Ernest Gordon LLC
29 days ago


Flourtown




Fort Lauderdale Children's Surgery Center LLC
30 days ago


Glen Rock




Summit Services Fl, Inc.
30 days ago


Collegeville




Tiny House Siesta, LLC
30 days ago


Line Lexington




Morrison Engineering LLC
30 days ago


Philadelphia




G & Z Roofing, Inc.
30 days ago


Renfrew




Vista Gardens Apartments LLC
31 days ago


Haverford




Emergent Business Group, Inc.
31 days ago


Horsham




Kravitz Operations, LLC
31 days ago


Dresher




Sheer Mag, LLC
31 days ago


Philadelphia




FISH4DOGS US, LLC
31 days ago


Berwick




New Territories Inc.
31 days ago


Mount Pocono




Onex, Inc Which Will DO Business In California As Onex Refractory and Combustion
31 days ago


Erie




Merion Champions Walk Gp, LLC
1 month ago


Wynnewood




The Concrete Charitable Foundation, Inc.
1 month ago


Philadelphia




Merion Champions Walk, L.P.
1 month ago


Wynnewood




Bb&T Commercial Equipment Capital Corp.
1 month ago


Malvern




Vic-Armen Realty II LLC
1 month ago


Buck Hill Falls




Aramark Personnel Services, LLC
1 month ago


Philadelphia




Wysam South, LLC
1 month ago


Duncansville




Vehiclemetrix, LLC
1 month ago


Lititz




Rolling Hills Investors, LLC
1 month ago


Doylestown




Dat Solutions, LLC
1 month ago


Harrisburg




Iris Holding, LLC
1 month ago


Ottsville




Jsb 30A, LLC
1 month ago


Moon Township




Kci Sunset LLC
1 month ago


Plymouth Meeting




Asca Design, LLC
1 month ago


Leetsdale




23640 Potter Road, LLC
1 month ago


Bala Cynwyd









Top cities in Pennsylvania





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Philadelphia
                


                142,526
            



                2
            


                    Pittsburgh
                


                84,955
            



                3
            


                    Harrisburg
                


                19,983
            



                4
            


                    Lancaster
                


                18,183
            



                5
            


                    Allentown
                


                17,454
            



                6
            


                    Reading
                


                17,210
            



                7
            


                    York
                


                16,846
            



                8
            


                    Erie
                


                14,962
            



                9
            


                    West Chester
                


                14,297
            



                10
            


                    Bethlehem
                


                12,097
            



                11
            


                    Scranton
                


                9,115
            



                12
            


                    Norristown
                


                8,629
            



                13
            


                    Bensalem
                


                8,538
            



                14
            


                    Wayne
                


                8,289
            



                15
            


                    Doylestown
                


                8,233
            



                16
            


                    State College
                


                8,117
            



                17
            


                    Mechanicsburg
                


                7,877
            



                18
            


                    Easton
                


                7,810
            



                19
            


                    King of Prussia
                


                7,761
            



                20
            


                    Wilkes Barre
                


                7,311
            



                21
            


                    Greensburg
                


                7,239
            



                22
            


                    Media
                


                6,728
            



                23
            


                    Malvern
                


                6,272
            



                24
            


                    Pottstown
                


                6,171
            



                25
            


                    Johnstown
                


                5,879
            



                26
            


                    Lansdale
                


                5,815
            



                27
            


                    Butler
                


                5,771
            



                28
            


                    Langhorne
                


                5,759
            



                29
            


                    Newtown
                


                5,719
            



                30
            


                    Huntingdon Valley
                


                5,633
            



                31
            


                    Chambersburg
                


                5,630
            



                32
            


                    Canonsburg
                


                5,461
            



                33
            


                    Washington
                


                5,421
            



                34
            


                    Conshohocken
                


                5,381
            



                35
            


                    Williamsport
                


                5,371
            



                36
            


                    Levittown
                


                5,318
            



                37
            


                    Jenkintown
                


                5,290
            



                38
            


                    Bala Cynwyd
                


                5,242
            



                39
            


                    Southampton
                


                5,223
            



                40
            


                    Carlisle
                


                5,202
            



                41
            


                    Altoona
                


                5,144
            



                42
            


                    Downingtown
                


                5,078
            



                43
            


                    Lebanon
                


                5,040
            



                44
            


                    Warminster
                


                5,026
            



                45
            


                    Exton
                


                5,005
            



                46
            


                    Camp Hill
                


                4,975
            



                47
            


                    Blue Bell
                


                4,848
            



                48
            


                    New Castle
                


                4,775
            



                49
            


                    Ambler
                


                4,717
            



                50
            


                    Morrisville
                


                4,712
            



                51
            


                    Feasterville Trevose
                


                4,687
            



                52
            


                    Hanover
                


                4,450
            



                53
            


                    Phoenixville
                


                4,442
            



                54
            


                    Irwin
                


                4,436
            



                55
            


                    Monroeville
                


                4,415
            



                56
            


                    Coraopolis
                


                4,285
            



                57
            


                    Bryn Mawr
                


                4,178
            



                58
            


                    Glenside
                


                3,993
            



                59
            


                    Quakertown
                


                3,984
            



                60
            


                    Lititz
                


                3,961
            



                61
            


                    Havertown
                


                3,958
            



                62
            


                    Coatesville
                


                3,914
            



                63
            


                    Plymouth Meeting
                


                3,914
            



                64
            


                    Wexford
                


                3,894
            



                65
            


                    Stroudsburg
                


                3,850
            



                66
            


                    Collegeville
                


                3,845
            



                67
            


                    Upper Darby
                


                3,822
            



                68
            


                    Horsham
                


                3,811
            



                69
            


                    Newtown Square
                


                3,742
            



                70
            


                    Cranberry Township
                


                3,639
            



                71
            


                    East Stroudsburg
                


                3,591
            



                72
            


                    Uniontown
                


                3,475
            



                73
            


                    New Kensington
                


                3,472
            



                74
            


                    Hazleton
                


                3,419
            



                75
            


                    North Wales
                


                3,361
            



                76
            


                    Kingston
                


                3,350
            



                77
            


                    Bethel Park
                


                3,339
            



                78
            


                    Kennett Square
                


                3,232
            



                79
            


                    Willow Grove
                


                3,186
            



                80
            


                    Gettysburg
                


                3,159
            



                81
            


                    Sewickley
                


                3,136
            



                82
            


                    Indiana
                


                3,108
            



                83
            


                    Ephrata
                


                3,073
            



                84
            


                    Springfield
                


                3,057
            



                85
            


                    Berwyn
                


                3,056
            



                86
            


                    Yardley
                


                2,988
            



                87
            


                    Broomall
                


                2,975
            



                88
            


                    Bristol
                


                2,964
            



                89
            


                    McKeesport
                


                2,926
            



                90
            


                    Meadville
                


                2,917
            



                91
            


                    Pittston
                


                2,877
            



                92
            


                    Elkins Park
                


                2,847
            



                93
            


                    Gibsonia
                


                2,801
            



                94
            


                    New Hope
                


                2,787
            



                95
            


                    Latrobe
                


                2,768
            



                96
            


                    Bridgeville
                


                2,723
            



                97
            


                    Drexel Hill
                


                2,710
            



                98
            


                    Whitehall
                


                2,679
            



                99
            


                    Fort Washington
                


                2,667
            



                100
            


                    Allison Park
                


                2,666
            



                101
            


                    Ardmore
                


                2,651
            



                102
            


                    Wynnewood
                


                2,611
            



                103
            


                    Bloomsburg
                


                2,592
            



                104
            


                    Warrington
                


                2,591
            



                105
            


                    Chalfont
                


                2,548
            



                106
            


                    Hatboro
                


                2,487
            



                107
            


                    Lansdowne
                


                2,463
            



                108
            


                    Carnegie
                


                2,448
            



                109
            


                    Aliquippa
                


                2,438
            



                110
            


                    Perkasie
                


                2,425
            



                111
            


                    Waynesboro
                


                2,421
            



                112
            


                    Elizabethtown
                


                2,367
            



                113
            


                    Harleysville
                


                2,364
            



                114
            


                    Royersford
                


                2,364
            



                115
            


                    Chester
                


                2,324
            



                116
            


                    Murrysville
                


                2,307
            



                117
            


                    Glen Mills
                


                2,306
            



                118
            


                    Pottsville
                


                2,287
            



                119
            


                    Clarks Summit
                


                2,274
            



                120
            


                    Manheim
                


                2,252
            



                121
            


                    Paoli
                


                2,238
            



                122
            


                    Chadds Ford
                


                2,211
            



                123
            


                    Nazareth
                


                2,198
            



                124
            


                    Hummelstown
                


                2,179
            



                125
            


                    Beaver Falls
                


                2,160
            



                126
            


                    Bellefonte
                


                2,156
            



                127
            


                    Abington
                


                2,133
            



                128
            


                    McKees Rocks
                


                2,111
            



                129
            


                    Somerset
                


                2,104
            



                130
            


                    Aston
                


                2,088
            



                131
            


                    Hershey
                


                2,082
            



                132
            


                    Emmaus
                


                2,051
            



                133
            


                    Hatfield
                


                2,047
            



                134
            


                    Hermitage
                


                2,047
            



                135
            


                    Du Bois
                


                2,014
            



                136
            


                    Lewisburg
                


                1,952
            



                137
            


                    Chester Springs
                


                1,904
            



                138
            


                    Middletown
                


                1,865
            



                139
            


                    Honesdale
                


                1,853
            



                140
            


                    New Holland
                


                1,852
            



                141
            


                    Richboro
                


                1,851
            



                142
            


                    Shippensburg
                


                1,827
            



                143
            


                    Warren
                


                1,816
            



                144
            


                    Greencastle
                


                1,798
            



                145
            


                    West Mifflin
                


                1,780
            



                146
            


                    Jeannette
                


                1,777
            



                147
            


                    Kittanning
                


                1,776
            



                148
            


                    Macungie
                


                1,776
            



                149
            


                    Milford
                


                1,762
            



                150
            


                    Red Lion
                


                1,747
            



                151
            


                    Souderton
                


                1,714
            



                152
            


                    Belle Vernon
                


                1,710
            



                153
            


                    Narberth
                


                1,703
            



                154
            


                    New Cumberland
                


                1,665
            



                155
            


                    Fairless Hills
                


                1,659
            



                156
            


                    Dover
                


                1,658
            



                157
            


                    Lehighton
                


                1,629
            



                158
            


                    Palmyra
                


                1,622
            



                159
            


                    Connellsville
                


                1,604
            



                160
            


                    Dillsburg
                


                1,601
            



                161
            


                    Lafayette Hill
                


                1,593
            



                162
            


                    Lewistown
                


                1,575
            



                163
            


                    Bradford
                


                1,571
            



                164
            


                    Mount Joy
                


                1,568
            



                165
            


                    Danville
                


                1,553
            



                166
            


                    Bangor
                


                1,552
            



                167
            


                    Homestead
                


                1,551
            



                168
            


                    Oxford
                


                1,544
            



                169
            


                    Beaver
                


                1,543
            



                170
            


                    Bedford
                


                1,542
            



                171
            


                    Telford
                


                1,533
            



                172
            


                    Lemoyne
                


                1,531
            



                173
            


                    Mars
                


                1,508
            



                174
            


                    Berwick
                


                1,507
            



                175
            


                    Boyertown
                


                1,501
            



                176
            


                    Mountain Top
                


                1,490
            



                177
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                1,489
            



                178
            


                    Verona
                


                1,482
            



                179
            


                    Coopersburg
                


                1,472
            



                180
            


                    Montoursville
                


                1,460
            



                181
            


                    Franklin
                


                1,443
            



                182
            


                    Dallas
                


                1,436
            



                183
            


                    Hollidaysburg
                


                1,434
            



                184
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,420
            



                185
            


                    Waynesburg
                


                1,405
            



                186
            


                    Douglassville
                


                1,399
            



                187
            


                    Clearfield
                


                1,392
            



                188
            


                    Villanova
                


                1,386
            



                189
            


                    Saint Marys
                


                1,381
            



                190
            


                    Grove City
                


                1,373
            



                191
            


                    Clifton Heights
                


                1,369
            



                192
            


                    Northampton
                


                1,362
            



                193
            


                    Glenshaw
                


                1,355
            



                194
            


                    Darby
                


                1,351
            



                195
            


                    Haverford
                


                1,333
            



                196
            


                    Lock Haven
                


                1,328
            



                197
            


                    Clairton
                


                1,324
            



                198
            


                    Selinsgrove
                


                1,321
            



                199
            


                    Sunbury
                


                1,319
            



                200
            


                    Ellwood City
                


                1,315
            



                201
            


                    Fleetwood
                


                1,313
            



                202
            


                    Schwenksville
                


                1,310
            



                203
            


                    Sellersville
                


                1,306
            



                204
            


                    Huntingdon
                


                1,296
            



                205
            


                    West Grove
                


                1,294
            



                206
            


                    Columbia
                


                1,287
            



                207
            


                    Punxsutawney
                


                1,287
            



                208
            


                    Denver
                


                1,283
            



                209
            


                    Muncy
                


                1,272
            



                210
            


                    Birdsboro
                


                1,270
            



                211
            


                    Devon
                


                1,268
            



                212
            


                    Sharon
                


                1,257
            



                213
            


                    Tunkhannock
                


                1,257
            



                214
            


                    Myerstown
                


                1,241
            



                215
            


                    Jamison
                


                1,238
            



                216
            


                    Hawley
                


                1,223
            



                217
            


                    Kutztown
                


                1,207
            



                218
            


                    Dresher
                


                1,206
            



                219
            


                    Enola
                


                1,206
            



                220
            


                    Export
                


                1,199
            



                221
            


                    Marcus Hook
                


                1,197
            



                222
            


                    Monaca
                


                1,196
            



                223
            


                    Apollo
                


                1,191
            



                224
            


                    Slippery Rock
                


                1,177
            



                225
            


                    McDonald
                


                1,174
            



                226
            


                    Gilbertsville
                


                1,166
            



                227
            


                    Duncansville
                


                1,163
            



                228
            


                    Brookhaven
                


                1,160
            



                229
            


                    Wellsboro
                


                1,160
            



                230
            


                    Radnor
                


                1,138
            



                231
            


                    North East
                


                1,130
            



                232
            


                    Ligonier
                


                1,124
            



                233
            


                    Hellertown
                


                1,121
            



                234
            


                    Oil City
                


                1,121
            



                235
            


                    Wallingford
                


                1,119
            



                236
            


                    Monongahela
                


                1,118
            



                237
            


                    Leola
                


                1,116
            



                238
            


                    Bath
                


                1,112
            



                239
            


                    Charleroi
                


                1,109
            



                240
            


                    Ebensburg
                


                1,106
            



                241
            


                    Clarion
                


                1,103
            



                242
            


                    North Versailles
                


                1,102
            



                243
            


                    Carbondale
                


                1,101
            



                244
            


                    Oakdale
                


                1,091
            



                245
            


                    Natrona Heights
                


                1,087
            



                246
            


                    Ambridge
                


                1,074
            



                247
            


                    Schuylkill Haven
                


                1,068
            



                248
            


                    Mohnton
                


                1,048
            



                249
            


                    Tarentum
                


                1,041
            



                250
            


                    Honey Brook
                


                1,039
            



                251
            


                    Quarryville
                


                1,038
            



                252
            


                    Lake Ariel
                


                1,035
            



                253
            


                    Spring City
                


                1,013
            



                254
            


                    Wyncote
                


                1,010
            



                255
            


                    Jersey Shore
                


                1,007
            



                256
            


                    Tamaqua
                


                1,005
            



                257
            


                    Venetia
                


                1,003
            



                258
            


                    Swarthmore
                


                1,002
            



                259
            


                    Mercer
                


                1,001
            



                260
            


                    Elizabeth
                


                998
            



                261
            


                    Titusville
                


                992
            



                262
            


                    Olyphant
                


                991
            



                263
            


                    Hamburg
                


                989
            



                264
            


                    Zelienople
                


                980
            



                265
            


                    Merion Station
                


                979
            



                266
            


                    Glenmoore
                


                977
            



                267
            


                    Center Valley
                


                976
            



                268
            


                    Landenberg
                


                973
            



                269
            


                    Brookville
                


                970
            



                270
            


                    Fairview
                


                966
            



                271
            


                    Oakmont
                


                957
            



                272
            


                    Valencia
                


                956
            



                273
            


                    Pipersville
                


                954
            



                274
            


                    New Oxford
                


                944
            



                275
            


                    Gladwyne
                


                940
            



                276
            


                    Spring Grove
                


                940
            



                277
            


                    Edinboro
                


                939
            



                278
            


                    Newville
                


                935
            



                279
            


                    Tobyhanna
                


                934
            



                280
            


                    Annville
                


                928
            



                281
            


                    New Brighton
                


                928
            



                282
            


                    Tyrone
                


                924
            



                283
            


                    Sharon Hill
                


                921
            



                284
            


                    Croydon
                


                919
            



                285
            


                    Mifflinburg
                


                914
            



                286
            


                    Cheswick
                


                911
            



                287
            


                    Sarver
                


                911
            



                288
            


                    South Park
                


                911
            



                289
            


                    Towanda
                


                907
            



                290
            


                    Nanticoke
                


                904
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                897
            



                292
            


                    Cheltenham
                


                891
            



                293
            


                    Corry
                


                890
            



                294
            


                    Moosic
                


                885
            



                295
            


                    Littlestown
                


                884
            



                296
            


                    Glenolden
                


                878
            



                297
            


                    Leechburg
                


                878
            



                298
            


                    Sayre
                


                874
            



                299
            


                    Wyomissing
                


                873
            



                300
            


                    Milton
                


                869
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Philadelphia, PA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Pennsylvania








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















McAdam Financial Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael McAdams










Cardone Industries, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Cardone
Terry R. McCormack
Bill Cathaine










Restaurant Payserve of America, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Starr
Bruce Koch










Kicks, U.S.A. Inc.

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Victor Maldonah










Finite Developers, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        










Westmoreland Equity Fund, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        










Healing Nature, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Adrian J. Moody










Archstone Insights LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Solomon










Gopuff LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        










Rre Yorba Linda Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        










Fpca Associates LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph A. Wellenbusher










Civic Awareness Inc

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Elmer Nardini










Bunting Glider Company

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        










Cullman's Lapidary

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve Cullmann
Stephen Edmondson










W E Ryan Co Inc

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Larry C. Campanale
Frank J. Campanale
Robert Olseski




















                    Recently found companies in Philadelphia
                





Company
Found




Fpca Associates LLC


                24 days ago
            



Morrison Engineering LLC


                30 days ago
            



Sheer Mag, LLC


                31 days ago
            



The Concrete Charitable Foundation, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Aramark Personnel Services, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Inlt Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Pruftechnik Service, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Jefferson University Physicians, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Axalta Coating Systems U.S.A., LLC


                1 month ago
            



Axalta Coating Systems U.S.A., LLC


                1 month ago
            



Axalta Coating Systems U.S.A., LLC


                1 month ago
            



Ballena Technologies, LLC


                2 months ago
            



299 N Federal Operations, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Asian American Talent Management LLC


                2 months ago
            



Jefferson Physician Services of California, P.C.


                2 months ago
            



Beltway Consultants, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Hvtx Associates LLC


                2 months ago
            



Ccshp San Marcos II, L.P.


                2 months ago
            



Ccshp San Marcos I’, L.P.


                2 months ago
            



Rre Providence Holdings, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Quantum Builders LLC


                2 months ago
            



Urban Sports Ventures LLC


                2 months ago
            



Camelot US Acquisition LLC


                2 months ago
            



Discovery Logic, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Camelot U.S. Acquisition 3 Co


                2 months ago
            



Camelot U.S. Acquisition 2 Co


                2 months ago
            



Camelot U.S. Acquisition I’ Co


                2 months ago
            



Grtx Associates LLC


                2 months ago
            



J & J Studios LLC


                2 months ago
            



Frank Recruitment Group Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Ccshp College Station Gp, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Ccshp College Station, L.P.


                2 months ago
            



Tptx Associates LLC


                2 months ago
            



Suralaksa Property Solutions, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Hhlp Ambrose Manager, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Hhlp Sunny Manager, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Hickory Drive, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Bioscript Science, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Business Expansion Services Group LLC


                2 months ago
            



Chaikin Analytics, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Healing Nature, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Fsk Holdings, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Ahmad Aydin & A'Mani, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Olympus 1708 LLC


                2 months ago
            



Pinnacle Peak Ventures LLC


                2 months ago
            



Life Changers Church Inc, Florida


                2 months ago
            



Rethink Direct Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Wing Station LLC


                2 months ago
            



Pfm Solutions Fl LLC


                4 months ago
            



Bluestone Insurance Agency LLC


                4 months ago
            








Top cities in Pennsylvania





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Philadelphia
                


                142,526
            



                2
            


                    Pittsburgh
                


                84,955
            



                3
            


                    Harrisburg
                


                19,983
            



                4
            


                    Lancaster
                


                18,183
            



                5
            


                    Allentown
                


                17,454
            



                6
            


                    Reading
                


                17,210
            



                7
            


                    York
                


                16,846
            



                8
            


                    Erie
                


                14,962
            



                9
            


                    West Chester
                


                14,297
            



                10
            


                    Bethlehem
                


                12,097
            



                11
            


                    Scranton
                


                9,115
            



                12
            


                    Norristown
                


                8,629
            



                13
            


                    Bensalem
                


                8,538
            



                14
            


                    Wayne
                


                8,289
            



                15
            


                    Doylestown
                


                8,233
            



                16
            


                    State College
                


                8,117
            



                17
            


                    Mechanicsburg
                


                7,877
            



                18
            


                    Easton
                


                7,810
            



                19
            


                    King of Prussia
                


                7,761
            



                20
            


                    Wilkes Barre
                


                7,311
            



                21
            


                    Greensburg
                


                7,239
            



                22
            


                    Media
                


                6,728
            



                23
            


                    Malvern
                


                6,272
            



                24
            


                    Pottstown
                


                6,171
            



                25
            


                    Johnstown
                


                5,879
            



                26
            


                    Lansdale
                


                5,815
            



                27
            


                    Butler
                


                5,771
            



                28
            


                    Langhorne
                


                5,759
            



                29
            


                    Newtown
                


                5,719
            



                30
            


                    Huntingdon Valley
                


                5,633
            



                31
            


                    Chambersburg
                


                5,630
            



                32
            


                    Canonsburg
                


                5,461
            



                33
            


                    Washington
                


                5,421
            



                34
            


                    Conshohocken
                


                5,381
            



                35
            


                    Williamsport
                


                5,371
            



                36
            


                    Levittown
                


                5,318
            



                37
            


                    Jenkintown
                


                5,290
            



                38
            


                    Bala Cynwyd
                


                5,242
            



                39
            


                    Southampton
                


                5,223
            



                40
            


                    Carlisle
                


                5,202
            



                41
            


                    Altoona
                


                5,144
            



                42
            


                    Downingtown
                


                5,078
            



                43
            


                    Lebanon
                


                5,040
            



                44
            


                    Warminster
                


                5,026
            



                45
            


                    Exton
                


                5,005
            



                46
            


                    Camp Hill
                


                4,975
            



                47
            


                    Blue Bell
                


                4,848
            



                48
            


                    New Castle
                


                4,775
            



                49
            


                    Ambler
                


                4,717
            



                50
            


                    Morrisville
                


                4,712
            



                51
            


                    Feasterville Trevose
                


                4,687
            



                52
            


                    Hanover
                


                4,450
            



                53
            


                    Phoenixville
                


                4,442
            



                54
            


                    Irwin
                


                4,436
            



                55
            


                    Monroeville
                


                4,415
            



                56
            


                    Coraopolis
                


                4,285
            



                57
            


                    Bryn Mawr
                


                4,178
            



                58
            


                    Glenside
                


                3,993
            



                59
            


                    Quakertown
                


                3,984
            



                60
            


                    Lititz
                


                3,961
            



                61
            


                    Havertown
                


                3,958
            



                62
            


                    Coatesville
                


                3,914
            



                63
            


                    Plymouth Meeting
                


                3,914
            



                64
            


                    Wexford
                


                3,894
            



                65
            


                    Stroudsburg
                


                3,850
            



                66
            


                    Collegeville
                


                3,845
            



                67
            


                    Upper Darby
                


                3,822
            



                68
            


                    Horsham
                


                3,811
            



                69
            


                    Newtown Square
                


                3,742
            



                70
            


                    Cranberry Township
                


                3,639
            



                71
            


                    East Stroudsburg
                


                3,591
            



                72
            


                    Uniontown
                


                3,475
            



                73
            


                    New Kensington
                


                3,472
            



                74
            


                    Hazleton
                


                3,419
            



                75
            


                    North Wales
                


                3,361
            



                76
            


                    Kingston
                


                3,350
            



                77
            


                    Bethel Park
                


                3,339
            



                78
            


                    Kennett Square
                


                3,232
            



                79
            


                    Willow Grove
                


                3,186
            



                80
            


                    Gettysburg
                


                3,159
            



                81
            


                    Sewickley
                


                3,136
            



                82
            


                    Indiana
                


                3,108
            



                83
            


                    Ephrata
                


                3,073
            



                84
            


                    Springfield
                


                3,057
            



                85
            


                    Berwyn
                


                3,056
            



                86
            


                    Yardley
                


                2,988
            



                87
            


                    Broomall
                


                2,975
            



                88
            


                    Bristol
                


                2,964
            



                89
            


                    McKeesport
                


                2,926
            



                90
            


                    Meadville
                


                2,917
            



                91
            


                    Pittston
                


                2,877
            



                92
            


                    Elkins Park
                


                2,847
            



                93
            


                    Gibsonia
                


                2,801
            



                94
            


                    New Hope
                


                2,787
            



                95
            


                    Latrobe
                


                2,768
            



                96
            


                    Bridgeville
                


                2,723
            



                97
            


                    Drexel Hill
                


                2,710
            



                98
            


                    Whitehall
                


                2,679
            



                99
            


                    Fort Washington
                


                2,667
            



                100
            


                    Allison Park
                


                2,666
            



                101
            


                    Ardmore
                


                2,651
            



                102
            


                    Wynnewood
                


                2,611
            



                103
            


                    Bloomsburg
                


                2,592
            



                104
            


                    Warrington
                


                2,591
            



                105
            


                    Chalfont
                


                2,548
            



                106
            


                    Hatboro
                


                2,487
            



                107
            


                    Lansdowne
                


                2,463
            



                108
            


                    Carnegie
                


                2,448
            



                109
            


                    Aliquippa
                


                2,438
            



                110
            


                    Perkasie
                


                2,425
            



                111
            


                    Waynesboro
                


                2,421
            



                112
            


                    Elizabethtown
                


                2,367
            



                113
            


                    Harleysville
                


                2,364
            



                114
            


                    Royersford
                


                2,364
            



                115
            


                    Chester
                


                2,324
            



                116
            


                    Murrysville
                


                2,307
            



                117
            


                    Glen Mills
                


                2,306
            



                118
            


                    Pottsville
                


                2,287
            



                119
            


                    Clarks Summit
                


                2,274
            



                120
            


                    Manheim
                


                2,252
            



                121
            


                    Paoli
                


                2,238
            



                122
            


                    Chadds Ford
                


                2,211
            



                123
            


                    Nazareth
                


                2,198
            



                124
            


                    Hummelstown
                


                2,179
            



                125
            


                    Beaver Falls
                


                2,160
            



                126
            


                    Bellefonte
                


                2,156
            



                127
            


                    Abington
                


                2,133
            



                128
            


                    McKees Rocks
                


                2,111
            



                129
            


                    Somerset
                


                2,104
            



                130
            


                    Aston
                


                2,088
            



                131
            


                    Hershey
                


                2,082
            



                132
            


                    Emmaus
                


                2,051
            



                133
            


                    Hatfield
                


                2,047
            



                134
            


                    Hermitage
                


                2,047
            



                135
            


                    Du Bois
                


                2,014
            



                136
            


                    Lewisburg
                


                1,952
            



                137
            


                    Chester Springs
                


                1,904
            



                138
            


                    Middletown
                


                1,865
            



                139
            


                    Honesdale
                


                1,853
            



                140
            


                    New Holland
                


                1,852
            



                141
            


                    Richboro
                


                1,851
            



                142
            


                    Shippensburg
                


                1,827
            



                143
            


                    Warren
                


                1,816
            



                144
            


                    Greencastle
                


                1,798
            



                145
            


                    West Mifflin
                


                1,780
            



                146
            


                    Jeannette
                


                1,777
            



                147
            


                    Kittanning
                


                1,776
            



                148
            


                    Macungie
                


                1,776
            



                149
            


                    Milford
                


                1,762
            



                150
            


                    Red Lion
                


                1,747
            



                151
            


                    Souderton
                


                1,714
            



                152
            


                    Belle Vernon
                


                1,710
            



                153
            


                    Narberth
                


                1,703
            



                154
            


                    New Cumberland
                


                1,665
            



                155
            


                    Fairless Hills
                


                1,659
            



                156
            


                    Dover
                


                1,658
            



                157
            


                    Lehighton
                


                1,629
            



                158
            


                    Palmyra
                


                1,622
            



                159
            


                    Connellsville
                


                1,604
            



                160
            


                    Dillsburg
                


                1,601
            



                161
            


                    Lafayette Hill
                


                1,593
            



                162
            


                    Lewistown
                


                1,575
            



                163
            


                    Bradford
                


                1,571
            



                164
            


                    Mount Joy
                


                1,568
            



                165
            


                    Danville
                


                1,553
            



                166
            


                    Bangor
                


                1,552
            



                167
            


                    Homestead
                


                1,551
            



                168
            


                    Oxford
                


                1,544
            



                169
            


                    Beaver
                


                1,543
            



                170
            


                    Bedford
                


                1,542
            



                171
            


                    Telford
                


                1,533
            



                172
            


                    Lemoyne
                


                1,531
            



                173
            


                    Mars
                


                1,508
            



                174
            


                    Berwick
                


                1,507
            



                175
            


                    Boyertown
                


                1,501
            



                176
            


                    Mountain Top
                


                1,490
            



                177
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                1,489
            



                178
            


                    Verona
                


                1,482
            



                179
            


                    Coopersburg
                


                1,472
            



                180
            


                    Montoursville
                


                1,460
            



                181
            


                    Franklin
                


                1,443
            



                182
            


                    Dallas
                


                1,436
            



                183
            


                    Hollidaysburg
                


                1,434
            



                184
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,420
            



                185
            


                    Waynesburg
                


                1,405
            



                186
            


                    Douglassville
                


                1,399
            



                187
            


                    Clearfield
                


                1,392
            



                188
            


                    Villanova
                


                1,386
            



                189
            


                    Saint Marys
                


                1,381
            



                190
            


                    Grove City
                


                1,373
            



                191
            


                    Clifton Heights
                


                1,369
            



                192
            


                    Northampton
                


                1,362
            



                193
            


                    Glenshaw
                


                1,355
            



                194
            


                    Darby
                


                1,351
            



                195
            


                    Haverford
                


                1,333
            



                196
            


                    Lock Haven
                


                1,328
            



                197
            


                    Clairton
                


                1,324
            



                198
            


                    Selinsgrove
                


                1,321
            



                199
            


                    Sunbury
                


                1,319
            



                200
            


                    Ellwood City
                


                1,315
            



                201
            


                    Fleetwood
                


                1,313
            



                202
            


                    Schwenksville
                


                1,310
            



                203
            


                    Sellersville
                


                1,306
            



                204
            


                    Huntingdon
                


                1,296
            



                205
            


                    West Grove
                


                1,294
            



                206
            


                    Columbia
                


                1,287
            



                207
            


                    Punxsutawney
                


                1,287
            



                208
            


                    Denver
                


                1,283
            



                209
            


                    Muncy
                


                1,272
            



                210
            


                    Birdsboro
                


                1,270
            



                211
            


                    Devon
                


                1,268
            



                212
            


                    Sharon
                


                1,257
            



                213
            


                    Tunkhannock
                


                1,257
            



                214
            


                    Myerstown
                


                1,241
            



                215
            


                    Jamison
                


                1,238
            



                216
            


                    Hawley
                


                1,223
            



                217
            


                    Kutztown
                


                1,207
            



                218
            


                    Dresher
                


                1,206
            



                219
            


                    Enola
                


                1,206
            



                220
            


                    Export
                


                1,199
            



                221
            


                    Marcus Hook
                


                1,197
            



                222
            


                    Monaca
                


                1,196
            



                223
            


                    Apollo
                


                1,191
            



                224
            


                    Slippery Rock
                


                1,177
            



                225
            


                    McDonald
                


                1,174
            



                226
            


                    Gilbertsville
                


                1,166
            



                227
            


                    Duncansville
                


                1,163
            



                228
            


                    Brookhaven
                


                1,160
            



                229
            


                    Wellsboro
                


                1,160
            



                230
            


                    Radnor
                


                1,138
            



                231
            


                    North East
                


                1,130
            



                232
            


                    Ligonier
                


                1,124
            



                233
            


                    Hellertown
                


                1,121
            



                234
            


                    Oil City
                


                1,121
            



                235
            


                    Wallingford
                


                1,119
            



                236
            


                    Monongahela
                


                1,118
            



                237
            


                    Leola
                


                1,116
            



                238
            


                    Bath
                


                1,112
            



                239
            


                    Charleroi
                


                1,109
            



                240
            


                    Ebensburg
                


                1,106
            



                241
            


                    Clarion
                


                1,103
            



                242
            


                    North Versailles
                


                1,102
            



                243
            


                    Carbondale
                


                1,101
            



                244
            


                    Oakdale
                


                1,091
            



                245
            


                    Natrona Heights
                


                1,087
            



                246
            


                    Ambridge
                


                1,074
            



                247
            


                    Schuylkill Haven
                


                1,068
            



                248
            


                    Mohnton
                


                1,048
            



                249
            


                    Tarentum
                


                1,041
            



                250
            


                    Honey Brook
                


                1,039
            



                251
            


                    Quarryville
                


                1,038
            



                252
            


                    Lake Ariel
                


                1,035
            



                253
            


                    Spring City
                


                1,013
            



                254
            


                    Wyncote
                


                1,010
            



                255
            


                    Jersey Shore
                


                1,007
            



                256
            


                    Tamaqua
                


                1,005
            



                257
            


                    Venetia
                


                1,003
            



                258
            


                    Swarthmore
                


                1,002
            



                259
            


                    Mercer
                


                1,001
            



                260
            


                    Elizabeth
                


                998
            



                261
            


                    Titusville
                


                992
            



                262
            


                    Olyphant
                


                991
            



                263
            


                    Hamburg
                


                989
            



                264
            


                    Zelienople
                


                980
            



                265
            


                    Merion Station
                


                979
            



                266
            


                    Glenmoore
                


                977
            



                267
            


                    Center Valley
                


                976
            



                268
            


                    Landenberg
                


                973
            



                269
            


                    Brookville
                


                970
            



                270
            


                    Fairview
                


                966
            



                271
            


                    Oakmont
                


                957
            



                272
            


                    Valencia
                


                956
            



                273
            


                    Pipersville
                


                954
            



                274
            


                    New Oxford
                


                944
            



                275
            


                    Gladwyne
                


                940
            



                276
            


                    Spring Grove
                


                940
            



                277
            


                    Edinboro
                


                939
            



                278
            


                    Newville
                


                935
            



                279
            


                    Tobyhanna
                


                934
            



                280
            


                    Annville
                


                928
            



                281
            


                    New Brighton
                


                928
            



                282
            


                    Tyrone
                


                924
            



                283
            


                    Sharon Hill
                


                921
            



                284
            


                    Croydon
                


                919
            



                285
            


                    Mifflinburg
                


                914
            



                286
            


                    Cheswick
                


                911
            



                287
            


                    Sarver
                


                911
            



                288
            


                    South Park
                


                911
            



                289
            


                    Towanda
                


                907
            



                290
            


                    Nanticoke
                


                904
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                897
            



                292
            


                    Cheltenham
                


                891
            



                293
            


                    Corry
                


                890
            



                294
            


                    Moosic
                


                885
            



                295
            


                    Littlestown
                


                884
            



                296
            


                    Glenolden
                


                878
            



                297
            


                    Leechburg
                


                878
            



                298
            


                    Sayre
                


                874
            



                299
            


                    Wyomissing
                


                873
            



                300
            


                    Milton
                


                869
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.



















Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC - Commercial- Americas Realty Management Co, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    678 Reisterstown Road Second Floor 
    Baltimore, MD, 21208Phone: 4106537630 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-04


New


$4,700,000


$4,700,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Americas Realty Management Co, Llc 
 Executive 


 Kevin Stander 
 Director 


 Marc Tropp 
 Director 


 Carl J Verstandig 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 






























           
Paper products maker bringing 140 jobs to Lackawanna County - Business - The Times-Tribune












































































Sections


News

Election
Eric Frein Trial
Trump
Weather

Archives

Obituaries

Business
Stocks

Education
Data Center

Photo Store

NEPA 911
Health-Science
Local History
Gas Drilling
Courts
State



Sports

High School
Penn State
RailRiders
Penguins
Gameface
Golf
Motorsports
Wildlife
Varsity570




Lifestyles

Curtain Call

Student Artists

Calendar

Life events
Food and wine
10 things
Mothers
Home and Garden
On The Record
Crossword

Times Traveler



My Town

Scranton
Dunmore
Abingtons
Downvalley
Midvalley
Upvalley
N. Pocono
Wayne
Wyoming
Susquehanna



Opinion

Editorials & Columns
Letters
Submit Letter
Cole Cartoon Blog




Blogs

Chris Kelly Blog

John Cole Cartoons

High School Sports

Penn State

RailRiders

Photo Blog

Local History

The Borys Blog

WildLife Blog




Contact

Submit
Print Subscription

Print Advertising

NIE
Press Pass




Classifieds

Classifieds

NEPAAutoSource

Real Estate

Jobs




Shopping

Photo Store

Circulars

Coupons

Marketplace




Smart



Staff




Subscribe



ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION

      A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week
    
Subscribe to home delivery or digital



Manage your account
      Manage your account 24 hours a day. You can activate all access, pay your bill, update your account information, pause home delivery while you're away or ask a question.
    

Digital Services
        Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars.
    

Contact Us 
       See department contacts, frequently asked questions, request customer service support, submit a photo pr place an ad.
    



Sign In





News
                    •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Sports
                    •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Lifestyles
                    •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Obituaries

                            •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Opinion
                    •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Contact
                    •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Classifieds

                            •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Marketplace

                            •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Smart











Paper products maker bringing 140 jobs to Lackawanna County















 
High School Sports Blog 



 
Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. 



 
My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community:



 
Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed



 
News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email.







Most Read
Recent Comments




Most Read

Carbondale man accused of molesting two boys 
Accused molester charged with child rape 
4-year-old fights for her life after dog attack 
Woman to prison for arranging sex between 40-year-old man and 14-year-old girl 
County pays to have water turned on at Valley View Estates trailer park 
Indian family recipes for take-out at Shiv Shakti Chaat House in Scranton 
Pike County man accused of recording women in convenience store bathroom 











Settlement reached in malpractice case that left child with brain, heart damage


      A 9-year-old Midvalley girl and her parents will receive a minimum of $12.5 million under the settlement of a medical malpractice lawsuit against Geisinger Medical Center and several doctors. 
      (read more)





Allentown's alleged pay-for-play scheme has ties to region


      Officials of a firm that collects delinquent taxes for Scranton, Wilkes-Barre and Luzerne County contributed campaign money 
      (read more)





Search for missing Old Forge man hits six months


      Signs posted around Old Forge seeking information about the disappearance of borough businessman Robert Baron carry a simple message, part statement and part plea: “Someone here knows where he is.” Six months after the 58-year-old Ghigiarelli’s owner vani
      (read more)





Turnpike pushes cashless tolling for all


      Drivers who travel the Pennsylvania Turnpike through Lackawanna County and northern Luzerne County should have a quicker ride starting next spring. 
      (read more)





"It's just a part of me": Nine decades of Novena for Hill Section woman


      Scranton native Romayne Lynott has been attending the Solemn Novena to St. Ann for longer than she can remember. 
      (read more)





Chris Kelly: To share or not to share


      I was cruising on I-81 when I saw a black BMW beached on the berm. A brunette shook her ample assets at passersby as blue smoke belched from the engine block. 
      (read more)



Insurance agent charged with fraud


      A 41-year-old insurance agent faces felony charges for allegedly defrauding or stealing from three clients: Diaz Forest Products, Diaz Stone and Pallet and Diaz Manufacturing, police said Wednesday. 
      (read more)





Police: Man fled officers after snorting cocaine in movie theater parking lot


      A Nicholson man faces charges after police say he fled from them after using cocaine in a movie theater parking lot.
      (read more)




 
Throwback Thursday – Watermelons

        Watermelon are a refreshing summertime treat. But sometimes this fruit makes headlines.
              (read more)



Invenergy plan to discharge wastewater moves to council


      JESSUP — Invenergy’s plan to discharge industrial wastewater from the Chicago-based company’s currently under construction power plant into the municipal sewer system instead of into Grassy Island Creek will now move to borough council. 
      (read more)





4-year-old fights for her life after dog attack


      Kaydence Jakubowski is fighting for her life after the little girl was mauled by a dog Friday night at a cookout and swimming party in Hanover Twp.
      (read more)



Water cut off at Archbald mobile home park


      ARCHBALD — Residents at Valley View Estates are without water after nonpayment of service by management there. 
      (read more)

















                  STAFF REPORT
                           /
                           Published: March 7, 2016
                



Article Tools

Font size
–
+


Share This

 
                   
                  



 



Select Products Holdings LLC






Recent Dunmore News

Judge says five Dunmore retirees entitled to cost of living raises 
Drug disposal pouches to aid in opioid epidemic fight 
Dunmore pharmacy to talk to prescription opioid customers about reversal medication 
Victim’s family says Neil Pal’s landlord, father responsible for the death 
Cause of Dunmore house fire undetermined 
Penn State Worthington Scranton to change name 
Home burns on posh Dunmore street 





	A New York company that makes household paper products is promising to bring 140 jobs to Lackawanna County’s northeastern tip.

	Local officials welcomed news that Select Products Holdings LLC is buying the former Jerry’s Sports Center building at 939 Main St., Vandling, for a new factory.

	“It’s going to be good for Forest City and Vandling and Carbondale. It’s going to bring jobs to the Upper Valley where we normally don’t get them,” said Vandling Councilman Patrick Sherry.

	Gov. Tom Wolf’s office announced the pending deal in a news release Monday. It had been kept mostly under wraps while the company secured about $623,000 in state grants and tax credits to lubricate the $6.6 million investment it has promised.

	Efforts to reach Select Products Chief Executive Simon Roozrokh and company partners were unsuccessful Monday evening.

	In the news release, Mr. Roozrokh said the Vandling location will serve as the company’s “manufacturing hub.”

	“One of the reasons we selected this location is because of the ability to expand, build additional space and add additional equipment,” he said in the release. He credited the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce and the state for facilitating the deal.

	The building had been mostly empty since Jerry’s Sports Center, a sporting goods distributor, left Vandling in 2011 for new space in the CenterPoint complex in Jenkins Twp., Luzerne County.

	Rental tenants had filled part of the building, but never long term, said Greater Carbondale Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Laure Carlo. She had been promoting the building for a permanent tenant but hit obstacles.

	“It was kind of a hard sell in the beginning because of the proximity. A lot of people wanted to be a little bit closer to the Casey Highway,” she said, adding that the Select Products arrival will deliver a financial “shot in the arm” to the Upvalley region.

	Select Products, which manufactures paper towels, toilet paper, napkins and tissues, is to receive a $280,000 Pennsylvania First grant, $280,000 in Job Creation Tax Credits and $63,000 in state funding for employee training. Harrisburg also is nudging Select Products to apply for a $2.4 million loan from the Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority.

	A “now hiring” sign out front seeking laborers, technicians, management staff and office workers left Vandling solicitor Paul Smith encouraged.

	“I also noticed a car out in front, which is something that hasn’t happened in quite a few years, which is nice to see,” he said.

	Contact the writer:

	joconnell@timesshamrock.com,

	@jon_oc on Twitter











              We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines:

              To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here.

              Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions.
            


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus















 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 
 1-800-228-4637 
 CONTACT US 
Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune 
PRIVACY POLICY | 
    OPINION POSTING POLICY | 
    ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? 
    CONTACT US






SUBSCRIBE
HOME DELIVERY
DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS
NEWSLETTERS
ALERTS


NEWS
OBITUARIES
SPORTS
LIFESTYLES
BUSINESS
OPINION
CONTACT
JOBS


CLASSIFIEDS
MARKETPLACE
PLACE AN AD
FIND SCRANTON JOBS


Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
















  
      
      
    





 























 



 Auxilium Pharmaceuticals Completes Acquisition Of Actient Holdings LLC To Create A Leading Urology 
         










    










 






 











 









Auxilium Pharmaceuticals Completes Acquisition Of Actient Holdings LLC To Create A Leading Urology Franchise With A Diversified Product Portfolio And Strong Growth Profile

		  -Transaction Expected to be Immediately Accretive to Adjusted Non-GAAP Net Income-
		

Apr 29, 2013, 07:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


CHESTERBROOK, Pa. and LAKE FOREST, Ill., April 29, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:   AUXL), a specialty biopharmaceutical company, today announced that it has completed the acquisition of  Actient Holdings LLC ("Actient"), a private urology specialty therapeutics company, for $585 million in upfront cash plus certain contingent consideration and warrants to purchase Auxilium common stock.  Auxilium expects to receive a tax benefit, with a net present value of approximately $60 million, as a result of the acquisition of Actient.  The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive on a non-GAAP basis to Auxilium's 2013 adjusted net income.  
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101202/MM10881LOGO )
Actient is a private company primarily focused on urology.  Actient's urology portfolio includes TESTOPEL®, the only long-acting implantable testosterone replacement therapy ("TRT"), Edex®, the leading branded non-oral drug for erectile dysfunction, Striant®, a buccal system for testosterone delivery, and Osbon ErecAid®, a device for aiding erectile dysfunction.  Actient also has a non-promoted respiratory franchise, including Theo-24® and Semprex®-D, along with three other non-promoted products.  The company has approximately 165 employees, including 100 sales representatives in two focused field forces.  
"The acquisition of Actient is a major step forward in our strategy to expand our specialty therapeutic offerings: we believe that it expands our TRT portfolio, strengthens our commitment to urologists, enhances our growth trajectory, and will create significant value for our shareholders," said Adrian Adams, Chief Executive Officer and President of Auxilium.  "This is a compelling fit from both a strategic and financial standpoint.  The transaction creates a leading urology franchise with a diversified product portfolio and sales force leverage that is well positioned for growth of our current portfolio as we pursue the potential expansion of our label for XIAFLEX® in Peyronie's disease.  From a financial perspective, we expect Actient to be immediately accretive on a non-GAAP basis to our 2013 adjusted net income and to yield a strong return on invested capital.  We believe this transaction will help enable us to increasingly drive our future earnings growth."
Ed Fiorentino, Chief Executive Officer of Actient, commented "We are excited to join the Auxilium team and look forward to what we can accomplish together.  As part of a larger company with enhanced capabilities, we will offer our urology customers a wider range of solutions, and our other specialty pharmaceutical products should have greater opportunities to grow.  Actient and Auxilium share a culture of innovation and a strong focus on our physician customers and patients.  I am confident that this is a winning combination for our customers and the patients we collectively serve as we continue to fulfill our mission of improving patient outcomes."
Adams concluded, "We are pleased to welcome the Actient team to the Auxilium family.  Together we will remain focused on satisfying unmet medical needs to provide the highest quality care to our patients." 
Expected Benefits of the Transaction

Creates a Leading Urology Franchise.  Together, Auxilium and Actient will create a leading urology platform with the widest range of products for TRT, including topical, buccal and long-acting options.  Auxilium expects the TRT market will continue to remain a significant opportunity for growth across multiple testosterone delivery options.  The combined urology franchise will offer Testim®, TESTOPEL and Striant for testosterone replacement, Edex, and Osbon ErecAid for erectile dysfunction, and if approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, XIAFLEX for treatment of Peyronie's disease.  
Strong Growth Profile.  As a result of the transaction, Auxilium believes it will be able to generate strong top-line growth over time which will help the combined company achieve greater leverage in its commercial infrastructure, creating the possibility of higher operating margins.  In addition, Auxilium expects to realize approximately $20 million of run- rate cost synergies and expects to achieve the majority of these synergies in 2014.  Auxilium also believes that there are significant cross-selling opportunities that create potentially meaningful revenue synergies from this transaction.  
Financially Compelling.  The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive on a non-GAAP basis to Auxilium's adjusted net income in 2013 and beyond.  As a result of the transaction, Auxilium expects to receive a step-up in basis that will result in tax deductible amortization of goodwill with a net present value of approximately $60 million.
Auxilium believes the transaction creates a sustainable base of high cash flow legacy products, which will enable the combined company to generate strong operating cash flow, which it intends to use to pay down debt and grow the business. 
Enhances Existing Commercial Efforts Through Combined Sales Force.  The combined company is expected to be able to leverage its U.S. sales force more efficiently, which together reaches an extensive network of more than 24,000 prescribing physicians within orthopedics, urology, endocrinology and rheumatology, to enhance sales efforts.  By joining two experienced sales and marketing teams with expertise in TRT as well as with buy and bill delivery models, we believe we will better serve our TRT physician customers across the spectrum.   
Diversifies and Balances Core Product Portfolio.  The combined company will offer 11 products in attractive specialty markets and will have a more diverse revenue stream.  
Transaction Details
Auxilium will pay Actient unit holders $585 million in upfront cash a warrant for 1.25 million shares of Auxilium common stock with an exercise price of $17.80 per share and up to $50 million of contingent consideration based upon the achievement of future revenue targets.  Auxilium expects to receive a tax benefit, with a net present value of $60 million, as a result of the acquisition of Actient.  
Financing
To finance the acquisition, Auxilium is using cash on hand and the proceeds from a new secured loan of $225 million from Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.
First Quarter 2013 Financial Results
Separately today, Auxilium announced its first quarter 2013 financial results.  The press release is available on the investor relations section of the Company's website. 
Revised 2013 Guidance
The Company has updated its guidance for 2013 and this can be seen in the slide presentation that will be used during the Investor Conference call.  This slide deck, which will be used on today's conference call, will be posted to the web site at approximately 7:00 a.m. ET.
Non-GAAP Measures
Auxilium management expects to provide certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis.  Auxilium management will use these non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and evaluate our operating results and trends on an ongoing basis and internally for operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes.  We believe the non-GAAP information will be useful for investors by offering them the ability to better identify trends in our business and better understand how management evaluates the business. These non-GAAP financial measures that management will use will be presented in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be relied upon as an alternative to GAAP financial measures.  We currently anticipate that the following non-GAAP measures will be presented in future guidance and actual result presentations:

Operating expenses will exclude stock-based employee compensation expense; 
Imputed interest related to the convertible senior notes due in 2018 will be excluded; 
Non-cash purchase accounting adjustments to the cost of inventory will be excluded; 
Non-cash amortization expense of intangible assets resulting from purchase accounting adjustments will be excluded; 
Costs incurred to complete the transaction, including fees paid to advisors, will be excluded; 
Non-recurring costs to achieve synergies, including severance and asset write offs will be excluded; 
Non-recurring costs associated with completing the integration of Actient into Auxilium will be excluded.
We believe the non-GAAP information will be useful for investors by: 

offering them the ability to better identify trends in our business; 
allowing investors to use the same non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and evaluate our operating results and trends on an ongoing basis as are used by management  internally for operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes; and 
providing a useful measure to compare our results period-over-period.
Advisors
Morgan Stanley and Centerview Partners are acting as financial advisors to Auxilium, and Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP and Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP are acting as its legal advisors.  Jefferies LLC is acting as financial advisor to Actient and Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Hogan Lovells US LLP
are acting as its legal advisors.  
Conference Call & Webcast
A conference call to discuss the transaction, including the expected synergies and savings, 2012 Actient revenues, anticipated 2013 revenue targets for the combined company, and other pro-forma and estimated financial information, as well as the Company's first quarter 2013 financial results is scheduled for today at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time.  The presentation slides to be used during the call will be available on the "For Investors" section of Auxilium's web site under the "Presentations" tab at 7:00 a.m. ET.  A question and answer session will follow the presentation.  The conference call and the presentation slides will be simultaneously web cast on the "Investors" section of the Auxilium web site under the "Events" tab.  The conference call will be archived for future review until July 29, 2013.








Conference call details:






Date:        


 Monday, April 29, 2013



Time:         


8:30 a.m. ET



Dial-in (U.S.):


866-515-2913



Dial-in (International):


617-399-5127 



Web cast:                


http://www.auxilium.com



Passcode:                


AUXILIUM



To access an audio replay of the call:





Access number (U.S.):                      


888-286-8010 



Access number (International):   


617-801-6888



Replay Passcode #: 


98775073

About Auxilium
Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty biopharmaceutical company with a focus on developing and marketing products to predominantly specialist audiences.  Auxilium markets Testim® 1% (testosterone gel) for the topical treatment of hypogonadism in the U.S., XIAFLEX® (collagenase clostridium histolyticum (CCH)) for the treatment of adult Dupuytren's contracture patients with a palpable cord in the U.S., and distributes XIAPEX® (the EU tradename for CCH) in the European Union through Pfizer Inc. under a transition services agreement until the applicable marketing authorizations are fully transferred to Auxilium.  GlaxoSmithKline LLC co-promotes Testim with Auxilium in the U.S.  Ferring International Center S.A. markets Testim in certain countries of the EU and Paladin Labs Inc. markets Testim in Canada.  Asahi Kasei Pharma Corporation has development and commercial rights for XIAFLEX in Japan; and Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd has development and commercial rights for XIAFLEX in Canada, Australia, Brazil and Mexico.  Auxilium has three projects in clinical development. XIAFLEX is in phase III of development for the treatment of Peyronie's disease.  CCH is in phase IIa of development for the treatment of Frozen Shoulder syndrome (adhesive capsulitis) and phase Ib of development for the treatment of cellulite (edematous fibrosclerotic panniculopathy).  Auxilium also has rights to pursue additional indications for XIAFLEX. For additional information, visit http://www.auxilium.com.
About Actient
Actient is a specialty products company focused on therapeutics to improve patient outcomes. The company was formed to acquire companies and products with a focus on select physician specialties. For more information, please visit www.actientpharma.com.
AUXILIUM SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements made with respect to Auxilium's future business plan or goals, Auxilium's expected tax benefit and the amount of such benefit as a result of its acquisition of Actient, that the acquisition will be immediately accretive on a non-GAAP basis to Auxilium's 2013 adjusted net income; whether the Actient acquisition will provide Auxilium with a return on invested capital; whether Auxilium will receive a step-up in basis resulting in tax deductible amortization of goodwill as a result of the acquisition of Actient; whether the acquisition of Actient will enable Auxilium to drive its future earnings growth, generate strong top-line growth, achieve greater leverage in the commercial infrastructure and potentially higher operating margins; whether Auxilium will realize run-rate cost synergies and the value of such synergies from its acquisition of Actient and in what time frame; whether there are significant cross-selling opportunities that would create revenue synergies from Auxilium's acquisition of Actient; whether Auxilium's acquisition of Actient will create a sustainable base of high cash flow legacy products enabling the Auxilium to generate strong operating cash flow; whether the acquisition of Actient will expand Auxilium's portfolio; the degree to which Auxilium will remain committed to urology and the TRT market; whether the Actient acquisition will enhance Auxilium's growth trajectory and create significant value for shareholders; whether Actient and Auxilium will benefit from complementary commercial capabilities or an expanded sales force; the ability of Actient to better serve TRT physician customers; whether Auxilium will achieve other expected benefits from its acquisition of Actient; whether the TRT market will remain a significant opportunity for growth across multiple testosterone delivery options; and the degree to which Auxilium's cash from operations will be available or used for amortizing outstanding indebtedness.  These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, achievements or prospects to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or prospects expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''may'', ''will'', ''should'', ''would'', ''expect'', ''intend'', ''plan'', ''anticipate'', ''believe'', ''estimate'', ''predict'', ''potential'', ''seem'', ''seek'', ''future'', ''continue'', or ''appear'' or the negative of these terms or similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Our forward-looking statements convey management's expectations, beliefs, plans and objectives regarding future performance of Auxilium and are based upon preliminary information and management assumptions.  No specific assurances can be given with respect to whether we will realize financial, strategic and other benefits as a result of our acquisition of Actient.  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under ''Risk Factors'' in Auxilium's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on January 23, 2013 as updated in Item 8.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the SEC on April 29, 2013.  While Auxilium may elect to update the forward-looking statements made in this news release in the future, Auxilium specifically disclaims any obligation to do so.  Our SEC filings may be accessed electronically by means of the SEC's home page on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov or by means of Auxilium's home page on the Internet at http://www.auxilium.com under the heading "For Investors - SEC Filings."  There may be additional risks that Auxilium does not presently know or that Auxilium currently believes are immaterial which could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.   
Testim® and XIAFLEX® are registered trademarks of Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  TESTOPEL®, Edex®, Striant®, Osbon Osbon ErecAid®, Theo-24® and Semprex®-D are registered trademarks of Actient. 
For Auxilium:
James E. Fickenscher
CFO                
(484) 321-5900                                      
jfickenscher@auxilium.com               
William Q. Sargent, Jr.
V.P., IR
(484) 321-5900
wsargent@auxilium.com
For Actient:
Kellie Kennedy
(312) 933-4903
kelliek@theharbingergroup.com
 SOURCE  Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.auxilium.com/



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Apr 29, 2013, 07:00 ET
Preview: Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc, Announces First Quarter 2013 Financial Results




















Apr 25, 2013, 16:27 ET
Preview: Auxilium Pharmaceuticals to Announce First Quarter 2013 Results and Conduct Conference Call on Monday, April 29, 2013








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC  Funding details


Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC Industry: CommercialCIK Number: 0001687801IRS Number: 813622828Address: 678 REISTERSTOWN ROAD SECOND FLOOR BALTIMORE 21208Phone number: 4106537630



Latest news
Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC raised $4,700,000 from 35 investors on 2016-11-04.



Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-04New Form D$4,700,000$4,700,0000$50,0003506b[SEC Filing]
Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC raised $4,700,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC
Key People in Pennsylvania Portfolio Holdings LLC:

Carl VerstandigMarc TroppKevin StanderN/A Americas Realty Management Co, LLC
Similar companiesPennsylvania Regional Center, LP VIII, PENNSYLVANIA PURE DISTILLERIES LLC








Last visited companies: Bayview MSR Opportunity Domestic, L.P., Berkley Networks Corp, Bernett Diversified Global Fund, L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe IV L.P., CAROLCO PICTURES, INC.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Limited Liability Company (LLC) - Start an LLC Online | LegalZoom





















Call us: (855) 403-8493



Form an LLC Online
start my business
Pricing starts at $149 + state filing fees


We've Helped Form Over 1 Million LLCs







You want flexibility in how your company is managed?
We can help you form your LLC efficiently and securely by:






Preparing the paperwork
Our questionnaire is designed by vetted attorneys so you aren’t left wondering how to complete complicated legal forms. Simply answer the questions and we’ll formalize the paperwork.





Filing with your state
No matter in which U.S. state you choose to form your LLC, we file your paperwork with the proper government agency, and guarantee it’ll be done right.





Setting you up for success
Once we hear back from the county or state government agency, we’ll let you know the status and ship your documents to you along with clear instructions on what you need to do next.







We’ve helped form over 1 million LLCs. Let’s get yours started.




Economy

$149+ state filing fees
start my business




Name availability check and business filing
Filing of LLC state documents
Personalized operating agreement
Personalized company binder w/official documents
Official company seal
Two-day delivery of final package
Discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN
30-day trial of business legal





Standard

$289+ state filing fees
start my business




Name availability check and business filing
Filing of LLC state documents
Personalized operating agreement
Personalized company binder w/official documents
Official company seal
Two-day delivery of final package
Discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN
30-day trial of business legal






Express Gold

$359+ state filing fees
start my business




Name availability check and business filing
Filing of LLC state documents
Personalized operating agreement
Personalized company binder w/official documents
Official company seal
Two-day delivery of final package
Discounted and expedited Federal Tax ID (EIN
30-day trial of business legal









“I really appreciate the help I am getting from LegalZoom. It makes thing easier for those of us that struggle with all of the legal and financial issues that comes with starting a small business.”
Ryan T., Lewisville, TX







Finding legal help can be a challenge.
We’ve cut out the hard part for you.






On your own
Expensive hourly rates
 Complicated legal forms
 Hoping you completed and filed the forms correctly


With LegalZoom
One flat fee
 1 simple questionnaire
 Knowing the forms were completed and filed correctly for you



Let’s get started.
start my business











