





























Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $1.16 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Alphabet Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alphabet Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $1.16 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)
Knowles Corporation (NYSE:KN) Stake Increased by BlackRock Inc.
A. Schulman, Inc. (SHLM) Position Boosted by Legal & General Group Plc
Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for St. Modwen Properties plc (LON:SMP)
$0.32 Earnings Per Share Expected for MCBC Holdings, Inc. (MCFT) This Quarter
Relx PLC (LON:REL) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,800 at Credit Suisse Group AG
Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) Given a GBX 8,900 Price Target at Societe Generale
Polar Capital Holdings plc (LON:POLR) Cut to “Add” at Peel Hunt
IEC Electronics Corp (NYSE:IEC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect GenVec (NASDAQ:GNVC) Stock Price
New Mountain Finance Corporation (NYSE:NMFC) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.17
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Magyar Bancorp (NASDAQ:MGYR) Stock Price
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact 3M (NYSE:MMM) Share Price
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) Stock Price
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Continues to Hold Position in Halyard Health, Inc. (NYSE:HYH)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRPT)
Jefferies Group Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Fulton Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:FULT)
Insider Selling: Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Major Shareholder Sells $2,821,000.00 in Stock
Mtd Holdings Inc Sells 500,000 Shares of Shiloh Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:SHLO) Stock
American Capital Agency Corp. (AGNC) to Issue Jul 17 Dividend of $0.18 on  August 7th



 


Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $1.16 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

					Posted by Geri Gentry on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. boosted its position in  Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) by 21.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,366 shares of the information services provider’s stock after buying an additional 238 shares during the period. Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc.’s holdings in Alphabet were worth $1,158,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Alphabet by 71,762.1% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 115,698 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 115,537 shares during the period.  Delta Asset Management LLC TN increased its position in shares of  Alphabet by 1.5% in the first quarter. Delta Asset Management LLC TN now owns 136 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 2 shares during the period.  Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its position in shares of  Alphabet by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 170 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 1 shares during the period.  Cordasco Financial Network increased its stake in  Alphabet by 2.2% in the first quarter. Cordasco Financial Network now owns 235 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $199,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, First Command Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in  Alphabet by 56.1% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 242 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 87 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  34.33% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Alphabet Inc. alerts:



Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ GOOGL) traded up 0.17% during trading on Friday, reaching $993.84. 1,463,322 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $968.58 and a 200-day moving average price of $895.39. Alphabet Inc. has a 52 week low of $743.59 and a 52 week high of $1,008.61. The company has a market capitalization of $687.49 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.58 and a beta of 1.00.  Alphabet also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Wednesday. Investors  purchased 18,660 call options on the company. This represents an increase of 121% compared to the typical daily volume of 8,448 call options.




Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $7.24 by $0.49. Alphabet had a return on equity of 15.16% and a net margin of 21.84%. The firm had revenue of $20.12 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $19.65 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $7.50 earnings per share.  Analysts forecast that  Alphabet Inc. will post $33.97 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally  posted by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/22/penobscot-investment-management-company-inc-has-1-16-million-stake-in-alphabet-inc-nasdaqgoogl-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Vetr upgraded Alphabet from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1,052.36 price target for the company in a report on Monday, June 5th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $1,200.00 price target (up from $950.00) on shares of Alphabet in a report on Sunday, May 28th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Alphabet from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1,112.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $1,050.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, Instinet  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and forty-one have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Alphabet  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $1,024.31.
Alphabet Company Profile
Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.







Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $1.16 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. 





Knowles Corporation  Stake Increased by BlackRock Inc.





A. Schulman, Inc.  Position Boosted by Legal & General Group Plc





Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for St. Modwen Properties plc 





Polar Capital Holdings plc  Cut to “Add” at Peel Hunt





$0.32 Earnings Per Share Expected for MCBC Holdings, Inc.  This Quarter






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 










































Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.
















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home » About Us
Personal. Practical. Penobscot.
Located in the heart of Boston’s Financial District, Penobscot has been providing investment management services to individuals, families and non-profits since 1988. We believe that successful investment counsel requires both sound financial advice and effective communication with clients. These are the principles on which our company was founded.
Penobscot’s investment approach is personal and practical. Putting it simply, we meet each client’s distinct needs by investing in companies with solid business fundamentals and substantial financial strength.
Our goal is to provide our clients with long-term capital appreciation and growth of income. We achieve that goal through broadly diversified portfolios structured around each individual’s unique objectives. In general, we look for leading companies that demonstrate:

A history of steady revenue growth
A history of steady earnings and dividend growth
Low price-to-book value
Low price-to-earnings multiple
Modest debt level
Above average profit margin and return on equity

We also carefully consider risk at all levels – in individual securities, in financial markets, and in the risk tolerance of each client. While we are primarily equity investors, should stocks appear to be temporarily overvalued, we will increase our emphasis on cash and fixed income. Our team focuses on long-term capital appreciation and income growth, exercising patience and consistency throughout the process.
This approach has served clients well for over 25 years. Every relationship we have formed over those decades has been built on two enduring principles – a dedication to exceptional investment performance and a personal commitment to the people we serve.




 
Penobscot Can Help You: 

Plan for retirement
Manage an estate or assets after the loss of a loved one
Save for specific goals, such as college tuition, a second home or family events
Establish trusts
Employ investments to create income stream
Transfer wealth to future generations
Fund vacations and vocations
Explore tax-smart philanthropic options




Our Philosophy

The Importance of Dividends (pdf)


 
 

















Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.

















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home
Personal Portfolios, Personally Managed
At Penobscot, we build portfolios by forming relationships. Working as a true partner, we take the time to understand your unique goals and expectations. We ask questions. We share insights. We provide options. And we listen. Then, our accomplished managers join together to determine which investments make the most sense for your short and long term objectives. You benefit from our best ideas, united in one perspective – yours.
Because investment management isn’t just about your life savings, it’s about your life. 
Guided by your input, your manager builds a customized portfolio that reflects your current and future requirements. Your plan is explained clearly and your results are shared in quarterly and annual statements. In addition, if the need arises, your manager can aid in the selection of attorneys, accountants and other experts.
Communication is open and ongoing. Confidentiality is assured. What’s more, your investment manager continually pays attention to your portfolio, your evolving needs and the market changes that can influence both. So you’re certain you have the strategy that’s right for you – today and tomorrow.
Penobscot Investment Management. Working as One.
 




 
 Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofits.

 
 We Are Registered Investment Advisors

 

















Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.
















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home » About Us
Personal. Practical. Penobscot.
Located in the heart of Boston’s Financial District, Penobscot has been providing investment management services to individuals, families and non-profits since 1988. We believe that successful investment counsel requires both sound financial advice and effective communication with clients. These are the principles on which our company was founded.
Penobscot’s investment approach is personal and practical. Putting it simply, we meet each client’s distinct needs by investing in companies with solid business fundamentals and substantial financial strength.
Our goal is to provide our clients with long-term capital appreciation and growth of income. We achieve that goal through broadly diversified portfolios structured around each individual’s unique objectives. In general, we look for leading companies that demonstrate:

A history of steady revenue growth
A history of steady earnings and dividend growth
Low price-to-book value
Low price-to-earnings multiple
Modest debt level
Above average profit margin and return on equity

We also carefully consider risk at all levels – in individual securities, in financial markets, and in the risk tolerance of each client. While we are primarily equity investors, should stocks appear to be temporarily overvalued, we will increase our emphasis on cash and fixed income. Our team focuses on long-term capital appreciation and income growth, exercising patience and consistency throughout the process.
This approach has served clients well for over 25 years. Every relationship we have formed over those decades has been built on two enduring principles – a dedication to exceptional investment performance and a personal commitment to the people we serve.




 
Penobscot Can Help You: 

Plan for retirement
Manage an estate or assets after the loss of a loved one
Save for specific goals, such as college tuition, a second home or family events
Establish trusts
Employ investments to create income stream
Transfer wealth to future generations
Fund vacations and vocations
Explore tax-smart philanthropic options




Our Philosophy

The Importance of Dividends (pdf)


 
 














﻿

























Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $5.83 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for AbbVie Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AbbVie Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Reviewing Forward Air Corporation (FWRD) and United Parcel Service (UPS)
Canon (NYSE:CAJ) vs. Pitney Bowes (PBI) Head to Head Comparison
Critical Analysis: Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia (MSO) & Meredith Corporation (MDP)
Head-To-Head Survey: NRG Energy (NRG) and Exelon Corporation (EXC)
Critical Review: MedAssets (MDAS) and Computer Programs and Systems (CPSI)
AutoNation (AN) and Penske Automotive Group (PAG) Financial Review
Financial Contrast: Cable One (CABO) & WideOpenWest (WOW)
PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) PT Raised to $35.00
lululemon athletica inc. (LULU) Upgraded to Buy at Vetr Inc.
Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.05
MSG Networks (MSGN) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds
TAL Education Group (TAL) Now Covered by Macquarie
DA Davidson Begins Coverage on Finisar Corporation (FNSR)
Gibson Energy Inc. (TSE:GEI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
M/I Homes (MHO) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Dividend Growth Fd (JTD) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.10
Points International (PCOM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds
O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.40
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Alaris Royalty Corp. (AD) Increased by Analyst


 


Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $5.83 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. increased its stake in shares of AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) by 1.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 89,520 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,440 shares during the period. AbbVie makes up about 2.0% of Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 8th largest position. Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc.’s holdings in AbbVie were worth $5,833,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of ABBV. First Command Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of AbbVie by 6.8% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,565 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 99 shares in the last quarter. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC acquired a new stake in shares of AbbVie during the fourth quarter worth approximately $137,000. American National Bank boosted its stake in shares of AbbVie by 13.8% in the first quarter. American National Bank now owns 2,471 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the last quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC boosted its stake in AbbVie by 7.4% in the first quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 2,711 shares of the company’s stock valued at $177,000 after buying an additional 186 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its stake in AbbVie by 5,766.3% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 178,217 shares of the company’s stock valued at $178,000 after buying an additional 175,179 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.04% of the company’s stock. 


 Get AbbVie Inc. alerts:



Shares of AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) traded up 1.6727% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $73.9872. The stock had a trading volume of 2,317,906 shares. AbbVie Inc. has a 52 week low of $55.06 and a 52 week high of $74.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $70.98 and a 200 day moving average price of $65.70. The firm has a market cap of $117.75 billion, a PE ratio of 19.1776 and a beta of 1.51. 




AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.26 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $6.54 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.49 billion. AbbVie had a return on equity of 148.83% and a net margin of 24.07%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 9.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.15 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that AbbVie Inc. will post $5.53 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be issued a $0.64 dividend. This represents a $2.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.52%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. AbbVie’s dividend payout ratio is presently 66.32%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Has $5.83 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/penobscot-investment-management-company-inc-boosts-stake-in-abbvie-inc-abbv-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $66.00 price target on shares of AbbVie in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Credit Suisse Group restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $74.00 price target (up previously from $65.00) on shares of AbbVie in a report on Thursday. Vetr cut shares of AbbVie from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $72.72 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating on shares of AbbVie in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AbbVie from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. AbbVie presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $74.42.
In other AbbVie news, EVP Carlos Alban sold 45,800 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.00, for a total transaction of $3,206,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 160,545 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,238,150. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Laura J. Schumacher sold 79,800 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.00, for a total value of $5,586,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 187,625 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,133,750. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 278,135 shares of company stock valued at $18,841,085. 0.23% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About AbbVie
AbbVie Inc (AbbVie) is a research-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of pharmaceutical products. Its products are focused on treating conditions, such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis C virus (HCV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); neurological disorders, such as Parkinson’s disease and multiple sclerosis; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis, and other serious health conditions. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for AbbVie Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AbbVie Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.



















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home » Contact / Directions









Contact Details

Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.
50 Congress Street,  Suite 410,  Boston, MA 02109
Tel: (617) 227-3111
Fax: (617) 227-7467
Email: pim@pimboston.com



Parking

We are located near Post Office Square, at 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109.
We recommend parking at the Garage at Post Office Square. 
There are two entrances to the garage; one at 130 Congress Street, and one at 55 Pearl Street. 
Click on map below to enlarge.





Send us a message












Connect With Us

 Operations Team ~
admin@pimboston.com ~
Fax: 617-227-7467Management Team ~
pim@pimboston.com Colleen Barry ~
617-337-2939 ~
cbarry@pimboston.comEugene Clapp ~
617-337-2936 ~
geneclapp@pimboston.com Daniel Ford ~ 
617-337-2932 ~
danford@pimboston.comMartha Hathaway ~
617-337-2942 ~
mhathaway@pimboston.com Douglas Hart ~
617-337-2933 ~
doughart@pimboston.comKerry Janas ~
617-337-2940  ~
kjanas@pimboston.com Charles (Cap) Kane, Jr. ~
617-337-2931 ~
capkane@pimboston.comAlessandra Lastih ~
617-337-2941 ~
alastih@pimboston.com Kristin Nicholson ~
617-337-2930 ~
knicholson@pimboston.comJon Phillips ~
617-337-2937 ~
jonphillips@pimboston.com 
















Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:19 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, partnerships, corporations, and other business entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. was founded in 1988 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


50 Congress StreetSuite 410Boston, MA 02109United StatesFounded in 1988



Phone: 617-227-3111

Fax: 617-227-7467

www.pimboston.com







Key Executives for Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.




Mr. Douglas Edward Hart


      	Co-Founder, Principal, President, Chief Compliance Officer, and Director
      








Mr. Eugene Howard Clapp


      	Co-Founder, Chief Financial Officer, and Director
      








Ms. Mary-Ann Calcagno


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Jonathan R. Phillips









Ms. Valerie Gates






Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc., please visit www.pimboston.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.


Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.
(CRD# 105060) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boston, MA.
They
manage $412,129,405 in 451 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 5 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.




50 Congress Street, Suite 410,
Boston,
MA
02109
617-227-3111
http://www.pimboston.com




http://www.pimboston.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

412
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

451
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$913,812







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




MA, ME, NH, TX, VT






Financial Advisors at Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc.




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Daniel B. Ford



CRD#:
5731609



155 Fleet Street,
Portsmouth,
NH
03801




93

Wealthminder
score








Daniel Ford (CRD# 5731609) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. in Portsmouth, NH and has 
over 7 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Charles F. Kane



CRD#:
818704



50 Congress Street, Suite 410,
Boston,
MA
02109




93

Wealthminder
score








Charles Kane (CRD# 818704) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. in Boston, MA and has 
over 36 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Eugene H. Clapp



CRD#:
4381313



50 Congress Street, Suite 410,
Boston,
MA
02109




87

Wealthminder
score








Eugene Clapp (CRD# 4381313) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. in Boston, MA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Douglas E. Hart



CRD#:
1002972



50 Congress Street, Suite 410,
Boston,
MA
02109




87

Wealthminder
score








Douglas Hart (CRD# 1002972) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. in Boston, MA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Jonathan R. Phillips



CRD#:
4583978



50 Congress Street, Suite 410,
Boston,
MA
02109




87

Wealthminder
score








Jonathan Phillips (CRD# 4583978) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. in Boston, MA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.

















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home
Personal Portfolios, Personally Managed
At Penobscot, we build portfolios by forming relationships. Working as a true partner, we take the time to understand your unique goals and expectations. We ask questions. We share insights. We provide options. And we listen. Then, our accomplished managers join together to determine which investments make the most sense for your short and long term objectives. You benefit from our best ideas, united in one perspective – yours.
Because investment management isn’t just about your life savings, it’s about your life. 
Guided by your input, your manager builds a customized portfolio that reflects your current and future requirements. Your plan is explained clearly and your results are shared in quarterly and annual statements. In addition, if the need arises, your manager can aid in the selection of attorneys, accountants and other experts.
Communication is open and ongoing. Confidentiality is assured. What’s more, your investment manager continually pays attention to your portfolio, your evolving needs and the market changes that can influence both. So you’re certain you have the strategy that’s right for you – today and tomorrow.
Penobscot Investment Management. Working as One.
 




 
 Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofits.

 
 We Are Registered Investment Advisors

 
















Penobscot Investment Management Co Inc                                                                                   - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Penobscot Investment Management Co Inc
                                    



 





















P 


Penobscot Investment Management Co Inc                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



50 CONGRESS ST STE 410 BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions



(617) 227-3111
www.pimboston.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 1988
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $746,638.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Douglas Hart                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1988, Penobscot Investment Management Co Inc                                                                                   has been providing Investment Advisory Service from Boston. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































AbbVie Company Profile (NYSE:ABBV)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)
AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) is a research-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of pharmaceutical products. Its products are focused on treating conditions, such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis C virus (HCV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); neurological disorders, such as Parkinson's disease and multiple sclerosis; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis, and other serious health conditions. It offers products in various categories, including HUMIRA (adalimumab), Oncology products, Virology Products, Additional Virology products, Metabolics/Hormones products, Endocrinology products and other products, which include Duopa and Duodopa (carbidopa and levodopa), Anesthesia products and ZINBRYTA (daclizumab). 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Medical
Industry: Specialty & Advanced Pharmaceuticals
Sub-Industry: Pharmaceuticals
Symbol: NYSE:ABBV
CUSIP: 00287Y10
Web: www.abbvie.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $115.52988 billionOutstanding Shares: 1,591,540,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $71.90200 Day Moving Avg: $66.0552 Week Range: $55.06 - $75.04


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 18.59Foreward P/E Ratio: 10.95P/E Growth: 0.91Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $26.22 billionPrice / Sales: 4.35Book Value: $3.14 per sharePrice / Book: 22.84Dividend:Annual Dividend: $2.56Dividend Yield: 3.5%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $11.15 billionNet Margins: 24.07%Return on Equity: 148.83%Return on Assets: 12.18%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 7.31%Current Ratio: 1.76%Quick Ratio: 1.60%Misc:Average Volume: 5.55 million shs.Beta: 1.51Short Ratio: 5.37

 

Frequently Asked Questions for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)
What is AbbVie's stock symbol?

AbbVie trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "ABBV."



How often does AbbVie pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for AbbVie?

AbbVie declared a quarterly dividend on Friday, June 23rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.64 per share on Tuesday, August 15th. This represents a $2.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.57%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th.  View AbbVie's Dividend History.



How will AbbVie's stock buyback program work?

AbbVie declared that its Board of Directors has initiated a stock repurchase program on Sunday, April 9th 2017, which authorizes the company to buyback $5,000,000,000.00 in    shares, according to EventVestor. This buyback authorization authorizes the company to reacquire up to 5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are generally an indication that the company's board of directors believes its stock is undervalued. 



How were AbbVie's earnings last quarter?

AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) posted its earnings results on Friday, January, 27th. The company reported $1.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts' consensus estimates of $1.20. The company earned $6.78 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.92 billion. AbbVie had a return on equity of 148.83% and a net margin of 24.07%. The firm's revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.13 EPS.  View AbbVie's Earnings History.



When will AbbVie make its next earnings announcement?

AbbVie is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Friday, July, 28th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for AbbVie.



Where is AbbVie's stock going? Where will AbbVie's stock price be in 2017?

13 brokerages have issued twelve-month price targets for AbbVie's shares. Their predictions range from $60.00 to $94.00. On average, they anticipate AbbVie's stock price to reach $74.58 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for AbbVie.



What are analysts saying about AbbVie stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about AbbVie stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "AbbVie’s key drug Humira is performing well and should continue to be driven by growing awareness, favorable clinical data, new indications and expansion into new markets. Moreover, Imbruvica has multi-billion dollar potential and AbbVie is exploring the possibility of label expansion into solid tumors and autoimmune diseases. Investor focus will be on the stock with several late-stage data-readouts are expected in 2017. AbbVie’s shares outperformed the large-cap pharma industry so far this year. However, Viekira faces intense pricing and competitive pressure in the HCV market. Though Humira is doing well, the company is concerned about the product’s long-term prospects owing to the potential biosimilar competition. Estimates remained stable ahead of the company’s Q2 earnings release. AbbVie has had a mixed record of earnings surprises in the recent quarters. " (7/13/2017)
2. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "ABBV's IPR with CHRS will be heard this week, which looks challenging in light of the prior institution decision. However, the market already expects ABBV to lose and we do not see the '135 patent alone as critical to delaying biosimilars, indicating positive asymmetry in our view. We look at the key IPR arguments as well as the risk/ reward around the decision expected in May as we prepare to attend the hearing." (2/14/2017)
3. Argus analysts commented, "strong" second quarter earnings print.The analysts noted that not only were AbbVie's results driven by sales of Humira and Imbruvica, but its pipeline also "strengthened" following the acquisition of Stemcentrix and a partnership with Boehringer Ingelheim for the commercial rights of a new immunology drug that is in a late stage trial.The analysts also stated that the earnings print confirmed Imbruvica's "rapid acceptance" which bodes well for future sales.  Coupled with the Venclexta drug, AbbVie boasts two "powerful drugs" to treat first- and second-line CLL and other hematogical malignancies.Related Link: Investors Cheer AbbVie's Q2 Numbers, ForecastThe analysts also stated that AbbVie's stock is "attractively valued" at just 11.2x their 2017 earnings per share estimate, which is "well below" the average multiple of 14.5 of other companies under Argus' coverage.Finally, the analysts boosted their full-year 2016 adjusted earnings per share estimate to $4.84 from $4.80 and their 2017 earnings per share estimate to $5.95 from $5.90."The company has strengthened its product portfolio and pipeline through several deals over the past 12 months, and continues to post strong sales of Humira, aided by new indications," (8/8/2016)




Are investors shorting AbbVie?

AbbVie saw a drop in short interest in July. As of July 14th, there was short interest totalling 20,721,827 shares,  a drop of 15.1% from the June 30th total of 24,405,917 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 4,123,053 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 5.0 days. Approximately 1.3% of the shares of the company are sold short. 



Who are some of AbbVie's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to AbbVie include ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC), Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK), Indivior PLC (INDV), Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN), Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A. (AAAP), Repligen Corporation (RGEN), TherapeuticsMD (TXMD), TherapeuticsMD (TXMD), Aimmune Therapeutics (AIMT), Eagle Pharmaceuticals (EGRX), Rockwell Medical (RMTI), Assembly Biosciences (ASMB), NOVAN INC (NOVN), Check-Cap (CHEK), CorMedix (CRMD), DARA Biosciences (DARA), Macrocure Ltd (MCUR) and Salix Pharmaceuticals (SLXP).



Who are AbbVie's key executives?

AbbVie's management team includes the folowing people: Richard A. Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerWilliam J. Chase, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial OfficerMichael Severino M.D., Executive Vice President - Research & Development, Chief Scientific OfficerLaura J. Schumacher, Executive Vice President, External Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate SecretaryCarlos Alban, Executive Vice President - Commercial OperationsHenry O. Gosebruch, Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy OfficerTimothy J. Richmond, Senior Vice President - Human ResourcesAzita Saleki-Gerhardt Ph.D., Senior Vice President - OperationsRobert A. Michael, Vice President, ControllerRobert J. Alpern M.D., Independent Director



Who owns AbbVie stock?

AbbVie's stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include US Bancorp DE (0.18%), Bank of Montreal Can (0.13%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.10%), Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. (0.09%), Great West Life Assurance Co. Can (0.09%) and NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. (0.09%). Company insiders that own AbbVie stock include Carlos Alban, Laura J Schumacher, Richard A Gonzalez, Robert A Michael, Thomas A Hurwich, Timothy J Richmond and William J Chase. View Institutional Ownership Trends for AbbVie.



Who sold AbbVie stock? Who is selling AbbVie stock?

AbbVie's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including APG Asset Management N.V., Strs Ohio, Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC, Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can, Russell Investments Group Ltd., Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT and Breton Hill Capital Ltd.. Company insiders that have sold AbbVie stock in the last year include Carlos Alban, Laura J Schumacher, Richard A Gonzalez, Robert A Michael, Timothy J Richmond and William J Chase. View Insider Buying and Selling for AbbVie.



Who bought AbbVie stock? Who is buying AbbVie stock?

AbbVie's stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., ING Groep NV, Pennsylvania Trust Co, National Pension Service, GW&K Investment Management LLC, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC and Harbour Capital Advisors LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for AbbVie.



How do I buy AbbVie stock? 

Shares of AbbVie can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is AbbVie's stock price today?

One share of AbbVie stock can currently be purchased for approximately $71.73.


MarketBeat Community Rating for AbbVie (NYSE ABBV)Community Ranking:  3.3 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  548 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  280 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  828MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about AbbVie and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 7 Hold Ratings, 5 Buy Ratings, 1 Strong Buy RatingConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.54)Consensus Price Target: $74.58 (3.98% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/20/2017Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingNeutral$65.00 -> $74.00Medium7/17/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingHold$65.00 -> $66.00Low7/17/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$92.00 -> $94.00Low6/22/2017Leerink SwannReiterated RatingMarket PerformLow6/22/2017Societe GeneraleUpgradeHold -> BuyLow5/17/2017BMO Capital MarketsReiterated RatingMarket Perform$66.00Low3/11/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)UpgradeBuy -> Conviction-Buy$74.00 -> $80.00N/A12/8/2016William BlairReiterated RatingOutperform$76.00N/A11/28/2016Citigroup Inc.DowngradeBuy -> Neutral$60.00N/A9/8/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoDowngradeOverweight -> Neutral$75.00 -> $73.00N/A9/1/2016Raymond James Financial, Inc.Initiated CoverageOutperform$82.00N/A8/8/2016ArgusReiterated RatingBuy$85.00N/A8/2/2016Barclays PLCReiterated RatingEqual Weight$68.00N/A6/8/2016Morgan StanleyDowngradeOverweight -> Equal Weight$73.00 -> $65.00N/A6/6/2016Cowen and CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market Perform$77.00 -> $70.00N/A12/18/2015Atlantic SecuritiesInitiated CoverageNeutral$59.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)Earnings History by Quarter for AbbVie (NYSE ABBV)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/28/2017Q2 2017$1.40N/A4/27/2017Q1 2017$1.26$1.28$6.49 billion$6.54 billionViewN/A1/27/2017Q416$1.20$1.20$6.92 billion$6.78 billionViewListen10/28/2016Q316$1.21$1.21$6.55 billion$6.43 billionViewListen7/29/2016Q216$1.20$1.26$6.20 billion$6.43 billionViewListen4/28/2016Q116$1.14$1.15$6.03 billion$5.96 billionViewListen1/29/2016Q415$1.12$1.13$6.41 billion$6.36 billionViewListen10/30/2015Q315$1.08$1.13$5.90 billion$4.94 billionViewListen7/24/2015Q215$1.06$1.08$5.60 billion$5.48 billionViewListen4/23/2015Q115$0.85$0.94$718.50 million$5.04 billionViewListen1/30/2015Q414$0.86$0.89$5.34 billion$5.45 billionViewListen10/31/2014Q3$0.77$0.89$4.82 million$5.02 millionViewListen7/25/2014Q214$0.76$0.82$4.70 billion$4.93 billionViewListen4/25/2014Q114$0.68$0.71$4.33 billion$4.56 billionViewListen1/31/2014Q413$0.82$0.82$5.10 billion$5.11 billionViewListen10/25/2013Q313$0.78$0.82$4.52 billion$4.66 billionViewListen7/26/2013Q2 2013$0.79$0.92$4.54 billion$4.69 billionViewListen4/26/2013Q1 2013$0.67$0.68$4.17 billion$4.33 billionViewListen(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $5.52 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.55 EPS


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)Next Dividend:8/15/2017Annual Dividend:$2.56Dividend Yield:3.57%Dividend Growth:12.50% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:66.32% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  46.38% (Based on This Year's Estimates)39.08% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:44 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for AbbVie (NYSE ABBV)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date6/23/2017quarterly$0.643.52%7/12/20177/14/20178/15/20172/17/2017quarterly$0.644.14%4/11/20174/13/20175/15/201710/28/2016quarterly$0.644.44%1/11/20171/13/20172/15/20179/12/2016quarterly$0.573.56%10/12/201610/14/201611/15/20166/17/2016quarterly$0.573.8%7/13/20167/15/20168/15/20162/19/2016quarterly$0.574.2%4/13/20164/15/20165/16/201611/2/2015quarterly$0.573.6%1/13/20161/15/20162/16/20169/14/2015quarterly$0.513.46%10/13/201510/15/201511/14/20156/19/2015quarterly$0.512.94%7/13/20157/15/20158/14/20152/20/2015quarterly$0.513.33%4/13/20154/15/20155/15/201510/20/2014quarterly$0.493.48%1/13/20151/15/20152/13/20159/19/2014quarterly$0.422.86%10/10/201410/15/201411/17/20146/19/2014quarterly$0.423.15%7/11/20147/15/20148/15/20142/20/2014quarterly$0.423.29%4/11/20144/15/20145/15/201412/12/2013quarterly$0.403.06%1/13/20141/15/20142/14/20149/19/2013quarterly$0.403.34%10/10/201310/15/201311/15/20136/20/2013quarterly$0.403.75%7/11/20137/15/20138/15/20132/15/2013quarterly$0.404.19%4/11/20134/15/20135/15/20131/7/2013special$0.401/11/20131/15/20132/15/20131/4/2013quarterly$0.401/15/20132/15/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.23%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 68.08%Insider Trades by Quarter for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/14/2017Carlos AlbanEVPSell45,800$70.00$3,206,000.00  6/14/2017Laura J SchumacherInsiderSell79,800$70.00$5,586,000.00  5/19/2017Richard A GonzalezChairmanSell71,235$65.49$4,665,180.15  5/18/2017William J ChaseCFOSell38,300$65.35$2,502,905.00  5/4/2017Carlos AlbanEVPSell43,000$67.00$2,881,000.00  3/10/2017Laura J SchumacherInsiderSell40,000$65.26$2,610,400.00  3/10/2017Robert A MichaelVPSell5,132$65.29$335,068.28  3/10/2017Timothy J RichmondSVPSell22,451$65.29$1,465,825.79  3/8/2017Richard A GonzalezChairmanSell72,016$64.25$4,627,028.00  12/2/2016William J ChaseCFOSell6,600$59.19$390,654.00  9/7/2016Laura J SchumacherInsiderSell50,000$65.00$3,250,000.00  6/24/2016Laura J SchumacherEVPSell186,106$60.03$11,171,943.18  6/2/2016Richard A GonzalezCEOSell285,953$63.82$18,249,520.46  5/11/2016Richard A GonzalezCEOSell39,000$63.80$2,488,200.00  5/10/2016Carlos AlbanEVPSell47,438$63.52$3,013,261.76  5/10/2016Thomas A HurwichVPSell6,000$63.59$381,540.00  5/10/2016Timothy J RichmondSVPSell21,583$63.52$1,370,952.16  3/8/2016Laura J SchumacherEVPSell25,000$56.09$1,402,250.00  3/1/2016Timothy J RichmondSVPSell12,866$55.05$708,273.30  4/28/2015Richard A GonzalezCEOSell102,964$64.67$6,658,681.88  3/2/2015Laura J SchumacherEVPSell25,000$60.30$1,507,500.00  3/2/2015Timothy J RichmondSVPSell14,388$60.33$868,028.04  12/22/2014William J ChaseCFOSell8,495$68.00$577,660.00  3/4/2014Richard GonzalezCEOSell4,799$51.20$245,708.80  3/3/2014Azita Saleki-GerhardtSVPSell2,443$50.25$122,760.75  3/3/2014Carlos AlbanEVPSell2,882$50.09$144,359.38  3/3/2014William ChaseCFOSell3,948$50.22$198,268.56  9/17/2013Azita Saleki-GerhardtSVPSell10,473$45.84$480,082.32  8/19/2013Azita Saleki-GerhardtSVPSell1,270$43.01$54,622.70  8/12/2013Azita Saleki-GerhardtSVPSell8,851$44.91$397,498.41  3/11/2013Edward J RappDirectorBuy2,500$37.67$94,175.00  2/4/2013Frederick H WaddellDirectorBuy2,000$37.05$74,100.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)


Latest Headlines for AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineContrasting AbbVie (ABBV) and Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 8:11 PMAbbVie Sees Unusually High Options Volume (ABBV)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 7:56 AMGilead Sciences Has 3 Available Options, but Only 1 Makes Sensefinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 8:17 PMAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters Wrong - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 25 at 3:16 PMAbbVie Several Candidates to Replace Humira in the Pipelinefinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 3:16 PMAbbVie Ordered To Pay $150 Mln In AndroGel Lawsuitwww.rttnews.com - July 25 at 12:03 AMSeeger Weiss LLP Reports: Chicago Jury Finds AbbVie Fraudulently Marketed AndroGel to Injured Oregon Man; Awards $150 Million in Punitive Damageswww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 12:03 AMAbbVie Ordered to Pay $150 Million in AndroGel Lawsuitwww.wsj.com - July 25 at 12:03 AMSeeger Weiss LLP Reports: Chicago Jury Finds AbbVie Fraudulently Marketed AndroGel to Injured Oregon Man ... - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 24 at 7:01 PMAbbVie Ordered to Pay $150 Million Damages in 'Low-T' Trial - Bloombergwww.bloomberg.com - July 24 at 7:01 PMAbbVie Ordered to Pay $150 Million Damages in ‘Low-T’ Trialfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:01 PMWhy Reata Pharmaceuticals Is Rallying 17.5% Todayfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:01 PMU.S. jury finds AbbVie liable for misrepresentation in AndroGel verdictfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:01 PM[$$] AbbVie Ordered to Pay $150 Million in AndroGel Lawsuitfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:01 PMThese 5 Drugs Could Be Worth $45 Billion -- and They're Not Even on the Market Yetfinance.yahoo.com - July 23 at 3:15 PM3 Stocks That Are Absurdly Cheap Right Nowfinance.yahoo.com - July 23 at 3:15 PMBetter Buy: AbbVie Inc. vs. Johnson & Johnson -- The Motley Fool - Motley Foolwww.fool.com - July 22 at 8:19 PMBetter Buy: AbbVie Inc. vs. Johnson & Johnsonfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 3:16 PMAbbVie Inc's. (ABBV) Q2 Earnings: Disappointment in Store? - Nasdaq - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 21 at 9:30 PMAbbVie Inc's. (ABBV) Q2 Earnings: Disappointment in Store?finance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 9:30 PMAbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 4:59 PMAbbVie Inc's. (ABBV) Q2 Earnings: Disappointment in Store?www.zacks.com - July 21 at 4:28 PMAbbVie Receives CHMP Positive Opinion for HUMIRA® (adalimumab) for the Treatment of Pediatric Patients with Chronic Non-infectious Anterior Uveitisfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:27 PMAbbVie Inc. (ABBV) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Fridaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 7:02 AMAbbVie loses bid to overturn $15 million Depakote injury verdict - Reuterswww.reuters.com - July 21 at 1:26 AMVetr Inc. Lowers AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) to Holdwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 12:44 AMCramer's charts reveal that technology isn't the only sector driving the rallyfinance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 8:26 PMAbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 9:06 AMTop Marijuana Stocks that Pay Dividendswww.investopedia.com - July 19 at 3:20 PMGilead's HCV Portfolio Receives a Boost With Vosevi Approvalfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 3:20 PMGilead Sciences: Not a Game Changerfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 3:20 PMHow AbbVie Could Hammer Gilead's Hepatitis C Franchisefinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 3:20 PMAbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interestwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 7:04 AMCramer's charts reveal that technology isn't the only sector driving the rallyfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 8:23 PMCramer's charts reveal that technology isn't the only sec...finance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 8:23 PMThis Drug Bellwether's Sales Miss Actually Bodes Well For The Sectorfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 3:21 PMCritical Analysis: Repligen Corporation (RGEN) and AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 9:41 AM'Stars Align' For These Biotechs To Crush Earnings Consensusfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 3:24 PMAbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Receives "Hold" Rating from Deutsche Bank AGwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 1:44 PMProfessional Advisory Services Inc Buys Facebook Inc, TJX Inc, US Bancorp, Sells Verizon ...www.nasdaq.com - July 14 at 10:12 PMAbbVie Inc (ABBV) Stock Isn't Done Charting New Highs Yet - Investorplace.cominvestorplace.com - July 14 at 5:08 PMAbbVie Inc (ABBV) Stock Isn’t Done Charting New Highs Yetfinance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 5:08 PMAbbVie Inc (ABBV) Stock Isn’t Done Charting New Highs Yetinvestorplace.com - July 14 at 2:43 PM$6.92 Billion in Sales Expected for AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 12:28 PMTraders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on AbbVie (ABBV)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 7:34 AMTop Stock Reports for Boeing, AbbVie & U.S. Bancorpfinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 8:46 PMAbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Lifted to "Hold" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 4:52 PMAbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.40 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 6:29 PMAmgen Gets FDA Nod to Broaden Leukemia Drug Blincyto's Labelfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 3:16 PMThe Top Dividend-Growing Healthcare and Industrials Stocksfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 3:16 PM


Social





Chart
AbbVie (ABBV) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.
















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home » Newsletters
Penobscot Newsletter for 2nd Quarter 2017


Stocks (Total Return)Closing PriceSecond Quarter1 Year3 Years (Annualized)5 Years
(Annualized)
 Dow Jones Industrial
Average213504.0%22.1%11.0%13.5%Standard & Poor
500 Index24233.1%17.9%9.6%14.6% Barclay's
Capital Aggregate Bond Index0.7%-1.3%1.6%  1.1%
(Sources: FT Interactive Data, WSJ, S&P 500; Past performance is not indicative of future results.)
Picking up from our first quarter observation that the lengthy bull market felt like it was in extra innings, second quarter gains have extended the game further. Recording one of the best first half performances in recent years, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P500 indices were up 9%. The NASDAQ composite is 14% higher since the beginning of the year reflecting its 44% technology allocation.
Considerable media attention has been given to exchange traded funds. The intended benefits for investors are diversification and lower costs. However, the expansion of products which compete effectively with mutual funds has made it anything but easy for investors to make sound choices. In fact, the Wall Street Journal reported on June 20th that “the indexes have mutated from measures of the market into primitive investing algorithms, with sometimes odd effects”. Known as multi-factor exchange traded funds, these securities reflect a combination of index tracking with other valuation and momentum measures. Especially at a time of record high stock market prices, exchange traded funds may not be easily liquidated in a market downturn without having a destabilizing effect on market prices.
At Penobscot, we use exchange traded funds in response to specific investment priorities such as emerging markets for which diversification with individual securities may be difficult to achieve except on a large scale. Our experience and judgement is that a carefully structured portfolio of high quality dividend paying common stocks is preferable to a basket of securities which might include securities that are inconsistent with the goals and objectives of our clients. We prefer knowing what securities we own to leaving that decision to others.
The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates three times since December. There is consensus that we should expect additional increases in the foreseeable future. Despite the trend of rising interest rates, the 10-year US Treasury yield has fallen to 2.3% from 2.7% last November. Investor sentiment reflecting stagnating economic growth and overstated concerns about inflation have driven up prices of fixed income securities for the time being. Consistent federal budget deficits are a worrisome long-term trend especially with the Federal Reserve policy to increase interest rates. There will be continuing apprehension about a monetary policy advocating higher interest rates that may strengthen the dollar but could increase federal deficits with higher interest costs and adversely affect domestic economic growth.
A stronger dollar is a benefit to US consumers as imported goods are more favorably priced, but a strong dollar also makes US exports less competitive. China has tried with limited success to balance the devaluation of its currency to benefit its export economy without diminishing growth in domestic consumption. The collapsing price of oil while of benefit to US consumers and businesses underlies larger global economic problems in oil producing countries. Complex global factors such as these along with rising interest rates worldwide, random terrorist activity and partisan politics represent uncertainties for which unstable markets may be the natural outcome in the months ahead.
We would like to reemphasize our point of view that balanced and diversified portfolios of high quality dividend-paying securities are a sound investment strategy especially in uncertain times.  Cash dividends provide current income, additional investment capital and a meaningful component of total return. Dividend increases are the result of real earnings growth, and companies with long records of consistent earnings and dividend growth earn higher valuations from investors over time. Tempered expectations for market appreciation during the remainder of 2017 may be justified given above average returns in recent years. As we look forward, companies with strong balance sheets, positive cash flow and steady earnings and dividend growth will continue to form the core of portfolios managed by Penobscot.
From all of us at Penobscot, we wish you a happy, healthy and relaxing summer.   




NEWSLETTER DOWNLOADSFirst Quarter 2017
Fourth Quarter 2016
Third Quarter 2016
Second Quarter 2016
Today’s Stock Activity  
 

















Penobscot provides investment management and trustee services to individuals, families, retirement plans and nonprofit organizations.
















































































Penobscot Investment Management Company, Inc. ~ 50 Congress Street, Suite 410, Boston, MA 02109 ~ Tel: 617.227.3111 








 Home » Our Team
Our Team
Management Team

 
Colleen C. Barry
Portfolio Manager
Prior to joining Penobscot, Colleen was a Fixed Income Product Manager at Eaton Vance, a mutual fund company based in Boston.  Before joining Eaton Vance, she was with Brown Brothers Harriman.  Colleen is a CFA Level III candidate and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Massachusetts Amherst before earning a Master of Business Administration at Babson College.  Colleen is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a member of Dana-Farber's Leadership Council.  Colleen has competitively run several marathons; her most memorable taking place in Clonakilty, Ireland where she was the women’s champion.





 
Eugene H. Clapp
Co-Founder, Portfolio Manager
Gene is one of the founders of Penobscot Investment Management. His extensive
industry experience includes managing portfolios for families and institutions for
more than 25 years. Prior to forming Penobscot, Gene held financial and management
positions at Pfizer, Inc. in Boston and New York. He currently serves as a Corporate
Member of Partners HealthCare System and as a Trustee of Partners Continuing
Care, Inc. He is also a Director of the Conservation Law Foundation
of New England and Director of the National Rowing Foundation. A member of the Boston Security Analysts Society, Gene graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania before earning a Master of Business Administration at the University of Chicago. A member of the 1972 Olympic rowing team, he is still involved with rowing and non-profit organizations in his Boston neighborhood.





 
Daniel B. Ford III
Portfolio Manager
Dan has been an Investment Advisor and Portfolio Manager for almost 16 years.  Prior to joining Penobscot, he founded Rock Harbor Management, a Cape Cod-based investment firm. His years before Rock Harbor were spent in media, where he produced and directed corporate videos and worked on documentaries in Europe and Russia.  Currently, he is the Treasurer for a non-profit children's sailing program in York, Maine and has served as a Director for the Dover Foundation, the Grenville Education Foundation and was a member of the Finance Committee for the Town of Orleans.  Dan graduated from Yale University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society.





 
Douglas E. Hart
Co-Founder, Portfolio Manager
Prior to forming Penobscot with Gene Clapp, Doug was a Principal and Portfolio Manager with Marsh & Cunningham, Inc., an investment management firm in Boston. Before joining Marsh & Cunningham, Inc. he was with Kidder Peabody & Co.  In addition, he is an Honorary Trustee of both the Emma Willard School in Troy, New York and Plimoth Plantation, a Director and President of The Wildlands Trust of Plymouth, Massachusetts and a member of the Boston Economics Club.  He also serves on the presidential scientific advisory committee for the Claudia Adams Barr Program in Innovative Basic Cancer Research at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. Doug is a graduate of the Boston University School of Management with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and has run eleven marathons in Boston and San Francisco.





 
Charles F. "Cap" Kane, Jr.
Portfolio Manager
Cap has four decades of experience advising individual investors and managing their porfolios. Before joining Penobscot, he spent 33 years in the securities industry, serving as a Vice President of Kidder Peabody & Co., a First Vice President of Tucker Anthony and most recently, as a Partner in the Loring Gifford Kane Group at Merrill Lynch. Cap is a former Chair of the investment committee for the Trustees of Reservations, a current Director and Treasurer of the Buchanan Family Foundation of Chicago and a current member of the investment committee for the Duxbury Bay Maritime School. A graduate of Babson College with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance Administration, Cap enjoys rowing, running and skiing.





 
Jonathan R. Phillips
Portfolio Manager
For over four decades, Jon has managed portfolios for individual clients, charitable
organizations and multi-generational trusts. He joined Penobscot after 25 years with
Fiduciary Trust Company in Boston, where he served as both a Vice President and a
member of the company’s Board of Directors. His extensive experience includes
many years working with estate planning attorneys throughout New England, as
well as numerous positions on local civic and charitable boards. He is also the past
President of the Rotch Traveling Scholarship, the oldest and most prestigious scholarship for young architects in the United States. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and American Literature from Brown University. Jon served for 14 months in the infantry in Vietnam, during which time he was awarded the Bronze Star for Heroism, the Purple Heart and the Air Medal. An avid outdoor sportsman, Jon has hunted and fished all over New England and is the author of a book about bird hunting.




Operations Team

 
Martha Silber Hathaway
Director of Operations & Administration
Martha joined the Penobscot team in 2015 and is responsible for the Operations and Administrative side of the firm. Prior to her current role, she served in senior financial and operational roles at the National Center on Time and Learning and Lotus Development Corporation and oversaw bookkeeping and house management for a private individual. Martha earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas. At home, Martha and her family garden organically, raise chickens and keep bees.





 
Kerry Janas
Senior Client Services Administrator & Head Trader
Kerry joined the Penobscot team in 2016. Prior to her current role, she worked as a Trust Administrator for 15 years. She has over 25 years of experience servicing clients and their families on a wide range of matters including tax and estate planning, investments, life insurance and real estate. Kerry earned an Associate of Applied Science degree in Business Management from Bay State College. In her spare time, Kerry enjoys hiking, biking and traveling with her family.





 
Alessandra Lastih
Client Services Administrator
Alessandra joined the Penobscot team in 2016. Prior to her current role, she worked at Morgan Stanley as a Client Service Associate. Alessandra earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and a minor in Business Administration from Northeastern University. In her spare time, Alessandra enjoys hiking, tennis, and spending time with her family and friends.





 
Kristin Nicholson
Senior Compliance & Operations Administrator
Kristin joined the Penobscot team in 2014.  Prior to her current role, she worked at Fidelity Investments as a Trust Administrator and, most recently, as a Senior Business Analyst.  Her experience includes account and trust administration, client service, financial accounting and business analysis.  Kristin earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Skidmore College and a Master of Business Administration from the Boston University School of Management.  In her spare time, Kristin enjoys biking, skiing and cooking for her family and friends.








 

Quick Contact 
 Operations Team ~
admin@pimboston.com ~
Fax: 617-227-7467Management Team ~
pim@pimboston.com Colleen Barry ~
617-337-2939 ~
cbarry@pimboston.comEugene Clapp ~
617-337-2936 ~
geneclapp@pimboston.com Daniel Ford ~ 
617-337-2932 ~
danford@pimboston.comMartha Hathaway ~
617-337-2942 ~
mhathaway@pimboston.com Douglas Hart ~
617-337-2933 ~
doughart@pimboston.comKerry Janas ~
617-337-2940  ~
kjanas@pimboston.com Charles (Cap) Kane, Jr. ~
617-337-2931 ~
capkane@pimboston.comAlessandra Lastih ~
617-337-2941 ~
alastih@pimboston.com Kristin Nicholson ~
617-337-2930 ~
knicholson@pimboston.comJon Phillips ~
617-337-2937 ~
jonphillips@pimboston.com
 














