



How Dr. Pepper Develops Drink Flavors - Business Insider



































 





 




































































































Retail























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Dr Pepper's Product Genius Explains How New Soda Flavors Are Created












Kim Bhasin














Sep. 27, 2012,  6:46 PM



5,778




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Wikimedia




  Dr. David Thomas is a flavor genius.


  Thomas is the executive vice president of research and
  development at Dr Pepper Snapple Group, and he's in charge of
  creating the next big-time products for the beverage giant.


  "Taste is king," Thomas told us. "We know that. So what we really
  need to do is create products that start with the consumer and
  end with the consumer."


  It's all about connecting the science and technology that the
  company has developed with the insights it has learned about what
  people want.


  To come up with a product like Dr Pepper Cherry, Thomas said that
  they may put 40 prototypes together, then test all the
  qualitative and quantitative data they can get. Then there's the
  descriptive analysis, with the feedback going back to developers.
  Then comes location tests and tests with consumers.


  Finally, they narrow it down to the top five, and ultimately
  whittle it down to the final one, which gets launched.


  It's an incredibly complex world, assured Thomas. To get a
  feel for what it takes to get the job done, all you have to do is
  look at Thomas, his staff and their facilities.





Dr. David Thomas, EVP of
  R&D at Dr Pepper Snapple Group
Courtesy of Dr. Pepper




  Thomas' background is in ingredients. He has a masters and a PhD
  in food science, and knows all about "flavor biochemistry."


  He has a team of "flavorists." These are scientists trained in
  the flavor industry, which Thomas described as a "blending of art
  and science." They help put the actual flavors together.


  There are also "sensory scientists," who lead the analysis of the
  products regarding consumer preferences and tasting. Products get
  their own lexicons, because the analysts need to be consistent
  when describing flavors.


  The R&D site is right inside the Dr Pepper Snapple Group
  headquarters in Plano, TX, which is valuable because it lets the
  team respond nimbly, said Thomas.


  And there's even a state-of-the-art pilot plant with the ability
  to emulate all the commercial-scale processes needed ensure that
  a product can be made on a large scale — a fundamentally
  important part of a product launch. On the other side of the wall
  there's a major, full-scale manufacturing center where they can
  do trials when the product is deemed ready.


  "Quality by manufacturing meets quality by design," said Thomas.
  "It's pretty easy to put a beverage together in a beaker, but
  it's another thing when there's a 100-gallon batch tank."




Dr Pepper



  The latest breakthrough for Thomas and his team involves the
  company's line of 10-calorie beverages. The first of them, Dr
  Pepper TEN, has seen success since hitting the market in 2011.


  Dr Pepper has "cracked the code" on "no aftertaste and more
  full-bodied mouth feel," declares Thomas proudly.


  "We hear it all the time that we've got great tasting diet — one
  of the best tasting diets," he says. "We know there's new
  technology being developed. That we can make advancements."


  Something like Dr Pepper TEN — and its in-testing 10-cal
  compatriots 7-Up, Sunkist, A&W, Canada Dry and RC — needs to
  be marketed very carefully though.


  "We're trying to thread the needle with [Dr Pepper TEN]," says
  Thomas. 


  That drink had a male-oriented marketing campaign that attempted
  to get men away from thinking of a low-calorie offering as
  "diet." The new 10-cal drinks will be marketed to a broader
  audience.


NOW SEE: 16
  Failed Soda Brands You'll Never See Again >






            More:

                                                        Dr Pepper
Innovation
Research and Development
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Dr Pepper's Product Genius Explains How New Soda Flavors Are Created
Dr Pepper's Product Genius Explains How New Soda Flavors Are Created

An incredibly complex process.




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Retail Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 













































David M Pepper's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up David M Pepper#363692@pepper_dave108Following123FollowersFollow1 UpvoteMovebubbleLet our property search assistants find you a home to rent.iPhone+ 1 save 15 1Share this profile









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dr Pepper - Wikipedia




















 







Dr Pepper

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Dr Pepper (disambiguation).

Dr Pepper




Type
Soft drink


Manufacturer
Dr Pepper Snapple Group (2008–present; United States only)
The Coca-Cola Company (Europe only)
PepsiCo (Canada and Oceania only)


Distributor
Dr Pepper Snapple Group


Country of origin
United States


Introduced
1885


Color
Caramel


Flavor
Pepper-style carbonated soft drink


Variants


List



Heritage Dr Pepper (original recipe variant without corn syrup)
Pepper Free (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Diet Caffeine Free Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper Red Fusion (Discontinued)
Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Dr Pepper Berries & Cream (Discontinued)
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (Discontinued)
Dr Pepper Cherry
Diet Dr Pepper Cherry
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar"
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float
Cherry Dr Pepper Zero
Dr Pepper TEN







Related products
Pibb Xtra
Dr. Wells
Dr Thunder



Nutrition facts

Serving size 12 fl oz (355 ml)


Servings per container 1





Amount per serving


Calories 150[1]
Calories from fat 0





% Daily value*


Total fat 0 g
0%


   Saturated fat 0 g
0%


   Trans fat 0 g


Cholesterol 0 mg
0%


Sodium 55 mg
2%


Potassium 0 mg
0%


Total carbohydrate 40 g
13%


   Dietary fiber 0 g
0%


   Sugars 40 g


Protein 0 g





Vitamin A
0%
     Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
0%
     Iron
0%





*Percent daily values are based on a 2,000‑calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor. The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885. Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good. Variants include a version without high fructose corn syrup, Diet Dr Pepper, as well as a line of additional flavors, first introduced in the 2000s.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Name

1.1.1 Name formatting


1.2 Legal and trade history


2 Varieties

2.1 Dietary brands
2.2 Flavor variations
2.3 Sweeteners


3 Distribution
4 Other products
5 Marketing

5.1 Slogans
5.2 Dr Pepper Girl
5.3 Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America


6 Dr Pepper Museum
7 Dr Pepper Capital of the World
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History




Charles C. Alderton, the originator of Dr Pepper.


The U.S. Patent Office recognizes December 1, 1885, as the first time Dr Pepper was served.[citation needed] It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year.




Dr Pepper ad from 1913.


It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas.[1] To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco".[2] Alderton gave the formula to Morrison, who named it Dr. Pepper (later stylized as "Dr Pepper").
As with Coca-Cola, the formula for Dr Pepper is a trade secret, and allegedly the recipe is kept as two halves in safe deposit boxes in two separate Dallas banks.[3] A persistent rumor since the 1930s is that the drink contains prune juice,[3] but the official Dr Pepper FAQ refutes this with "Dr Pepper is a unique blend of natural and artificial flavors; it does not contain prune juice."[1] The origin of the rumor is unknown; some believe it was started by a deliveryman for a competitor trying to cast aspersions based on prune juice's laxative effects,[3] but it may simply be because many people feel that Dr Pepper's unique flavor tastes similar to prune juice.[4][5][6][7]
Name
Theories abound about the origins of the soft drink's name. One conjecture is the "pep" refers to pepsin. In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.[8] Several sheets and letterheads hinted it had come from the W.B. Morrison & Co. Old Corner Drug Store (the same store where Dr Pepper was first served in 1885) and faded letters on the book's cover spelled out "Castles Formulas". John Castles was a partner of Morrison's for a time and worked at that location as early as 1880. One recipe in the book titled "D Peppers Pepsin Bitters" was of particular interest, and some speculated it could be an early recipe for Dr Pepper. However, Dr Pepper Snapple Group insists it is not the formula for Dr Pepper, but is instead a medicinal recipe for a digestive aid. The book was put up for auction in May 2009, but no one purchased it.[9]
Like many early sodas, the drink was marketed as a brain tonic and energizing pick-me-up, so another theory holds that it was named for the pep it supposedly gave to users.
Others believe the drink was named after a real Dr. Pepper. One candidate is Dr. Charles T. Pepper of Rural Retreat, Virginia, who may have been so honored by Morrison either for having granted him permission to marry Dr. Pepper's daughter, or in gratitude to Pepper for having given Morrison his first job. However, Morrison lived nearly 50 miles from Rural Retreat, and Pepper's daughter was only eight years old at the time Morrison moved to Waco.
Another possibility is Dr. Pepper of Christiansburg, Virginia.[10] U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. One of the following pages of this census supposedly shows a Dr. Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, age 16. Since census takers of the period were walking door to door, and their census entries were on following pages, it seems likely that Morrison and the family of Dr. Pepper did not live very far from each other.
Name formatting




Glass bottle of Dr Pepper featuring the 1970s logo


The period (full stop) after "Dr" was discarded for stylistic and legibility reasons in the 1950s. Dr Pepper's logo was redesigned and the text in this new logo was slanted. The period made "Dr." look like "Di:". After having been used intermittently in previous logos, followed by some debate, the period was removed permanently.[11]
Legal and trade history
In 1951, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for US$750,000, asserting that nickel Coca-Colas were sold below cost and were a restraint of trade.[12]
In 1972, Dr Pepper sued the Coca-Cola company for trademark infringement based on a soft drink marketed by Coca-Cola called "Peppo".[13] They tried naming it Dr. Pibb, which was also determined to violate the trademark. The soft drink was later renamed Mr Pibb.
Dr Pepper became insolvent in the early 1980s, prompting an investment group to take the company private. Several years later, Coca-Cola attempted to acquire Dr Pepper, but was blocked from doing so by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Around the same time, Seven Up was acquired from Phillip Morris by the same investment company that bailed out Dr Pepper. Upon the failure of the Coca-Cola merger, Dr Pepper and Seven Up merged (creating Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc., or DPSU), giving up international branding rights in the process. After the DPSU merger, Coca-Cola obtained most non-US rights to the Dr Pepper name (with PepsiCo taking the Seven Up rights).[14]
Dr Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States. As part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr Pepper is a "pepper" flavored drink and not a "cola". In 1995, the FTC blocked a merger between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper on grounds that included concerns about a monopoly of the "pepper" flavor category of soft drinks.[15] In 1996, Dr Pepper was involved in an antitrust case involving Jerry Jones, the Dallas Cowboys, NFL Properties, Nike, and other commercial interests active at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.[16] Jones had made deals with Dr Pepper and the other companies that, the league said, violated their exclusive marketing contracts with Coca-Cola and other businesses. The NFL agreed to allow Jones and other teams to pursue their own agreements.[16]
In 1998, the "pepper" flavor soda category was a major part of the analysis supporting an antitrust case between Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
Varieties
Dietary brands

Dietetic Dr Pepper was introduced in 1962 (cans) and 1963 (bottles). Sales were slow partly due to the public misconception that the drink was for diabetics, and in 1966, the company renamed the product Sugar Free Dr Pepper.[17] The name was changed to Diet Dr Pepper in 1987. In 1991, Diet Dr Pepper was reformulated to use aspartame, according to Cadbury Schweppes. Diet Dr Pepper, after posting a 6.4% gain in sales volume, became the 10th best-selling soda in 2006 according to Beverage Digest magazine.[18] From 1991 to 2006, the beverage was marketed using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like Regular Dr Pepper." In 2006, a new marketing campaign was launched comparing the taste of Diet Dr Pepper to desserts instead of regular Dr Pepper with the slogan "There's nothing diet about it."[19]
Pepper Free (1982–1985) was first introduced to test markets in 1982 as a caffeine-free version of Diet Dr Pepper, citing company research that indicated a need for a product to fill a niche for the health-conscious consumer.[20] Originally introduced in only six states,[21] the Pepper Free brand lasted for only three years, and was phased out in 1985.[22] While a caffeine-free dietetic product continues to be produced under various name permutations, the reason for pulling the Pepper Free brand are unknown, but could have been due to confusion with the rival "Pepsi Free" brand (currently "Caffeine-Free Pepsi").
Caffeine Free Dr Pepper (not diet) was first released in 1983 due to the success of Pepper Free.[23][contradictory]
Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of Dr Pepper, was released in 2011. This version retained the taste of regular Dr Pepper, but with 10 calories per serving.[24] It was marketed toward men, featuring a gunmetal-gray color scheme, industrial rivets, and bold font, and the tagline "It's Not for Women."[25][26]

Flavor variations

Dr Pepper Red Fusion (2002–2004) was available only in the US. The predominantly cherry-flavored, red-colored Red Fusion was the first new flavor added to the Dr Pepper family of beverages in the company's 122-year history. Its production was essentially canceled less than a year later, although in certain areas it was available until late 2004.
Dr Pepper Cherry Vanilla (began 2004) was released in some areas on October 15, 2004. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry and vanilla flavors added. Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper was the first drink in the planned "Soda Fountain Classics" line of beverages from Dr Pepper, a range of drinks designed to taste similar to popular soda fountain drinks from the 1950s. It is now only available in select areas of the US. It was available in Canada for a short time, but it ceased production as of mid-2007. It became available again in mid-2008 after Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper ceased production. It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Dr Pepper Berries and Cream, (2006–2007) and its diet version, were released in most US locations in April 2006. It is the second beverage in Dr Pepper's "Soda Fountain Classics" line of drinks. In Canada, the diet version of the drink was available approximately from May 2007 to August 2007 and the nondiet version was available from September 2007 to December 2007. Berries and Cream and Diet Berries and Cream have also been discontinued.
Diet Cherry Chocolate Dr Pepper (2007–2008) was introduced as a limited edition flavor on November 21, 2007. It was discontinued in April 2008. It became available in Canada in early January 2008. A nondiet version was never created. The taste is similar to Canfield's Diet Cherry Chocolate Fudge Soda, but with the distinctive Dr Pepper flavor. It was featured in the song "Cherry Chocolate Rain" by YouTube celebrity Tay Zonday. Upon ceasing production, it was replaced by Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper.
Dr Pepper Cherry (began 2009) was released in some areas around February 2009. The beverage tastes similar to Dr Pepper, but has stronger cherry flavor added. Variety comes in both regular and diet versions. Gene Simmons of the band Kiss was chosen to be the variation's spokesman, with a commercial circulating on television in March/April 2009 featuring Kiss's song "Calling Dr. Love" ("Trust me, I'm a doctor" claims Simmons in the commercial). It is also available as a flavor variant in Coca-Cola Freestyle machines that offer Dr. Pepper in place of Pibb Xtra.
Heritage Dr Pepper (or Dr Pepper Heritage) (began 2009) became available around November 2009 in various outlets around the United States. As its name implies, it is a "re-release" of sorts of Dr Pepper's original formula, which uses sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, which Dr Pepper and other brands of soft drink started to use around the early 1970s. The formula of Heritage Dr Pepper and Dublin Dr Pepper are assumed to be one and the same, but Heritage Dr Pepper is a larger scale, national release aimed at capturing the same marketing essence as the Pepsi and Mountain Dew throwbacks.
Dr Pepper "Made with Real Sugar" was released to commemorate the drink's 125th anniversary during the summer of 2010. It featured the use of "real" sugar which was likely a mix of cane and beet sugar as opposed to its usual high fructose corn syrup. This version of the soda featured six collectable 12-oz cans and a 20-oz plastic bottle decorated with Dr Pepper's old slogans and images from the 1960s.[27]
Dr Pepper Vanilla Float (began 2014) a summertime limited edition run of Dr Pepper with a vanilla ice cream taste. Available in 20-ounce bottles, 2-liter bottles, and 12-ounce 12 packs.[28]
UK Variation United Kingdom's version of Dr Pepper, along with various other countries, is manufactured with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup (much like Heritage Dr Pepper in the US, as mentioned above). Since August 2014, a "New Improved" flavour has been marketed in the UK that reduces the amount of sugar from 10.3g per 100ml to 7.2g while adding artificial sweeteners (aspartame and acesulfame k).
Dr Pepper Zero (began 2013) As Coca Cola distribute Dr Pepper in the United Kingdom, a "Zero" version was introduced, meaning no added sugar/low calorie, but maintaining a taste more in line with regular Dr Pepper than its diet variant.
German Variation Germany's version of Dr Pepper, similar to its UK version, is also manufactured with a reduced amount of sugar and artificial sweeteners (also aspartame and acesulfame k). However, the sugar is reduced to 6.8g per 100ml, marginally less than in the United Kingdom.[29]

Sweeteners
Much of the soft drink industry in the United States stopped using sugar in the 1980s, in response to a series of price supports and import quotas introduced beginning in 1982 that increased the price of sugar above the global market price. As a result, most US soft drinks, including Dr Pepper, now use high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar.[30]
A handful of United States bottling plants still use sugar to sweeten Dr Pepper. The Dr Pepper bottling plant in Dublin, Texas used to produce such a beverage, known as Dublin Dr Pepper. In the 1980s, plant owner W.P. "Bill" Kloster (June 7, 1918 –  September 27, 1999) refused to convert the plant to high fructose corn syrup.[31] Other bottlers still using sugar include Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas, Ab-Tex in Abilene, and West Jefferson Dr Pepper (WJDP) of West Jefferson, NC.
On March 25, 2007, Coca-Cola bottlers in the Dr Pepper Heartland commenced sales of 16 ounce cans of Dr Pepper made with cane sugar and featuring a logo with 'Old Doc' on them. This product was scheduled to be a limited time release.
In January 2009, "Heritage Dr Pepper" became available in select markets in cans and 16 oz bottles with the distinction "Made with Real Sugar."
Beginning in July 2010, Dr Pepper's 125th Anniversary edition in some markets was made with sugar as opposed to other sweeteners. Since Dr Pepper Corporate has no control over whether the bottlers will use sugar, there is no guarantee the soda will have sugar.[32]
As of January 2012, the bottling plant in Dublin, Texas, is no longer bottling Dr Pepper.[33]
The soft drink industry in some other countries never stopped using sugar as a sweetener. For instance in the European Union, high fructose corn syrup is subject to a production quota. In 2005, this quota was set at 303,000 tons; in comparison, the EU produced an average of 18.6 million tons of sugar annually between 1999 and 2001.[34] Therefore, most European soft drink producers, including most Dr Pepper bottling plants, still use sugar to sweeten their products. However, the bottlers of Dr Pepper in Germany and the United Kingdom use instead a combination of sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Distribution
In the United States, Dr Pepper Snapple Group does not have a complete network of bottlers and distributors, so the drink is sometimes bottled under contract by Coca-Cola or Pepsi bottlers. Prior to the initial Cadbury Schweppes investment-turned-buyout, 30% of Dr Pepper/Seven Up products were produced and distributed by Pepsi bottlers, and another 30% by Coca-Cola bottlers. The remaining 40% were produced and distributed by independent bottlers (mainly consisting of Dr Pepper/Seven Up premerger regional bottlers) and the Dr Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. Currently, the majority of Pepsi and Coke bottlers bottling Dr Pepper are owned by PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company after their buyouts of their major bottlers.
Presently, Dr Pepper Snapple relies on its own bottling group to bottle and distribute its products in more than 30 states. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have essentially stopped bottling and distributing CSAB products in favor of in-house alternatives, although regional exceptions can be found.[35]
In Canada and Poland, Cadbury-Schweppes has licensed distribution rights to PepsiCo. In Mexico, Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Finland, Austria, Czech Republic, Belgium, and Norway, Cadbury-Schweppes owns the trademark and distributes the product. In Romania, it can be found only in larger cities, imported from Belgium. In Portugal, Spain, France, Turkey, and Greece, it is almost impossible to find, as it is usually imported from the United Kingdom in particular supermarkets. In almost all of the other countries of the world, the Coca-Cola Company purchased the trademark from Cadbury-Schweppes and distributes the product. This mixed worldwide ownership of the trademark is due to antitrust regulations which prevented Coca-Cola from purchasing the rights everywhere. Dr Pepper is also available in Russia, South Korea and Ukraine. Although no longer locally bottled in Australia or New Zealand, Dr Pepper is imported and sold by United States Foods, and many other small retailers in Australia, with the UK (sugar) version sold in the British sections of Coles and Woolworths supermarkets. Dr Pepper is not available in Thailand, Italy, North Korea and Serbia. It is rarely sold in the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, as it is imported from the United States.
Dr Pepper has been sold in Japan since 1973 and is widely available in greater Tokyo, Okinawa and parts of the Tōkai region, where it is distributed by local Coca-Cola bottlers. It is not actively marketed in other regions of Japan; Coca-Cola's Osaka bottler began selling Dr Pepper in 1983, but pulled the product two years later due to low sales.
Other products

Dr Pepper has a line of jelly beans made with the Jelly Belly company.
Hubba Bubba bubblegum produces a Dr Pepper-flavored edition. The gum is the same color as the soda.
Dr Pepper collaborated with Vita Food Products to produce Dr Pepper Sweet & Kickin' BBQ Sauce and Dr Pepper "More than Mesquite" Marinade.[36]
Cosmetics company Bonne Bell includes Dr Pepper among its licensed soft drink-flavored "Lip Smackers" lip balms.
Brach's has a line of hard candy that features Dr Pepper, Orange Crush, A&W Root Beer, and 7 Up flavored hard candies in Brach's Soda Poppers.
Dr Pepper has an ice cream topping syrup also manufactured by Vita Food Products in 2009 called "Dr Pepper cherry dessert topping".[37]
Dr Pepper also created an iPod skin cover, but it was discontinued.
Dr Pepper Slurpee
Dr Pepper Flavored Freezies are currently available with Grape Crush and Hires Root Beer flavors.

Marketing
"Dr Pepper Time", according to one promotion, was at 10, 2 and 4 o'clock. During World War II, a syndicated radio program, The 10–2–4 Ranch (later titled 10–2–4 Time), aired in the South and other areas where Dr Pepper was distributed. The show featured the Sons of the Pioneers and Dick Foran.[38] In the 1960s, the tune of the chorus of "The Glow-Worm" was used in ads, with lyrics which ended, "It's Dr Pepper Time!"
In the 1960s, Dr Pepper released the "Charge" ad:

Charge!!
Get Going Again, With the Dr Pepper Difference.

The "Be a Pepper" series referred to fans of Dr Pepper as "Peppers", and often featured large, sequential, crowd dance scenes, intricately choreographed by Tony Stevens[39] and led onscreen by actor David Naughton. A recurring jingle was:

I'm a Pepper, he's a Pepper,
She's a Pepper, we're a Pepper, Wouldn't you like to be a Pepper, too? Be a Pepper. Drink Dr Pepper.

This became grist for a number of pop culture references and parodies. One of the first was a July 1981 sketch on the program SCTV, in which an overly-excited injured man (Eugene Levy) extols the work of a "Dr Shekter" (Rick Moranis) who has been treating him. Levy and a group of patients wearing casts and crutches engage in their own elaborate dancing and singing ("Wouldn't you like to see my doctor, too?"), which Shekter first uses as an opportunity to explain his work, and then grows alarmed ("These people should not be dancing!"). In the 1982 sex farce Beach Girls, the slogan became "I'm a popper, he's a popper..." Wreck-Gar parodied the slogan in The Return of Optimus Prime.
After appearing in a series of commercials, David Naughton had his breakthrough film role as the main character in the John Landis film An American Werewolf in London. Another famous "I'm a Pepper" dancer was Ray Bolger, the actor who played the Scarecrow in the film The Wizard of Oz.
In the early 1960s, Dr Pepper promoted the idea of serving the drink hot with lemon slices in winter. This idea appeared in the film Blast from the Past initially set in the early 1960s.
In 1978, Jake Holmes wrote the lyrics to "Be a Pepper". Earlier in the 1970s, Randy Newman wrote another jingle entitled "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever". Barry Manilow performed Jake's jingle in concerts and on albums under the inclusion of "VSM – Very Strange Medley". A TV commercial was also created using the jingle and ran from 1977–1985.[40] The song noted "It's not a cola, it's something much much more. It's not a root beer, you get root beer by the store." (W.W. Clements, former CEO and president of the Dr Pepper/7-Up Company, similarly described the taste of Dr Pepper as one-of-a-kind, saying, "I've always maintained you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own."[41])
Dr Pepper has also been featured outside the "I'm a Pepper" motif. An example is in the video game Pikmin 2, where one of the collectible treasures is a Dr Pepper bottle cap (it is labeled as the "Drought Ender"). Also, an empty Dr Pepper bottle is featured in the book Ragweed by Newbery Medal-winning author Avi; the book’s illustrator, Brian Floca, is the son of a Dr Pepper bottler. Several of the classic non-"I'm a Pepper" commercials featured prominent movie stars, one being a television advertisement with Chris Rock as a child enjoying a Dr Pepper.
The 1980s "Out of the Ordinary" advertising campaign involved a series of postapocalyptic commercials featuring a space cowboy and an alien sidekick seeking "something different" from a simple generic cola.[42] The campaign also produced commercials featuring the movie creature Godzilla, where citizens of a Japanese town offered Dr Pepper as a libation. The commercials were prominently featured during the 1986 syndication of The Canned Film Festival, which was sponsored by the Dr Pepper Company.
Outside the United States, Squeeze's Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford played for a Dr Pepper advert in the UK with the slogan, "Hold out for the out of the ordinary."
Dr Pepper's "Be You" advertising campaign centered on commercials featuring pairs of popular musicians, including LeAnn Rimes with Reba McEntire, Paulina Rubio with Celia Cruz, Thalía with Tito Puente, B2K with Smokey Robinson, Anastacia with Cyndi Lauper, Patricia Manterola with Ana Gabriel, and LL Cool J with Run-D.M.C. The campaign also featured individual musicians, notably Garth Brooks.
Dr Pepper made several appearances in the 1994 Robert Zemeckis major motion picture, Forrest Gump, as it was the beverage of choice for the movie's namesake lead character, played by Tom Hanks. In one of the film's Dr Pepper scenes, Forrest's narrative suggests, "The best part about goin' to the White House was, they had all the food and drink that you wanted ... I must have had me 15 Dr Peppers." When subsequently asked by the President how he felt, Forrest gave an honest answer of "I gotta pee." Although, arguably the film's largest product placement installation, the depiction of Dr Pepper was perhaps not always accurate as, in another scene during the 1972 New Year's Eve celebration which Forrest attends, he drinks a Dr Pepper with a logo that was inconsistent with the timeline of the film.
Dr Pepper was introduced to the Australian market in 1997 with a short-lived TV advertising campaign and low-priced 280-ml cans sold through supermarkets. Dr Pepper was subsequently sold in 1.25-litre plastic bottles alongside other major brands until 2003. Cadbury Schweppes stated the product did not gain acceptance by Australians, whose detractors complained that the drink tasted like "cough syrup"[citation needed] (a tag also given to sarsaparilla). A report on the soft drink industry by IBIS accused Cadbury Schweppes of failing in their marketing of the brand, given its global appeal. It is probable that the major problem with the marketing campaign was in advertising it as "American". The use of the Statue of Liberty moving to Australia and passing cans of Dr Pepper on to two Australian males made its imported (i.e. "non-Australian") status clear.
After withdrawing from the Australian market, Dr Pepper arrived without fanfare in New Zealand. Cans imported from the US are available in some specialty stores in New Zealand and Australia.
On the December 20, 2000, episode of the Late Show with David Letterman, Letterman jokingly referred to Dr Pepper as "liquid manure". After a representative of Dr Pepper complained, CBS agreed not to rerun that episode. Letterman repeatedly made assurances on the show that he was joking.[43]
From 2001 to 2003, Diet Dr Pepper aired ads that promise authentic Dr Pepper taste, using the slogan "Diet Dr Pepper tastes more like regular Dr Pepper", paroding new ideas inferior to the originals, including XGA (not PGA) Extreme Golf, Green Bay Watch (spoof of Baywatch) and a TV show CHimPs (rather than CHiPs). These ads were produced by They Might Be Giants.
Several ads for Diet Cherry Vanilla Dr Pepper appeared on television in 2005. In one, a young woman on a blind date at a restaurant who sips into the beverage, suddenly makes her date, restaurant patrons, and even a waitress all part of a musical sequence involving The Muppets version of the song "Mah Nà Mah Nà".
One campaign features the Queen song "I Want It All".
On January 1, 2008, the company unveiled a new TV ad campaign featuring the Cheers theme song ("Where Everybody Knows Your Name") performed by Gary Portnoy.
In a 2008 ad, a student in a college lecture takes a sip of Dr Pepper. When he stops drinking, the Dr Pepper can sings variations of "Flava Licious" (Flavor Flav), and other people in the room start dancing.




The No. 23 Dr Pepper-sponsored Toyota Camry driven by J. J. Yeley of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series in 2015


In 2008, Dr Pepper in the UK restarted launching its old adverts and slogan, "What's the worst that can happen?" They also started an onpack promotion for free ringtones with up to 20 to collect. A commercial for this included Jesse Eisenberg being forced to be on live TV without his clothes on.
As of 2009, the slogan of the product is "Drink it slow. Doctor's orders". Advertising supporting the slogan has celebrities with famous relations to the word "doctor" (Dr. Dre, Julius "Dr. J" Erving, Gene Simmons (writer of the Kiss song "Calling Dr. Love"), et al.) or who played fictional doctors (such as Neil Patrick Harris or Kelsey Grammer) endorsing the beverage. The ads culminate with the celebrity stating, "Trust me. I'm a doctor", followed by the new slogan appearing onscreen with a glass of Dr Pepper.[44]
In 2010, Dr Pepper was part of a marketing/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper, Diet Dr Pepper, and Dr Pepper Cherry.
In 2011, rapper Pitbull appeared in a commercial with the slogan "Let's have a real good time."
Also in 2011, Dr Pepper was featured as an official drink in the anime Steins;Gate.
Slogans




This 1947 ad shows the logo as it looked before the period was removed after "Dr".



1889–1914: "King of Beverages."
1920s–1940s: "Drink a Bite to Eat at 10, 2, and 4 o'clock."
1939: "When You Drink a Dr. Pepper You Drink a Bite to Eat."
1930s–1940s: "Good For Life."
1945: "Dr. Pepper has 23 flavors"
1950s: "The Friendly Pepper Upper."
1960s: "America's Most Misunderstood Soft Drink."
1970s-77: "The Most Original Soft Drink Ever."[45]
1977–1983: "I'm a Pepper, He's a Pepper, We're a Pepper.", "Be a Pepper.", "Wouldn't you like to Be a Pepper too?"
1983: "Dr Pepper Has Made a Pepper Out of me."
1983: "It Tastes and It Looks." (Sugar Free Dr Pepper)
c. 1984 "Out of the Ordinary. Like You."
c. 1984 "The Taste for Out of the Ordinary Bodies." (Diet Dr Pepper)
1984–1997: "Hold Out For the Out of the Ordinary."
 ?1980s–Present "Dr Pepper, what's the worst that could happen?", used in the UK, playing on the fact that many UK consumers don't know what the drink tastes like and are wary of trying it
1991: "Just what the Doctor ordered."
c. 1997: "It's Dr Pepper Flavour, Silly!" Australia
c. 1997: "Expect the Unexpected!" Australia
1997: "Now's the Time. This is the Place. Dr Pepper Is The Taste."
2000: "Dr Pepper, It Makes the World Taste Better."
2000–Present: "Just What The Dr Ordered."
c. 2001 "Dr Pepper, so misunderstood"
2002–2004: "Be You."
2002–Present: "Solves All Your Problems." (used in Europe)
2003 "Dr Pepper, to try it is to love it" (used in the UK)
2005–Present: "One Taste & You Get It."
2006: "Can You Handle The Taste?"[46] (seen in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, and Poland)
2006: "Authentic blend of 23 flavors." United States, Canada
2006: "Dr Pepper, makes the world go round."
2006: "Dr Pepper, nothing better." United States
2006: "The Dr knows the right touch." (used in Europe)
2006: "There's more to it." United States
c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" United States (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor)
2007: "I Want It All." United States
2007: "El Dr muy bueno" Latin America
2008: "Drink It Slow, Dr's Orders" (United States)
2009: "Trust me – I'm a Doctor." (ft. Julius Erving, Kelsey Grammer, Gene Simmons, Dr. Dre) United States
2009: "It's so amazingly smooth, you have try it to believe it!" and "Amazingly smooth" Dr Pepper Cherry
2010: "There's nothing like a Pepper" United States
2011: "Can you handle the taste?"
2012: "Always One of a Kind" (United States)[47]

Dr Pepper Girl




Donna Loren (seen here performing on ABC-TV's Shindig) was Dr Pepper Girl from 1963-68.


In 1963, singer Donna Loren became a spokesperson for the company when she was selected in a nationwide search to be the “Dr Pepper Girl”.[48][49] National exposure followed for Loren as she promoted the drink via radio, print, television, calendars, billboards, and personal appearances. One of her first appearances for the company was as co-host with Dick Clark (who she worked with regularly) of an ABC television special, Dr Pepper Celebrity Party.[50][51][52] She subsequently made hundreds of singing and personal appearances for Dr Pepper. In Dr Pepper—King of Beverages, Dr Pepper historian Harry E. Ellis wrote, “Sparkly, vivacious and gifted with a wonderful voice, Donna was an immediate success. She became widely known in a short period as “The Dr Pepper Girl,” appearing at special events and on programs sponsored by the Company. Miss Loren would figure prominently in Dr Pepper’s plans for about five years, both as an entertainer and as an advertisement personality via radio, TV, and many other media. She appeared on 24-sheet poster boards, point-of-sale and on Dr Pepper calendars.”[53]
Donna Loren’s role as Dr Pepper spokesperson led to her first appearance in the American International Pictures’ Beach Party film, Muscle Beach Party. Loren later explained: “Dr Pepper was involved in that [the Beach Party movies] and actually placed me as product placement. And because I could sing, they gave me a duet with Dick Dale, and then it just went on from there.”[54] From this, she went on to appear in three more Beach Party films. Away from the company, Loren was a familiar presence in the 1960s due to her many performances on television, films, and her records for Capitol, Reprise and other labels. She represented Dr Pepper until 1968.
Free Dr Pepper for everyone in America
On March 26, 2008, various media outlets reported that Dr Pepper would offer 'a free can of Dr Pepper to everyone in America' —excluding former Guns N' Roses guitarists Buckethead and Slash— if the band released the long-awaited Chinese Democracy in 2008.[55][56] Later in the day, lead vocalist Axl Rose replied to Dr Pepper on Guns N' Roses' official website and spoke of his surprise at Dr Pepper's support. Rose also said he would share his Dr Pepper with Buckethead as "some of Buckethead's performances are on Chinese Democracy".[57] After it was announced that the album would be released in 2008, Dr Pepper confirmed that it would uphold its pledge.[58] However, Dr Pepper's online distribution of free coupons upon the album's release November 23, 2008 proved less than adequate. Lawyers for the band threatened Dr Pepper's parent company with a lawsuit just two days after the album's release. In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."[59] Rose's lawyer also demanded that the company make a full-page apology that would appear in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times.[60][61] In a later interview, Rose claimed he told his lawyers it was a non-issue and was surprised by their actions.[62]
Dr Pepper Museum
See also: List of food and beverage museums




The Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, Texas is on the National Register of Historic Places.


The Dr Pepper Museum, located in the Artesian Manufacturing and Bottling Company building at 300 South Fifth Street in downtown Waco, Texas, opened to the public in 1991. The building was the first building to be built specifically to bottle Dr Pepper. It was completed in 1906, and Dr Pepper was bottled there until the 1960s. The museum has three floors of exhibits, a working old-fashioned soda fountain, and a gift store of Dr Pepper memorabilia.
Dr Pepper Capital of the World
The company sells more Dr Pepper in the Roanoke Valley area of Virginia than any other metropolitan area east of the Mississippi River. Roanoke is approximately 90 miles east of the hometown of Dr. Charles T. Pepper, which is Rural Retreat, Virginia, and 30 miles east of Christiansburg, Virginia, home of Dr. Pepper and Morrison referred to in the census information above. John William "Bill" Davis opened the first Dr. Pepper plant east of the Mississippi in Roanoke in 1936; subsequently the city was named the "Dr Pepper Capital of the World" and broke world records for its mass consumption of Dr Pepper in the late 1950s.[63] Dr Pepper donated a portion of its sales revenue in the Roanoke area to finance restoration of a circa-1950s neon Dr Pepper sign, which has the company's "10–2–4" logo from the time, in downtown Roanoke. In October 2015, the city of Roanoke declared October 24 (10-2-4) to be its official Dr. Pepper Day.[64]
See also


Drink portal
Texas portal
Food portal


References


^ a b c "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) | Dr Pepper". 2016. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper Snapple Group – Our History". Retrieved December 6, 2011. It was served at the drug store where Alderton worked and the first Dr Pepper fans asked for a 'Waco.' 
^ a b c Mikkelson, David (March 20, 2015). "Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice? : snopes.com". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper". thecatsite.com. March 20, 2015. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ "Dr Pepper - Cigars Discussion Forum "the water hole" - Friends of Habanos | Unofficial Habanos Cuban Cigar Forum". January 8, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Thornhill, Amelia (July 25, 2015). "The Lion And The Lamb - Chapter Four: At The Movies - Wattpad". Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Nolram, A. L. "BIG AL" (March 22, 2013). Does ANY a This CRAP Make SENSE ta Ya, OR Am I Jest FUNNIN' Ya.....YOU DECIDE !!!. AuthorHouse. p. 105. Retrieved September 21, 2016. 
^ Bill Waters finds Dr. Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas. New York Daily News May 4, 2009
^ "The old recipe book did not sell". Historical.ha.com. May 12, 2009. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Bekman, Stas (November 21, 2002). "1.3 Was there ever really a person called Dr. Pepper?". Stason.org. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Chris Epting. The Birthplace Book: A Guide to Birth Sites of Famous People, Places, & Things. 
^ "PEPPER SUES COCA-COLA". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. January 26, 1951. Retrieved August 17, 2016. Dr Pepper Bottling Co sues Coca-Cola Co for attempt at monopoly, Chicago, by forcing retailers to sell Coca-Cola below cost 
^ "DR. PEPPER IS SUING COKE ON TRADEMARK". New York Times. July 5, 1972. 
^ "Cola King To Buy Global Rights To Dr. Pepper, Canada Dry. – Free Online Library". Thefreelibrary.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "COCA-COLA AND FTC TO SETTLE ANTITRUST LITIGATION". 
^ a b Thomas Heath (December 14, 1996). "NFL, Cowboys Settle Suits, The Washington Post". Washington Post Staff Writer. p. F03. 
^ "Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages > Brands > Dr Pepper > History of Dr Pepper". Brandspeoplelove.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Special Issue: Top-10 CSD Results for 2006" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 24, 2008. 
^ "Diet Dr Pepper Offers 250 Million Samples to Show America There's Nothing Diet About It" (Press release). February 8, 2006. Retrieved September 15, 2012. 
^ "Caffeine-Free Dr Pepper Set". New York Times. November 18, 1982. 
^ "Six-State Group Sees Pepper Free". Beverage Digest. November 23, 1982. 
^ "Dr Pepper Reports 6 Mo. Sale Gain, 100% APM Test, Pepper Free Phaseout". Beverage Digest. August 9, 1985. 
^ According to press release, Jim Ball of Dr Pepper, PR Newswire April 15, 1983. "A caffeine-free Dr Pepper, utilizing nutritive sweeteners, and plans for the expansion of Pepper Free products to markets representing 75% of the soft drink maker's domestic volume, today were presented at a special bottlers' meeting in Dallas."
^ "Dr Pepper Introduces the 10 Hardest-Working Calories in the Beverage Business: Dr Pepper TEN | Dr Pepper Snapple Group Newsroom". News.drpeppersnapple.com. October 10, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Nátalie Zmuda (February 21, 2011). "Can Dr Pepper's Mid-Cal Soda Score a 10 With Men?". Advertising Age. 
^ Fottrell, Quentin (October 21, 2011). "Angry Women Is Not What Dr Pepper Ordered — Pay Dirt — SmartMoney". Blogs.smartmoney.com. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ "Coming Soon: Dr Pepper "Made With Real Sugar" » Pepsi Throwback, Heritage Dr Pepper-type 125th Anniversary drink with real sugar". July 8, 2010. Retrieved October 22, 2012. 
^ Marvo (April 16, 2014). "COMING SOON – Limited Edition Dr Pepper Vanilla Float". Impulsivebuy.com. Retrieved May 26, 2014. 
^ "Dr Pepper Germany: Dr Pepper product website (in German) see: Nährwerte/Nutritional Information". Retrieved September 25, 2015. 
^ Babineck, Mark. "Dublin Dr Pepper still sweet – News". Media.www.dailytexanonline.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "The history of Dublin Dr Pepper". Dublindrpepper.com. September 27, 1999. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Morran, Chris. "Dr. Pepper Temporarily Ditches HFCS To Celebrate 125th Birthday". Media.consumerist.com. Retrieved July 14, 2010. 
^ "Dublin Dr Pepper Is No More". NBCDFW.com. January 12, 2012. Retrieved January 31, 2012. 
^ M. Ataman Aksoy; John C. Beghin, eds. (2005). "Sugar Policies: An Opportunity for Change". Global Agricultural Trade and Developing Countries. World Bank Publications. p. 329. ISBN 0-8213-5863-4. 
^ "Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company". Greatplainscocacola.com. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ "Dr. Pepper (BBQ Sauce & Marinade)". 
^ (UPC#072736042111)
^ Grace, Roger M. (December 15, 2005). "Reminiscing: At 10–2 and 4 O’Clock, It Was Dr. Pepper Time,". Metropolitan News-Enterprise. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
^ Jerry Mitchell Creating Musical Theatre: Conversations with Broadway Directors and Choreographers. Lyn Cramer. Bloomsbury Publishing. December 2, 2013.
^ "100 Greatest Commercials of All Time". Drew Babb. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffrey L., "The Legend of Dr. Pepper/Seven-Up", Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc., 1995, page 31
^ Barbara, Lippert (January 20, 1986). "Dr Pepper fights cola wars with Godzilla". St. Petersburg Times. St. Petersburg. 
^ Bauder, David. "Letterman ruffles feathers", Boca Raton News, February 13, 2001. Retrieved June 17, 2009.
^ "Dr. Pepper "Drink it Slow"". Ad of the Day – Adweek. August 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 28, 2009. Retrieved November 30, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper 1977". Flickr - Photo Sharing!. Retrieved September 6, 2015. 
^ "pepperme.com". pepperme.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ "Dr. Pepper Celebrates Its Legacy Of Originality With The Launch Of The New 'Always One Of A Kind' Advertising Campaign," Dr Pepper Snapple Group press release, Monday, January 9, 2012.
^ "Donna Loren Official Website". Donnaloren.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Walker, Brian J. "Donna Loren at Brian’s Drive-In Theater". Briansdriveintheater.com. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ "Music of the Beach Party Movies". Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Independent Press Telegram 1963, November 17, p. 18 (Tele Vues).
^ Cedar Rapids Gazette 1963, May 22, p. 12.
^ Ellis, Harry E. (1979). Dr Pepper—King of Beverages. Dallas, Texas: Dr Pepper Company. p. 219. 
^ Hamlin, Brad. "Donna Loren Interview". Mysteryisland.net. Retrieved October 16, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Richard; Froelich, Paula; Hoffmann, Bill; Garvey, Marianne (March 26, 2008). "Doctor's Orders". The New York Post. Archived from the original on March 29, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Cohen, Jonathan (March 26, 2008). "Dr Pepper Sweetens Pot For 'Chinese Democracy'". Billboard. Retrieved March 27, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (March 26, 2008). "Press Release from Axl Regarding Dr. Pepper". Guns N' Roses. Archived from the original on November 14, 2011. 
^ "Drinks firm to keep Roses pledge". BBC. October 24, 2008. Retrieved October 24, 2008. 
^ Paine, Andre (November 26, 2008). "Guns N' Roses Lawyer Blasts Dr Pepper". Billboard. Prometheus Global Media. Archived from the original on July 20, 2014. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Rose angry over drinks giveaway". BBC News. November 27, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ "Axl Rose Files Lawsuit Against Dr. Pepper; Asks For Apology, Payment". Accesshollywood.com. Retrieved December 1, 2008. 
^ Rose, Axl (December 13, 2008). "Axl answers fans' questions on GN'R fan sites (transcripts)". HereTodayGoneToHell.com. Retrieved June 23, 2009. 
^ Christina Rogers. "Dr Pepper pops to life again". Roanoke.com. Retrieved July 14, 2009. 
^ Roanoke celebrates “10-24” as Dr Pepper Day wsls.com October 20, 2015 http://wsls.com/2015/10/20/roanoke-celebrates-10-24-as-dr-pepper-day/ Accessed August 16, 2016


Further reading

Rodengen, Jeffrey L. (1995). The Legend of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up. Write Stuff Syndicate, Inc. ISBN 0-945903-49-9. 
"History of Dr Pepper". Retrieved July 4, 2007. 

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dr Pepper.



Dr Pepper official website
Dr Pepper on MySpace
The Dr Pepper Museum
Dr Pepper Company at Handbook of Texas Online
FTC Statement on Coca-Cola Dr Pepper Merger
Temple Bottling Company, in Temple, Texas
Bootlegging Dr Pepper, June 5, 2008, by Robb Walsh, Houston Press
Original Formula Found at Drug Store
Bill Waters finds Dr Pepper original formula in notebook in antique store in Texas, May 5, 2009, Associated Press in the New York Daily News
Caffeine Content for Dr Pepper flavors compared to some other beverages, Good Housekeeping







v
t
e


Dr Pepper Snapple brands



Soda



50/50
7 Up
A&W Cream Soda
A&W Root Beer
Barrelhead Root Beer
Cactus Cooler
Canada Dry
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Crush
Dr Pepper
Floats
Gini
Hawaiian Punch
Hires Root Beer
IBC Root Beer
Orangina
RC Cola

Diet Rite
Nehi


Ricqlès
Schweppes
Squirt
Stewart's Fountain Classics
Sun Drop
Sunkist
Sussex Golden
Venom Energy
Vernors
Wink





Juices, teas,
and others



Clamato
Country Time
Dejà Blue
Hawaiian Punch
Mott's
Nantucket Nectars
Peñafiel
Raging Cow
ReaLemon
ReaLime
Snapple
Welch's
Yoo-hoo





Beverage mixers



Rose's





Miscellaneous

College Football Playoff National Championship Trophy










v
t
e


PepsiCo



Corporate directors



Indra Nooyi (Chairman & CEO)
Robert Eugene Allen
Dina Dublon
Alberto Ibargüen
Steven Reinemund





Pepsi



Diet Pepsi
Pepsi Max (North America and International versions)
Pepsi Next
Throwback
Jazz Diet
Kas
Izze
Mountain Dew
Manzanita Sol
Mirinda
Mist Twist
Mug Root Beer
Slice
7 Up (outside United States)
AMP Energy
Aquafina
Ethos Water (under license)
Lipton (Brisk
Iced Tea) (under license)
No Fear (under license)
Ocean Spray (under license)
Frappuccino (under license)
Starbucks (under license)
SoBe
Shani
Duke's Lemonade
Duke's Mangola





Frito-Lay
(Canada)



Lay's
Ruffles
Doritos
Tostitos
Fritos
Cheetos
Rold Gold
Funyuns
Sun Chips
Cracker Jack
Munchos
Smartfood
Oberto (distributed)
Hostess
Lay's Stax
Miss Vickie's
Munchies
Walkers
Sabritas
Smith's
Bluebird
Gamesa
Kurkure
Uncle Chipps
Sabra (49%)





Tropicana Products



Copella
Dole (under license)
Naked
Tropicana
Tropolis





Quaker Oats Company



Quaker Instant Oatmeal
Cap'n Crunch
Life
Quisp
King Vitaman
Oh's
Aunt Jemima
Chewy Granola Bars
Rice-A-Roni
Toddy
Scott's Porage Oats
Tchudo





Gatorade



Propel Fitness Water





Other holdings



Lebedyansky
Sandora
Simba
Wimm-Bill-Dann
Duke and Sons
Pepsi P1












v
t
e


Dr Pepper-flavored sodas






Dr Pepper
Doctor Smooth
Dr. Thunder
Dr. Wells
Pibb Xtra
Nehi
SoBe Mr. Green












v
t
e


Diet drinks






Big Red
Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge
Coca-Cola C2
Coca-Cola Life
Coca-Cola Light Sango
Coca-Cola Zero
Diet Coke
Diet Mountain Dew
Diet Pepsi
Diet Rite
Diet Dr Pepper
Fanta
Faygo
Fitz's
No-Cal Soda
Pepsi Max
Pepsi ONE
Shasta
Sprite Zero
Tab
Tab Clear
Tab Energy
Tava (soft drink)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_Pepper&oldid=786446916"					
Categories: Dr Pepper Snapple Group brandsCompanies based in Plano, TexasCarbonated drinksCaffeinated drinksDr Pepper-flavored sodasCompanies established in 1885History of Waco, TexasSoft drinksPatent medicinesProducts introduced in 1885Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All self-contradictory articlesArticles with unsourced statements from February 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 14:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = David Pepper; range = all. Search again. 3 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct EnvironmentalismCritical Concepts in the EnvironmentEdited by David Pepper, George Revill, Frank WebsterModern environmentalism is now over fifty years old. This five volume set provides wide-ranging coverage of the state and scope of environmentalism from its science-driven, physical geography-focused roots to its spread to social science and cultural studies. The articles and accompanying…Hardback – 2002-11-21RoutledgeCritical Concepts in the EnvironmentModern EnvironmentalismAn IntroductionBy David PepperModern Environmentalism presents a comprehensive introduction to environmentalism, the origins of its main beliefs and ideas, and how these relate to modern environmental ideologies. Providing a historical overview of the development of attitudes to nature and the environment in society, the book…Paperback – 1996-01-04RoutledgeEco-SocialismFrom Deep Ecology to Social JusticeBy David PepperFirst Published in 2004. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.…Paperback – 1993-07-22RoutledgeAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisherPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search













Our Brands | Dr Pepper Snapple Group





















Our Brands

































































































































































Allied Brands























































Our Company




Vision


Philanthropy


History


Operations


Corporate Social Responsibility


Leadership






Careers




Search Jobs


Our Benefits


Diversity & Inclusion


Our Culture






Investors




Stock Information


Events and Presentations


SEC Filings and Proxy Statements


Annual Reports


Corporate Governance


Financial News






Newsroom




All News


Media Library


Fact Sheets
























Our Brands
Allied Brands Our Company
Careers
Investors
Newsroom










5301 Legacy Drive, Plano, TX 75024
(972) 673-7000


 
Our Brands





Our Brands

SORT BY:NAMETYPE


























































































































































































































With a brand heritage spanning more than 200 years, Dr Pepper Snapple Group’s portfolio includes more than 50 brands and hundreds of flavors of carbonated soft drinks, juices, teas, mixers, waters and other beverages. Explore our fun and flavorful world.




Bai

More About Bai







Mott's
Mott's exploded onto the national scene at the Philadelphia Centennial of 1842, where S. R. Mott entered his apple cider and vinegar. So enthusiastically were his products received that he received a first prize for their quality.
More About Mott's





7UP
The Seven-Up Company's roots go back to 1920, when C. L. Grigg set himself to create a distinctive soft drink that would prove irresistible to the nation's consumers.
More About 7UP







Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper is the oldest major soft drink in the United States. It is a "native Texan" originating at Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in the town of Waco in 1885.
More About Dr Pepper





Snapple
It all started in the Greenwich Village area of New York in 1972. Childhood friends Leonard Marsh, Hyman Golden and Arnold Greenburg saw more potential in fruit than just something to throw in the lunchroom.
More About Snapple









A&W
Introduced on June 20, 1919, Roy Allen's root beer grew along with America's drive-ins and car culture to become one of America's great classics.
More About A&W





Canada Dry
Created by Canadian pharmacist and chemist John McLaughlin, Canada Dry gained much of its popularity during Prohibition as a mixer. Its sweet flavor was the perfect mask for the home-brewed liquor that was common at the time.
More About Canada Dry







Hawaiian Punch
Riding the wave of more than 60 years of fruit punch fun, Hawaiian Punch has become the gold standard of fruit punch drinks.
More About Hawaiian Punch





Sun Drop
The Fabulous '50s brought an age of fun and discovery, as well as an entirely new citrus-flavored soft drink called Sun Drop from beverage concentrate salesman Charles Lazier.
More About Sun Drop











Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
RSS Feeds
Email Alerts





Our Brands
Our Company
Careers


Investors
Newsroom
FAQ
Contact Us





Dr Pepper Snapple Group (NYSE: DPS) is a leading producer of flavored beverages in North America and the Caribbean. Our success is fueled by more than 50 brands that are synonymous with refreshment, fun and flavor. We manufacture, bottle and distribute Dr Pepper, 7UP, Mott's, Snapple, Canada Dry and other favorites as well as new innovations like Dr Pepper TEN. ©  DR PEPPER SNAPPLE GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

California Transparency in Supply Chains Act



Sitemap
Accessibility
Privacy
Terms of Use















Pepper by Richard Horton (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Pepper
                


By Richard Horton,                                                         David Horton 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 394 Pages
                    









                                    (1 Ratings)                            





Preview





List Price:

                                                    $19.99
                                                


Price:

                                                    $17.99
                                                                            


You Save:
$2.00
( 10% )



Prints in 3-5 business days

Pepper quickly learns how to be a strong cow horse just like her mother, Patsy.  She meets animals in the pastures and learns about cows, rivers, and her Owner. The Owner quickly finds a buyer for Pepper.

Pepper goes through the sadness being separated from her mother for the first time.  Pepper begins to see that her Master is more than an Owner, he is becoming her Dear Friend.  Her Dear Friend teaches her so much and takes her for long rides. Things change when her Dear Friend's wife's medical condition worsens. 

In a cruel twist of fate; Pepper's Dear Friend must sell his home, his assets, and even Pepper to cover medical bills from his wife's cancer treatments.  With Pepper gone, the Dear Friend has nothing to live for.  Will Pepper be able to save her Dear Friend?








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item





Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in




            1
                            Person Reviewed This Product                    
















                    By Carolyn Thorup
                

                                        Feb 17, 2016
                


                                Wonderful story about true friendship!
            


                    Report as inappropriate                




Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

ISBN
    9781329709904

Copyright
        David Horton & Richard Horton (Standard Copyright License)    
Edition
First Edition
Publisher
David Horton
Published
    December 8, 2015

Language
English
Pages
394
Binding
Perfect-bound Paperback
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        1.44 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        6 wide x 9 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/richard-horton-and-david-horton/pepper/paperback/product-22477105.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Children,                Horse,                Dog,                Love,                Trust,                Friendship 
Listed In

 Teens,
    
 Children












Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok



























Amazon.com: Customer reviews: The People's House




 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 

















































































The People's House

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews4.6 out of 5 stars744.6 out of 5 stars5 star73%4 star22%3 star1%2 star3%1 star1%The People's HousebyDavid PepperFormat: Paperback|ChangePrice:$13.84+ Free shipping with Amazon PrimeWrite a reviewAdd to CartAdd to Wish List
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.


Top positive reviewSee all 70 positive reviews› 
          5 people found this helpful
5.0 out of 5 starsFantastic political thriller that EVERYONE will enjoy!ByA. Hineson August 15, 2016This political thriller from David Pepper, frankly, far exceeded my expectations. I was rather skeptical of this first novel from someone who's well known in Ohio politics but who has never written a book and I have to say I was stunned when I realized this guy can write! I am a lawyer and a thriller aficionado so my standards were very high. I truly enjoyed The People's House!This book took me for a ride from the moment I opened until the very last page and the detail was amazing. It won't matter which way your politics lean and it will not matter if you live in Nevada or Texas, you get sucked into this story that takes you from rural communities in Ohio to the Siberian tundra in Russia. I'm not a fan of giving away the plot of the books I read but if you like John Grisham or David Baldacci... You, too, will be hoping that Pepper's next book isn't far behind!

Read more
Top critical reviewSee all 4 critical reviews› 
          2 people found this helpful
1.0 out of 5 starsPredictibleByGeorge Avdeyon December 28, 2016Really biased book - Dems good, Republicans bad, journalist saint.  Predictible.

Read more





Sort by:
    TopMost recentTopFilter by:
    All reviewersVerified purchase onlyVerified purchase onlyAll stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyAll positiveAll criticalAll starsAll formatsFormat: PaperbackAll formatsSearchThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.Showing 11-20 of 60 reviews(Verified Purchases).
    See all 74 reviews5.0 out of 5 starsFast-paced thriller with great characters and important plotBySara Watsonon August 24, 2016Format: Paperback|Verified PurchasePepper clearly fulfills the adage "write what you know."  This thriller is rich with details and has a plot that is all too plausible in today's world.  The dialogue is engaging and real.  The book reveals our system for those who aren't familiar with it, and it's a rollicking read for those who are.  I especially like having a lead character worth rooting for.  Strongly recommended.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsVery well written & extremely prescientByCharles Graves IVon December 17, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseI was 3/4 of the way through the book when the real national & international headlines proved how intensely this book prophetically presupposed perhaps the greatest scandal in modern American politics. This book is a must read for anyone who loves politics & its story comes with a moral that the United States political system has got to learn fast.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsPolitical Thriller At Just The Right TimeByJudy VGon September 1, 2016Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseI found the book to be incredible---well written, compelling, prescient and memorable.  If People’s House was relevant when David wrote it, every day now it becomes more so.And, for those of us who are older, it reminds me of Advise and Consent, the important Allen Drury book from years ago.Finally, I can write didactic sentences and sometime decent description, but being able to construct conversation and dialogue and to create a mood and tone is something I cannot do and I have huge respect for someone who can.In short, compliments and kudos of the highest order to David.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsGood summer readBypointeofviewon September 6, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseFirst time author David Pepper has crafted a well-written story about the behind the scenes workings of politics in America today.  The story, after a bit of a slow start, moves quickly and takes the reader to  elections, gerrymandering, lobbyists, journalists, foreign intrigue and personal aspirations.  Well worth reading.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsFiction, but uncomfortably close to the truth.ByD. Guttenplanon November 8, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseSurprisingly compelling political thriller by a debut novelist.  Despite what Donald Trump says voting fraud is practically nonexistent in the U.S.  Which doesn't mean elections can't be stolen.  To understand the difference--and read an entertaining story with a sympathetic narrator--read this book.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsScaryByJan1950on April 11, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseThis book highlights many of the issues we need to address within our system. Whatever your political views, this is a great read.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsGood ReadByJ. Freemanon March 4, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseAfter our recent election, this book is fascinating.  It isn't a far stretch to imagine this could happen.  Well written.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsHighly recommend!ByDebbieV37on August 28, 2016Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseDavid Pepper's novel, "The People's House" is a well crafted page turner.  He has deep insight into politics on a local and national level.  I grew up near several of the cities mentioned; Mr. Pepper captures the local flavor perfectly.  The plot is well developed with lots of interesting twists and turns.  There are some themes that are eerily resonant with the current political environment.  It was a fun read  -- and I learned a lot about how political districts are shaped.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsPrescient page turnerByCarl 9Y3on November 4, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseLoved this political thriller.  Amazingly prescient about Russian involvement in US elections, but even if it weren't so timely, definitely enjoyed the twists and turns of the plot.  Wish is were as easy as reading this book to shake up the sclerotic House districts we have0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsToo well-timed!ByPMon December 23, 2016Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseWhile on the surface it appeared as the perfect, light holiday read, combining my love of politics and mysteries, the reality was that it hit a bit too close to home with all that has happened in this election. It was eerily prescient and depressingly relevant. But I did get hooked and hope we'll see more of the characters in future novels. Now if only the election reform that ends the book were to happen in real life...0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.←Previous1234...6Next→

Customers also viewed these itemsLaw and DisorderbyMike Papantonio$16.874.2 out of 5 stars102Moonglow: A NovelbyMichael Chabon$16.904.0 out of 5 stars508Need customer service? Click here‹ See all details for The People's House








There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started







































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
















Our Products | Mezzetta






















Shop

Like Us »
Follow Us »





FEATURE PRODUCT
Jalapeño Peppers

	Jalapeños are moderately hot chili peppers that are two to three inches long and usually dark…
get tips & recipes >














Our Products


	The Mezzepedia: A Guide To Our Food

	Whether it’s your favorite Mezzetta olives, peppers, pasta sauces and more, you’ll find it all in our Mezzepedia. Scroll through our featured product guide below and explore each of our tantalizing treasures. Gourmet is just a click away. If you want to see our full product line, click here >




Olives
Peppers
Pasta & Pizza Sauce
Everything Spreads
Pickled Vegetables
Other Specialties
Sauces & Marinades




prev




 

Jalapeno Stuffed Olives
get tips & recipes >


 

Kalamata Olives
get tips & recipes >


 

Castelvetrano Olives
get tips & recipes >


 

Pimiento Stuffed Olives
get tips & recipes >


 

Martini Olives
get tips & recipes >


 

Cheese Stuffed Olives
get tips & recipes >



 

Garlic Stuffed Olives
get tips & recipes >


 

Appetizer Olives in Dipping Oil
get tips & recipes >




next


prev




 

Banana Peppers
get tips & recipes >


 

Cherry Peppers
get tips & recipes >


 

Hot Chili Peppers
get tips & recipes >


 

Jalapeño Peppers
get tips & recipes >


 

Roasted Red Bell Peppers
get tips & recipes >


 

Green Chili Peppers
get tips & recipes >



 

Peperoncini
get tips & recipes >




next


prev




 

Pesto
get tips & recipes >


 

Napa Valley Homemade Pasta Sauces
get tips & recipes >


 

Pizza Sauce
get tips & recipes >


 

Marinara
get tips & recipes >




next


prev




 

Sun-Dried Tomato & Basil Everything Spread
get tips & recipes >


 

Garlic & Parmesan Everything Spread
get tips & recipes >


 

Olive, Parmesan & Garlic Everything Spread
get tips & recipes >


 

Hot Chili Pepper Everything Spread
get tips & recipes >




next


prev




 

Chicago Style Giardiniera
get tips & recipes >


 

Giardiniera
get tips & recipes >


 

Specialty Vegetables
get tips & recipes >




next


prev




 

California Extra-Virgin Olive Oil
get tips & recipes >


 

Sun Ripened Tomatoes
get tips & recipes >


 

Capers
get tips & recipes >


 

Artichoke Hearts
get tips & recipes >




next


prev




 

Hot Sauce
get tips & recipes >


 

Kona Coast Marinades
get tips & recipes >




next









Featured Recipe


Recipe

See Recipe >


Chimichurri Steak Tacos





Quick Tip


quick tip
#240


	For easy weeknight meals, keep several jars of Mezzetta Marinara on hand for quick pasta dinners, casseroles and slow cooker recipes.



more tips >



From Our Customers
prev




"I absolutely love everything you guys produce. My father is from Sicily and we have trouble finding quality products outside of New York City. You guys are our go to when it comes to Italian food. We especially love your pepperoncinis. I just wanted to say thank you for your commitment to quality. 
                " 
										Charleston,SC





"I just wanted you to know that I LOVE your Garlic Stuffed Green Olives! I am addicted! (Hopefully the garlic is lowering my blood pressure!)

" 
										Thank you, Lael Wisconsin





"I purchased your product Napa Valley Homemade Marinara.  I’ve never used a bottled sauce in the 50 years I’ve been married!  (I am of Italian extractio and always made my own home sauce)  Your sauce is excellent! I just made a cacciatore dinner and used your sauce and it came out scrumptious!" 
										Elena, Pueblo, CO





"Just a little "Hello" and note to tell you that I have tried several of your "Bistro" products very lately and they are delicious!" 
										Sincerely Sharon M Hutcheson





" I absolutely believe you have the best culinary line in America. I have come to know that if I pick up a Mezzetta product I have not tired before, I can trust that it is absolutely top quality and gourmet taste! " 
										Best Regards, R. Stroud Florida





next
submit yours >
















































Grantham University (Grantham) - Course Hero












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


Schools


Grantham






* We aren't endorsed by this school




Grantham University (Grantham) **
School Info 
Grantham University (Grantham) has 192 departments in Course Hero with 18,417 documents, 2,730 answered questions,  and 1 flashcard set.




Slidell, Louisiana


http://www.grantham.edu/


Application





Enrolled Students:
 12,577


Enrolled Undergraduates:
 10,878


Source
								National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015. Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented.




* We aren't endorsed by this school




 


Popular Departments


BA

3,455 Documents 623 Q&As 25 Advice 


CS

1,418 Documents 232 Q&As 11 Advice 


BUSINESS

1,461 Documents 140 Q&As 6 Advice 


GS

833 Documents 99 Q&As 9 Advice 


AH

842 Documents 62 Q&As 16 Advice 


HU

695 Documents 198 Q&As 5 Advice 







Find your department








All Departments (192)
'{[deptFilter.toUpperCase()]}' Departments ({[filteredDepartments.length]})


All
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9








AC

35 Documents 


ACC

2 Documents 


ACCOUNITNG

47 Documents 92 Q&As 


ACCOUNTING

122 Documents 40 Q&As 2 Advice 


ACCT

1 Document 


AH

842 Documents 62 Q&As 1 Flashcard 16 Advice 


AH112 INTR

26 Documents 1 Advice 


AH212   BA

4 Documents 3 Q&As 


ALGEBRA

6 Documents 20 Q&As 2 Advice 


ALLIED HEA

3 Documents 


AME

82 Documents 1 Q&A 


AMERICAN G

24 Documents 3 Q&As 


AR

146 Documents 83 Q&As 1 Advice 


ARARARAR

1 Document 


ART

19 Documents 21 Q&As 2 Advice 


ARTS

58 Documents 6 Q&As 


ASSIGNMENT

9 Documents 


BA

3,455 Documents 623 Q&As 25 Advice 


BA 345

1 Q&A 


BA250 PERS

23 Documents 


BA280 CONS

37 Documents 3 Q&As 


BA320

8 Q&As 


BA330

5 Q&As 


BA340

6 Q&As 


BA350

2 Q&As 


BIO

261 Documents 31 Q&As 3 Advice 


BIOL

4 Documents 1 Q&A 


BIOLOGY

103 Documents 11 Q&As 2 Advice 


BMGT

45 Documents 1 Q&A 


BS

2 Documents 


BSA

91 Documents 


BUISNESS

23 Documents 12 Q&As 1 Advice 


BUS

85 Documents 5 Q&As 3 Advice 


BUSINEES

23 Documents 12 Q&As 1 Advice 


BUSINES

103 Documents 1 Q&A 


BUSINESS

1,461 Documents 140 Q&As 6 Advice 


BUSINESS A

1 Document 


BUSINESS C

46 Documents 3 Q&As 


BUSINESS L

7 Documents 9 Q&As 


BUSINESS M

8 Documents 6 Q&As 


BUSINESS S

43 Documents 2 Q&As 


BUSINIESS

137 Documents 7 Q&As 


CA

19 Q&As 


CAL

8 Q&As 


CH 

13 Documents 23 Q&As 


CHEMISTRY

27 Documents 5 Q&As 


CJ

615 Documents 53 Q&As 2 Advice 


CJ ETHICS

36 Documents 6 Q&As 


CJ102 CRIM

37 Documents 3 Q&As 


CJ403 WHIT

2 Documents 


CM

14 Documents 


CO

124 Documents 25 Q&As 5 Advice 


CODING

10 Documents 


COLLEGE AL

18 Documents 


COMM

9 Documents 


COMMUNICAT

3 Documents 1 Q&A 


COMPUTER

29 Documents 7 Q&As 1 Advice 


COMPUTER E

49 Documents 4 Q&As 3 Advice 


COMPUTER S

60 Documents 17 Q&As 


CRI

20 Documents 


CRIM JUSTI

2 Documents 


CRIMINAL J

298 Documents 24 Q&As 2 Advice 


CRIMINAL L

6 Documents 


CS

1,418 Documents 232 Q&As 11 Advice 


CS-265

4 Q&As 


CS205

1 Q&A 


CT

40 Documents 9 Q&As 


CWV

10 Documents 


DECISION

36 Documents 


DWS

1 Document 


E-COMMEREN

20 Documents 


ECON

31 Documents 


ECONO

6 Documents 


ED

1 Advice 


EDUCATION

1 Document 


EE

294 Documents 8 Q&As 2 Advice 


ELECTRONIC

25 Documents 20 Q&As 


EMERGENCY 

6 Documents 


EMT

1 Document 


EN

317 Documents 23 Q&As 4 Advice 


ENG

101 Documents 15 Q&As 3 Advice 


ENGINEERIN

141 Documents 8 Q&As 3 Advice 


ENGLISH

112 Documents 36 Q&As 1 Advice 


ENTREPRENU

5 Documents 


ET

301 Documents 116 Q&As 4 Advice 


FIN

20 Documents 13 Q&As 


FINANCIAL 

94 Documents 96 Q&As 


FINITE

5 Documents 4 Q&As 


FINITE MAT

35 Documents 6 Q&As 1 Advice 


GENERAL ST

43 Documents 4 Q&As 1 Advice 


GOVERNMENT

29 Documents 5 Q&As 1 Advice 


GP

349 Documents 20 Q&As 1 Advice 


GP 210 AME

53 Documents 168 Q&As 1 Advice 


GP210

1 Document 


GP210 AMER

31 Documents 52 Q&As 1 Advice 


GS

833 Documents 99 Q&As 9 Advice 


GS102

1 Q&A 


GU

319 Documents 61 Q&As 3 Advice 


GU210

1 Document 


HA

1 Document 


HEALTH

34 Documents 1 Q&A 


HISTORY

46 Documents 3 Q&As 


HN

1 Document 


HPI

261 Documents 54 Q&As 2 Advice 


HR

3 Documents 


HRM

185 Documents 


HS

32 Documents 2 Q&As 


HSN

11 Documents 1 Q&A 


HU

695 Documents 198 Q&As 5 Advice 


HUMANITIES

37 Documents 2 Q&As 


IC

15 Documents 


INFO

1 Document 


INFO SEC

12 Documents 


INFO SYSTE

10 Documents 


INFORMATIO

5 Documents 1 Q&A 


INTERPERSO

15 Documents 


INTRO TO B

1 Q&A 


INTRO TO C

27 Documents 1 Q&A 


INTRO TO L

10 Documents 


IS

279 Documents 122 Q&As 


IS231 E-CO

24 Documents 6 Q&As 


IT

45 Documents 1 Q&A 


JUVENILE J

2 Documents 


LAW

14 Documents 3 Q&As 


LEADERSHIP

2 Documents 


MA

547 Documents 251 Q&As 8 Advice 


MACRO

13 Documents 


MACROECONO

7 Documents 


MAE

8 Documents 


MANAGEMENT

9 Documents 


MANAGERIAL

38 Documents 39 Q&As 1 Advice 


MARK

12 Documents 


MARKETING

3 Q&As 


MASTERS BU

1 Q&A 


MAT

27 Documents 


MATH

64 Documents 138 Q&As 2 Advice 


MBA

8 Documents 


MCB

10 Documents 


MECHANICAL

40 Documents 


MEDICAL BI

230 Documents 48 Q&As 3 Advice 


MEDICAL CD

6 Documents 


MEDICAL TE

10 Documents 


MGMT

8 Documents 4 Q&As 


MGT

471 Documents 


MICRO

46 Documents 3 Q&As 


MICROECONO

3 Documents 1 Q&A 


MICROSOFT 

1 Q&A 


MSN

10 Documents 


MULTIDISCI

2 Documents 2 Q&As 


MULTINATIO

1 Document 


NUR

1 Document 


PA

73 Documents 12 Q&As 1 Advice 


PATHOLOGY

7 Documents 


PERS

2 Documents 1 Advice 


PH

192 Documents 15 Q&As 


PHILOSOPHY

74 Documents 52 Q&As 1 Advice 


PHL

4 Documents 


PHY

162 Documents 


PHYS

1 Document 


PHYSICAL C

1 Q&A 


PHYSICAL S

1 Q&A 


PHYSICS

55 Documents 10 Q&As 


PL

48 Documents 8 Q&As 1 Advice 


PROFESSION

1 Q&A 


PROGRAMMIN

9 Documents 11 Q&As 1 Advice 


PS

60 Documents 9 Q&As 1 Advice 


PSY

21 Documents 


PUBLIC REL

32 Q&As 


PUBLICE SP

1 Document 2 Q&As 1 Advice 


ROTC

8 Documents 


SCIENCE

420 Documents 16 Q&As 1 Advice 


SEC

1 Document 


SEC +

1 Document 


SO

143 Documents 2 Q&As 2 Advice 


SOC

30 Documents 3 Q&As 


SOCIOLOGY

17 Documents 


SPCH

16 Documents 


SS

22 Documents 2 Q&As 


STATIS

17 Documents 


STATISTICS

15 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


STRAGETIC 

22 Documents 10 Q&As 1 Advice 


SYSTEM ANA

32 Documents 


TECHNOLOGY

52 Documents 


THEO

11 Documents 


UGB

10 Documents 


UNIVERSTIY

7 Documents 2 Q&As 


UNKNOWN

11 Documents 


WEB

1 Q&A 


WHITE COLL

3 Documents 


WORLD HIST

24 Documents 2 Q&As 


 BA

58 Documents 


.NET CONCE

12 Documents 1 Advice 





							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						

							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


{[ dept.numDocs | number:0 ]} Document{[dept.numDocs>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numQa | number:0 ]} Q&A{[dept.numQa>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numFlashcardSets | number:0 ]} Flashcard{[dept.numFlashcardSets>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numCourseAdvice | number:0 ]} Advice



{[ filteredDepartmentsMessage ]}





Grantham School Information



School Facts 
Admissions 
Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 
Students 






School Facts 



Operating Status: Currently operating Campus: Main campus (and distance learning)
Institution Type: 2 

Degree Type:
Highest Degree —Master's Degree Predominant Degree —Baccalaureate Distance Education: On-campus and Online





Admissions 





Admission Requirement





Secondary School Record Secondary School GPA Secondary School Rank Letters of Recommendation Admission Test Score AP Credits 

Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Yes 







Academics 

Degree Details
Available Fields of Study and Degrees

> Accounting
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Business Administration and Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Computer Engineering Technology/Technician
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Computer Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Criminal Justice/Law Enforcement Administration
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Electrical, Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology/Technician
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Engineering/Industrial Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> General Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Health/Health Care Administration/Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Human Resources Development
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Information Resources Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Information Science/Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Information Technology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Knowledge Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Management Information Systems, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Medical Insurance Coding Specialist/Coder
                            


> Multi-/Interdisciplinary Studies, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Nursing Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            






Highest Degree Academic and Career Counselling Services Placement Services for Graduate 

Master's Degree Yes Yes 






Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 



Undergraduate Tuition


In-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$6,360.00


Out-of-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$6,360.00




Financial Aid — Freshmen Students
                                                                




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
1,776 100% - - 

Grant Aid
1,776 100% $6,180,609.00 $536.00 

Student Loan
- 78% - $3,799.00 



Financial Aid — Undergraduate Students
                                                                    




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
9,522 100% $58,778,945.00 $6,173.00 

Pell Grant Aid
4,378 46% $16,722,934.00 $3,820.00 

Student Loan
4,537 48% $36,206,535.00 $7,980.00 






Students 




Student-Faculty Ratio
22 : 1

























:







Demographics









Source: National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015
Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented above.




Grantham Documents (18,417)
Master your classes with homework help, exam study guides, past papers, and more for Grantham.

 All 
 Assessments 
 Assignments 
 Essays 
 Homework Help 
 Lab Reports 
 Lecture Slides 
 Lesson Plans 
 Notes 
 Reading Lists 
 Rubrics 
 Syllabi 
 Test Prep 


 
Most Recent Documents for Grantham
View all 






3 pages





                   Week 1 Assignment Statistics.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Business statistics
            

                                    BA 215
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Question 1
The following information regarding the ten richest Americans was reported in a recent issue of
Forbes.
1. How many elements are in the above data set? There are ten elements
2. How many variables are in this data set?
There are five variables.
            

Register Now



Week 1 Assignment Statistics.docx







1 pages





                   CJ201 Police Systems Discussion Question Week 3.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Police Systems & Practices
            

                                    CJ 201
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    CJ201 Police Systems
Discussion Question Week 3
Federal law enforcement agencies are the US Secret Service and the FBI. State law
enforcement agencies are the state highway patrol and city law enforcements are your
local police and sheriff departments. Th
            

Register Now



CJ201 Police Systems Discussion Question Week 3.docx







1 pages





                   CJ201 Police Systems Discussion Question Week 2.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Police Systems & Practices
            

                                    CJ 201
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    CJ201 Police Systems
Discussion Question Week 2
Community policing is where police officers are designated to certain areas or
neighborhoods to be able to understand the culture and people they are protecting.
Citizen involvement is very important due to 
            

Register Now



CJ201 Police Systems Discussion Question Week 2.docx







6 pages





                   Gratham University MA105 College Algebra Week 4 midterm.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    College Algebra
            

                                    MA 105
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Gratham University MA105 College Algebra Week 4 midterm
Question 1
5 out of 5 points
Select the graph of the quadratic function (x) = 4 - x2. Identify the vertex
and axis of symmetry. Vertex (0,4)
Question 2
5 out of 5 points
Select the graph of the quadr
            

Register Now



Gratham University MA105 College Algebra Week 4 midterm.docx







7 pages





                   MA105 WEEK 1.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    College Algebra
            

                                    MA 105
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Grantham University MA105 College Algebra WEEK 1
Question 1
5 out of 5 points
Evaluate the expression
-1
Question 2
5 out of 5 points
Identify the terms. Identify the coefficients of the variable terms of the expression.
 35 are the coefficients
Question 
            

Register Now



MA105 WEEK 1.docx







5 pages





                   Final Exam 2017.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    FINAL EXAM
Tabitha Brown
CASE ONE
A police officer sees a car speeding and decides to stop the vehicle. Since this person is
speeding and the law requires us to operate a vehicle at a certain speed the officer has probable
cause to pull the person over an
            

Register Now



Final Exam 2017.docx







3 pages





                   ESSAY.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Week 2 Assignment
Youre the Judge
CJ302 Criminal Justice
Tabitha Brown
Youre the Judge
As a state court judge, based on the situation with the defendant, after looking at all the evidence
and what took place on the night of the arrest I would approve the 
            

Register Now



ESSAY.docx







2 pages





                   Using Apps to Record.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Using Apps to Record Police Activity
Tabitha Brown
After researching a few apps that allow someone to record police activity, I like the
Hands Up 4 Justice app. This app was created by Duncan Kirkwood after an encounter with a
police officer in North Caro
            

Register Now



Using Apps to Record.docx







1 pages





                   False Confessions.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    False Confessions
Tabitha Brown
After watching the Innocence Project and listening to each persons story, it is
understandable how a false confession could occur. Being the victim and having someone come
in and violate your space can be devastating. You w
            

Register Now



False Confessions.docx







3 pages





                   Youre the Judge Week 4.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Grantham University
Youre the Judge
Week 4 Assignment
Brown, Tabitha N SFC MIL USA TRADOC USAREC
Youre the Judge Week 4
Police officers many times conduct a search without a warrant. It then falls on the
officer to prove whether the search was valid witho
            

Register Now



Youre the Judge Week 4.docx







2 pages





                   Gideon v Wainwright.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Week 1 Assignment
Gideon v.
Wainwright
CJ302 Criminal Justice Grantham University
Brown, Tabitha N SFC MIL USA TRADOC USAREC
CASE BRIEF Gideon v. Wainwright
Fourteenth Amendment Violation
Gideon v. Wainwright (1963)
FACTS
Clarence Gideon was charged with 
            

Register Now



Gideon v Wainwright.docx







2 pages





                   Eyewitness Misidentification.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Criminal Justice
            

                                    CJ 302
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Grantham University
Eyewitness
Misidentification
Week 5 Assignment
Brown, Tabitha N SFC MIL USA TRADOC USAREC
Eyewitness Identification
I admire the people who are a part of the Innocence Project and their tireless efforts to get it
right. Those people wh
            

Register Now



Eyewitness Misidentification.docx







7 pages





                   W7 Quiz.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Review Test Submission: W7 Quiz: Logical Fallacies
User
Course EN102 English Composition II (07-JUN-17 - 01-AUG-17 [23222])
Test
W7 Quiz: Logical Fallacies
Started 7/22/17 10:57 AM
Submitted
7/22/17 11:24 AM
Due Date
7/25/17 11:59 PM
Status Needs Grading

            

Register Now



W7 Quiz.docx







2 pages





                   W3 Discussion.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Step 1: Stock, M.D. (2013). Military Immigration Issues. Gosolo, 30(5). 38-41. The article was about
what requirements are needed for a person to enlist in the US military. The peacetime naturalization
law allows anyone with a green card and one year of m
            

Register Now



W3 Discussion.docx







5 pages





                   W3 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Andrew Jones
Grantham University
June 27, 2017
1
1. The article I was entitled Commentary: Have a pre-existing condition? Senate health
care bill's not for you by Melinda Welsh. The purpose of this article was to inform
people with pre-existing conditions
            

Register Now



W3 Assignment.docx







2 pages





                   W5 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    1. Mller, Alex. (2017). Scrambling for access: availability, accessibility, acceptability and quality of
healthcare for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people in South Africa. BMC International
Health & Human Rights. 5/30/2017, Vol. 17, p1-10. 10p.
            

Register Now



W5 Assignment.docx







4 pages





                   EN102_Jones_Andrew_G00125531.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    EBSCO Practice
This practice exercise will show you how to begin a search, how to qualify the authors of sources, and how to narrow
your search from thousands of sources to a more manageable number of sources.
1. In G-Life, click on the Resources tab.
2. 
            

Register Now



EN102_Jones_Andrew_G00125531.docx







2 pages





                   W2 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Education
1. Is it necessary to go to college in order to be successful?
2. How much more money can you make in your life with a college degree verses no
college degree?
3. Should college tuition be free?
4. Does college education guarantee a good job?
Sp
            

Register Now



W2 Assignment.docx







3 pages





                   W4 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    PUBLIC ADMINSTRATION
            

                                    PA PA301
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    Administrative Discretion
Public administration is the implementation of government policy and an academic
discipline that studies this implementation and prepares civil servants for working in the public
service. A public administrator is a government se
            

Register Now



W4 Assignment.docx







2 pages





                   W2 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    PUBLIC ADMINSTRATION
            

                                    PA PA301
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    Administration and Politics Dichotomy
I do feel the distinction between administration and politics is practical and workable. Both are
needed in public administration. Politics is the activities associated with the governance of a
country or other area, 
            

Register Now



W2 Assignment.docx







2 pages





                   Week 1 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    1
Section 1:
Quoting must be identical to the original source. Quoting also should match the source
document word for word and include the original author.
Paraphrasing is putting parts from source material into your own words. Paraphrase must also
includ
            

Register Now



Week 1 Assignment.docx







2 pages





                   W4 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION II
            

                                    EN EN102
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                     America really was that great (but that doesn't mean we are now) is about why America is
considered an exceptional country and the steps it needs to take to remain an exceptional country.
To remain exceptional, America must respond effectively to its fou
            

Register Now



W4 Assignment.docx







1 pages





                   W6 Assignment.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    PUBLIC ADMINSTRATION
            

                                    PA PA301
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    Public interest is the welfare of the public in which the whole society has a stake and which
warrants recognition. It is claimed generally by governments in matters of state secrecy and
confidentiality. It is approximated by comparing expected gains and 
            

Register Now



W6 Assignment.docx







5 pages





                   Davis Persuasive Essay revised .docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION
            

                                    ENG 101
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Running Head: Healthy School Lunch
The Need for a Healthy National School Lunch Program
Grantham University
1
Running Head: Healthy School Lunch
2
School lunch has been part of the American education system since 1946. According to
the United States Depar
            

Register Now



Davis Persuasive Essay revised .docx







4 pages





                   Davis Consumer Behavior.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Foundations of Marketing
            

                                    BA 181
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Running Head: Consumer Behavior
Consumer decision making at the Evaluation alternatives stage is most affected by
comparison shopping. When determining what product to purchase customers read reviews, and
compare prices (Flekel, n.d.). In todays society t
            

Register Now



Davis Consumer Behavior.docx







3 pages





                   C. Davis Narrative Essay.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    ENGLISH COMPOSITION
            

                                    ENG 101
                                        -
                                        Fall 2012
                        

                    Change is Inevitable
Life changes in an instance. Every culture has rites of passages that signify change has
come. The idea is that one is prepared for the movement to the next stage of life. We often
assume these rites of passages are joyous occasions. 
            

Register Now



C. Davis Narrative Essay.docx







3 pages





                   Product Failure.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Foundations of Marketing
            

                                    BA 181
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Running Head: The Failure of Zune
1
This millennium has seen a rise in devices that are technologically advanced and
dedicated to personal entertainment. Apple create the IPod. Microsoft answer was the Windows
Zune. The Zune however was a huge failure. Th
            

Register Now



Product Failure.docx







1 pages





                   Davis_Week 1 Marketing.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    Foundations of Marketing
            

                                    BA 181
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Marketers create a culture in which consumers determine what they want,need
and desire. This is often done bry creating availiabilty of a product. Consumers often do
not realize how much they need an item until they have been introduced to it. One
example
            

Register Now



Davis_Week 1 Marketing.docx







5 pages





                   electoralcollege.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    American Government I
            

                                    GP 210
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Running Head: Electoral College
1
The Electoral College is an archaic political convention. It undermines the power of the
people in a democracy.
The United States is a democracy, where citizens have the final vote in determining who
are the individuals w
            

Register Now



electoralcollege.docx







3 pages





                   Davis_ Supreme Court.docx
                


                        Grantham
            

                    American Government I
            

                                    GP 210
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Running Head: Ogergefellv Hodges
1
Obergefell V. Hodges has been one of the greatest case to reach the supreme court this
millennium. The case was brought to the Supreme Court due to the plaintiff accusation that
certain states ban on marriage and subsequ
            

Register Now



Davis_ Supreme Court.docx








Grantham Questions & Answers



Showing 1 to 8 of 2,730
View all 












Please answer the attached question in plain English and within the word count.
















Intellectual autonomy Intellectual courage Intellectual empathy Intellectual humility Intellectual integrity Intellectual perseverance Intellectual sense of
















Discussion 1-- 500 word min. Cite sources While looking at budgeting this week, we encountered numerous forms of variances (the difference between a standard
















Congratulations! You are a proud owner of an engraving business. However, you are using an aging rotary engraver to engrave plaques and trophies. The machine
















Please help me with my mid-term exam for my public speaking class. The instructions that must be followed are listed below. In preparation for your final
















District of Columbia v. Heller : NRA's Amicus Curiae Brief Read the NRA's amicus brief submitted in the District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008).
















I need help with this question ASAP, The harmful effects of deforestation can reduce biodiversity and the ecological services provided by forests on a global
















Please answer the following questions within the requested word count.











Grantham Flashcards

 
Showing 1 to 1 of 1
View all 






                            15 terms
                    
Term:

                            When services are provided to surgical patients that are not included as part of the anesthesia service code, they are reported separately. ___________  is added to each code to indicate that the service provided was independent of the anesthesia service.
                    
Definition:

                            Modifier  -59
                    






Medical Coding Flashcards

                                    15 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Medical Coding Flashcards. Find, create, and access Medical Coding, Billing & Coding,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Medical Coding Flashcards
                    








Grantham Courses with Advice


Showing 1 to {[ numOfCoursesWithAdviceToShow ]} of {[ totalNumCoursesWithAdvice ]}
View all 

Sort by:


{[$select.selected.label]}











								{[ courseWithAdvice.deptAcro + " " + courseWithAdvice.courseNum ]}
								{[ courseWithAdvice.courseName ]}
							


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog




(from {[ courseWithAdvice.numCourseAdvice ]} students)





Be the first to share words of wisdom!
You'll get $10 in tutor credits for sharing advice on 3 courses.
Give Advice





Grantham Top Courses




											HU 260 - Strategies for Decision Making										
 (599 Documents)





											GS 102 - L										
 (592 Documents)





											BUSINESS 100										
 (360 Documents)





											BA 215										
 (330 Documents)





											GP 210										
 (299 Documents)





											CS 192 - programing essentails										
 (260 Documents)





											MGT 330										
 (244 Documents)





											BA 260 - Business Law										
 (237 Documents)





											MGT 439										
 (223 Documents)





											CS 105 - Computer Applications										
 (219 Documents)







Browse Schools















            Tweet
        








Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 
























PEPPER - salt water swimming pool maintenance | APi - Pool and Water Care Chemical Products











































 Help Contact Us Where To Buy




































The Perfect Ingredient for Salt Water Pools



The Perfect Ingredient for Salt Water Pools





Product InfoUsage & Guidelines










PEPPER® is the perfect ingredient for salt water pools. It is a special blend of select ingredients formulated to work specifically with the unique demands of salt water pools. Adding PEPPER to your pool will enhance water quality, protect equipment, and reduce overall maintenance.
Use PEPPER regularly to:


Increase the life and performance of the salt water generator
Improve sanitizer effectiveness
Greatly enhance water clarity
Limit troublesome pH fluctuations
Prevent scale buildup on the generator cell, pool equipment and surfaces
Help maintain low phosphate levels

PEPPER is compatible with all pool surfaces and equipment, plus there is no waiting to swim. After the initial application, most salt water generators can be operated at lower settings. Use just twice a month to keep your salt water swimming pool perfectly seasoned!





What PEPPER does for your pool:

Greatly enhances water clarity – oxidizes debris and enhances filter performance
Provides extended protection for pool equipment and the generator cell
Significantly reduces pool maintenance – fewer chemical balance adjustments and less cleaning

















What PEPPER does for your pool:

Greatly enhances water clarity – oxidizes debris and enhances filter performance
Provides extended protection for pool equipment and the generator cell
Significantly reduces pool maintenance – fewer chemical balance adjustments and less cleaning

















Step One
Balance...





Balance the pool water as follows:
pH: 7.2 – 7.4
Total Alkalinity: 80 – 120 ppm
Calcium Hardness: 250 – 400 ppm
CYA: 40 – 80 ppm
Salt Level: Refer to generator instructions






Step Two
Add PEPPER®...





Add PEPPER directly in front of jet or broadcast over pool surface with pump running.
Initial dosage: Add 1 lb. per 10,000 gallons
Every 2 weeks: Add 1/2 lb per 10,000 gallons






Step Three
Test chlorine...





Test chlorine level after 7 days and adjust generator as needed. You will find that most generators can be operated at lower settings.







































Have more questions?
Find a Dealer 






Follow Us







Proud Supporters of


Dealer & Distributor Portal


 Login


 Register









“Just wanted to thank you for a great product. After four weeks of trying several different products and also adding way to much chlorine, we can finally see the bottom of our pool. Added REVIVE! at 6PM last night, by the time we went to bed, we could notice a difference and when I got up this morning everything had settled to the bottom. Used the vacuum for about an hour this morning and were swimming this afternoon. Will probably have to vacuum once more, but so glad this product was recommended to us.”
 – Donna, Ohio





“Easy, simple, worry free…these all describe how my pool maintenance has been since I started using EZ POOL! I have a big pool and it is not a big job with E-Z POOL, just once a week. Once the pool is open and clear in the spring, I just have Caryl’s experts test my pool sample once a week to make sure the balancing chemicals and pH are good. Algaecides are not needed. Brush, brush, brush, as Caryl recommends and my pool is beautiful all summer! Also, it is gentle to the skin and does not effect your hair color. I highly recommend E-Z POOL!”
 – Trish, Greensboro, NC





“I have used the EZ Spa now for four years. It is the best spa treatment I have ever used. It makes the water feel really soft and refreshing. I use it once a week and forget it. My spa stays crystal clear. I love this stuff. Not to mention when you use EZ Spa you don’t have to buy so many other chemicals. I also noticed that EZ Spa is extremely gentle on the skin. I can’t say enough about how good this stuff is. Try it, you’ll love it!”
 – Terri G., NJ








Quick Contact




Quick Contact (Footer)








Name
        *




Email Address
        *




Message
        *











































HomeAbout UsPool ProductsE-Z POOL®REVIVE!®REVEAL®PEPPER®CLOUD OUT™FLIP OUT™Spa ProductsEZ SPA®EZ3 SPA® Care KitEZ SPA® Support ProductsBlog



