    Antonio Pera | Par Pharmaceutical Companies , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Antonio Pera - EXTON,PA | antonio r pera | 9+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for antonio r pera









Results from Intelius. Showing top 3 of 3 results.






Premium Public Records for Antonio R Pera found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Antonio R Pera found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Antonio R Pera and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Antonio PeraEXTON, PA
Exton,PAHudson,OHWayne,PASchaumburg,ILColumbus,OH
133 **** 161 **** 184 **** 161 **** 133 **** 184 **** 184 **** 120 **** 133 **** 
Age: 60yrs.
Anthony MarshallRose-Mary PeraConnor PeraMichael PeraGregory Pera
Get People Search Report  >>

Antonio Ramon PeraMIAMI, FL
Miami,FL
130 **** 130 **** 
Age: 89yrs.
 
Get People Search Report  >>

Antonio R PeraTINLEY PARK, IL
Tinley Park,IL
 
 
Wendy PeraLauren PeraFermina PeraGonzalo Pera
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from US Search. Showing top 3 of 3 results.






Premium Public Records for name Antonio R Pera found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Antonio R Pera and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Antonio R PeraTINLEY PARK, IL
1 Address(s) Found Tinley Park, IL
-
 
Wendy PeraLauren PeraFermina PeraGonzalo Pera
Get People Search Report  >>

Antonio Ramon PeraMIAMI, FL
1 Address(s) Found Miami, FL
-
Age: 89yrs.  
-
Get People Search Report  >>

Antonio PeraBEDFORD, OH
7 Address(s) Found Bedford, OHRandolph, NJTwinsburg, OHAkron, OHChardon, OHHudson, OHWheeling, IL
Antonio Rodolfo PeraAntonio G Pera
Age: 60yrs.  
Anthony MarshallRose-mary PeraConnor PeraMichael PeraGregory Pera
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from PublicRecords360. Showing top 3 of 3 results.






Premium Public Records for Antonio R Pera found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. People Finder Results may contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Antonio R Pera and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
MIAMI, FLAntonio Ramon Pera
1 Address(s) Found Miami,FL
2 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 89yrs.  
 
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
BEDFORD, OHAntonio Pera
5 Address(s) Found Bedford,OHRandolph,NJTwinsburg,OHAkron,OHChardon,OH
10 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 60yrs.  
Anthony MarshallRose-mary PeraConnor PeraMichael PeraGregory Pera
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
TINLEY PARK, ILAntonio R Pera
1 Address(s) Found Tinley Park,IL
 
 
Wendy PeraLauren PeraFermina PeraGonzalo Pera
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>


Public Comments for antonio r pera. 






Public comments related to name Antonio R Pera are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Antonio R Pera





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Antonio R Pera - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-26-2017 07-25-2017 07-24-2017 07-23-2017 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Antonio Pera - EXTON,PA | antonio r pera | 9+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for antonio r pera are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for antonio r pera are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.


















Antonio R Pera - Tinley Park, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Antonio R Pera in Tinley Park, IL


Antonio R Pera

                                                Intelius found that Antonio R Pera  is  a male from Tinley Park, IL.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                0 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Antonio Has Lived In

Tinley Park, IL

Antonio's Relatives

Wendy Pera
Lauren Pera
Fermina Pera
Gonzalo Pera







Antonio R Pera



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Antonio? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Antonio, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Antonio R Pera
Get a Criminal Check on Antonio R Pera
Get a Public Record Report on Antonio R Pera
Get a People Search Report on Antonio R Pera


Antonio R Pera's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Antonio R Pera has lived as well as Antonio R Pera's phone numbers and email addresses.




Antonio R Pera Has Lived in 1 States
Illinois Address for Antonio R Pera


6331 P*** R**** C* 

Tinley Park, IL


Has Lived In

Tinley Park, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Antonio R Pera



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Antonio R Pera

a*********a@***.com


Get Email Report




Antonio R Pera's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Antonio R Pera


Antonio R Pera's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Antonio R Pera's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Antonio Pera
Username Matches

                  AntonioPera
                  PeraAntonio
                  Antonio.Pera
                  Pera.Antonio
                  Antonio_Pera
                  Pera_Antonio
                  Antonio-Pera
                  Pera-Antonio
                  APera
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Pera







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Antonio R. Pera: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:21 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Endo International plc



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Antonio R. Pera  President of Par Pharmaceutical, Endo International plcAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 6 different industries.60--
Background

		Mr. Antonio R. Pera, also known as Tony, has been the President of Par Pharmaceutical at Endo International plc since November 1, 2016. Mr. Pera serves as the Secretary-Treasurer of the Board of Directors for the Generic Pharmaceutical Association (GPhA). He served as the Chief Commercial Officer of Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc. since February 2014. He joined Par in February 2014 as part of Par's acquisition of JHP Pharmaceutical. Mr. Pera served as Senior Vice President ... of Supply Chain Management at AmerisourceBergen Corporation since 2008. Mr. Pera was responsible for all sales, marketing, pricing and customer operations functions for Par. He served as Executive Vice President of Generics Business of Fresenius Kabi Pharmaceuticals Holding, Inc. (formerly, American Pharmaceutical Partners Inc. and Abraxis Bioscience, Inc.) since October 4, 2004. Mr. Pera is a 25-year veteran of the pharmaceutical industry, co-founded Bedford Laboratories, the generic injectable drugs division of Ben Venue Laboratories, which was acquired by Boehringer-Ingelheim in 1997. At Bedford he served as Bedford's Vice President and General Manager. He served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Oakwood Laboratories, a drug delivery company. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Akorn, Inc., an ophthalmic and parenteral drug manufacturer. Prior to Ben Venue, from 1980 to 1992, he developed experience in various health care organizations, beginning his career as a sales representative at Travenol Laboratories (now Baxter Healthcare Corporation) and progressing through a number of sales, business development and general management positions at Lyphomed and Anaquest, which was acquired by Baxter in 1998. Mr. Pera served as a Director of Novadaq Technologies Inc. He served as Director of Akorn, Inc. He served numerous senior leadership positions with generic drug companies including APP (also known as Fresenius Kabi), Bedford Laboratories and LyphoMed. Mr. Pera earned a Master of Business Administration Degree from DePaul University and a Bachelor of Science Degree in business administration from the University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Minerva HouseDublin, Co. Dublin 4IrelandPhone: 353 1 268 2000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BSBA University of Illinois-Urbana-ChampaignMBA DePaul University
Other Affiliations
Fresenius Kabi Pharmaceuticals Holding, Inc.AmerisourceBergen CorporationAkorn, Inc.Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc.Novadaq Technologies Inc.University of Illinois-Urbana-ChampaignDePaul University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWalter M. Rosebrough Jr.President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorSteris Plc$840.0KRoger J. Medel M.D.Co-Founder, CEO & DirectorMEDNAX, Inc.$1.0MDow R. Wilson Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorVarian Medical Systems, Inc.$1.2MNamal  Nawana Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorAlere Inc.$1.1MMark Christopher Trudeau Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mallinckrodt Public Limited Company$1.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Endo International plc, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Antonio R. Pera - President at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Antonio R. Pera
President at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Public Holdings 


Antonio R. Pera
President at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.



 Overview



Age



58
                                  (Born 1959)
                                              




Notable Companies


Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.

Bedford Laboratories, Inc.




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 642 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
December 12, 2016





                        Endo International begins shipment of generic ZETIA                    





RelSci
November 16, 2016





                        Antonio R. Pera is now serving in a new position at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.                    





PR Newswire
November 7, 2016





                        Endo Strengthens Leadership Team with Appointment of Two Key Executives                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Michael Tropiano

Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President at Par Pharmaceutical, Inc.




Paul V. Campanelli

Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at Endo International Plc





Thomas J. Haughey

General Counsel at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.




Terrance J. Coughlin

Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer at Endo International Plc





Joseph A. Barbarite

Senior Vice President-Quality & Compliance at Par Pharmaceutical, Inc.




Ramu Surapanaene

Partner at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.





Kamlesh Brahmbhatt

Group Leader at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.




Peter Wolf

Former Head-Media Relations at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.





Donald W. DeGolyer

President & Chief Executive Officer at Vertice Pharma LLC




Bob Billings

Interim Executive Director at Association for Accessible Medicines







See 632 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 632 More 


 


 Paths to Antonio R. Pera



            Antonio R. Pera          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Antonio R. Pera






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Antonio R. Pera.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


DePaul University

                  DePaul, in common with all universities, is dedicated to teaching, research, and public service. However, in pursuing its own distinctive purposes, among these three fundamental responsibilities this university places highest priority on programs of instruction and learning. All curricula emphasize skills and attitudes that educate students to be lifelong, independent learners. DePaul provides sufficient diversity in curricular offerings, personal advisement, student services, and extracurricular activities to serve students who vary in age, ability, experience, and career interests. Full-time and part-time students are accorded equivalent service and are held to the same academic standards.                




 


University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign

                  The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is a public research-intensive university in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the flagship campus of the University of Illinois system. The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is the second oldest public university in the state (after Illinois State University), and is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference. It is considered a Public Ivy and is a member of the Association of American Universities.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


Licensing Executives Society International

                  Licensing Executives Society has constructed an online presence, based upon those items in which members have expressed the most interest. The site will be easier to use, allow more members to contribute content and will allow the organization to provide world-class services to its Societies and their members, both now and in the future.                





 Career History



President, Par Pharmaceutical

                                    2016 - Current                


Endo International Plc


                  Endo International Plc operates as a pharmaceutical company. It focuses on developing, manufacturing, and distributing of branded and generic pharmaceutical products. The company operates through the following segments: U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals, U.S. Generic pharmaceuticals and International Pharmaceuticals. The U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals offers products that focus on the treatment and management of conditions in urology, urologic oncology, endocrinology, and orthopedics. The U.S. Generic pharmaceuticals segment consist of a differentiated product portfolio including high-barrier-to-entry products, first-to-file or first-to-market opportunities that are difficult to formulate, difficult to manufacture or face complex legal and regulatory challenges. The International Pharmaceuticals segment includes a variety of pharmaceutical products for the Canadian, Latin American, South African, and world markets. Endo International was founded on October 31, 2013 and is headquartered Dublin, Ireland.                




President

                                    2014 - Current                


Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.






Head-US Generic Business

                                    Prior - 2006                


American Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc.


                  American Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc. is engaged in to developing, manufacturing and marketing injectable pharmaceutical products. The company produces generic injectable pharmaceutical products in more than 300 dosages and formulations. The company focuses mainly in the oncology, anti-infective and critical care markets. The company is located in Schaumburg, IL.                




Senior Vice President-Supply Chain Management

                                    2006 - Prior                


AmerisourceBergen Corporation


                  AmerisourceBergen Corporation is one of the world's largest pharmaceutical services companies serving global markets with a focus on the pharmaceutical supply chain. Servicing both pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers, the Company provides drug distribution and related services designed to reduce costs and improve patient outcomes.  Our scale, our position in the healthcare industry, and the value we bring to the channel have all helped our business continue to succeed.

Headquartered in Valley Forge, PA, AmerisourceBergen has locations around the world. In the US, we handle about 20% of all of the pharmaceuticals sold and distributed throughout the country.


We strive to take costs out of the healthcare system by using our scale and efficient operations to drive value for our customers. In addition to delivering pharmaceuticals on a just-in-time basis to tens of thousands of healthcare providers every day, we provide business support and consulting services to help our customers focus on their key strength—caring for patients.


AmerisourceBergen is committed to the safety and security of the nation’s pharmaceutical supply chain. We purchase all branded and generic pharmaceuticals only directly from the product’s manufacturer, except in the rare instance that we are required to do otherwise either by the manufacturer or a government agency.                




Co-Founder

                                    2000 - 2012                


Bedford Laboratories, Inc.


                  Bedford Laboratories is a leading provider of generic sterile injectable medicines with a focus on acute-care hospitals, group purchasing organizations and oncology treatment centers. Bedford Laboratories develops and distributes a broad portfolio of high-quality, medically necessary medicines to patients in hospitals and clinics across the United States and Puerto Rico through authorized distributors and drug wholesalers. Founded in 1993, Bedford has one of the largest and most experienced generic injectable salesforces in the industry, and is one of the top three Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) holders in the U.S. Bedford’s capabilities include Sales and Marketing, Business Development, New Product Development and Regulatory Affairs.                




Secretary & Treasurer

                                    Prior                


Association for Accessible Medicines


                  PROMOTES THE INTERESTS OF ENTITIES ENGAGED IN THE GENERIC PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY.                




Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations

                                    Prior                


Par Sterile Products LLC


                  PAR Sterile Products LLC develops, manufactures and distributes generic pharmaceuticals. The firm's products include adrenalin injection, adrenalin chloride solution, aplisol, argatroban injection, brevital sodium, buprenorphine HCL injection, CIII, colistimethate for injection, USP, coly-mycin m, dantrium IV, dantrium capsules, delestrogen, dexmedetomidine HCI, injection, ethacrynate sodium for injection, USP, fluphenazine decanoate injection, USP, ketalar, pitocin, tigan, triostat, vasostrict and zoledronic acid injection. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Chestnut Ridge, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Association for Accessible Medicines

                    PROMOTES THE INTERESTS OF ENTITIES ENGAGED IN THE GENERIC PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1 - $99

                  2008
                


The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois


                  Part of University of Illinois, The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois is an American company located in Urbana, IL. The firm trusts Except Educational Religious.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Antonio R. Pera is affiliated with
                            Endo International Plc, Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., American Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc., AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Bedford Laboratories, Inc., Association for Accessible Medicines, Par Sterile Products LLC, Association for Accessible Medicines.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤































Par Pharmaceutical Names Antonio R. Pera Chief Commercial Officer












































Skip to main content












Advertisement 

 



Home
TopicsBig Pharma
Contract Manufacturing
Drug Development
Enterprise Technology
Facility
Global
Operations
Recalls
Regulatory
Supply Chain

WatchInterphex Live

Search
EventsInterphex

SocialFacebook
Twitter
YouTube

GuidesCompanies
Products

Learn
Digital
 



Login
Register
Subscribe
ChannelsMNET
CHEM
FM
ID
IMPO
MBT

 





Advertisement 

 















 












Advertisement 

 











 






 Par Pharmaceutical Names Antonio R. Pera Chief Commercial Officer  
 Thu, 02/20/2014 - 3:25pm 
 Comments 
 by  

 



Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. has announced that Antonio R. Pera has been named chief commercial officer.  Following its acquisition of JHP Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Pera has been chosen to lead Par's newly-integrated sales and marketing organization.  In this capacity, he will be instrumental in managing Par's relationships with its major trade partners. 
Mr. Pera joins Par from JHP where he served as senior vice president, commercial operations.  He has more than 30 years' experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including manufacturer and wholesaler, as well as generic and branded.  Prior to joining JHP, Mr. Pera was senior vice president, supply chain management at AmerisourceBergen Corporation (ABC).  While at ABC, he served as a corporate officer and led the procurement function for a Fortune 25 corporation with sales of more than $80 billion.  Prior to ABC, his experience includes senior management positions at several leading generic pharmaceutical companies and he began his career in 1980 as a sales representative for Baxter Travenol Laboratories, Inc. 
"Tony has enjoyed a distinguished career in the pharmaceutical industry and we are very pleased to have him join the Par team," said Paul V. Campanelli, chief executive officer of Par Pharmaceutical Companies.  "He has a demonstrated expertise in the marketing, sales and distribution of generic drugs.  We look forward to the leadership Tony will provide our commercial organization and the many contributions he will make to our company." 
Mr. Pera earned an MBA from DePaul University in 1984 and a B.S. in business administration from the University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana in 1979.     









Advertisement 

 
 











Advertisement 

 



View the discussion thread. 





























      Connect with Pharmaceutical Processing    

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
 



      Resources    

About Us
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Contributor Guidelines
Directory FAQs
Privacy Policy
Product Announcement Form
RSS
Subscriptions
Terms & Conditions
 



      Topics    

Big Pharma
Contract Manufacturing
Drug Development
Enterprise Technology
Facility
Global
Operations
Recalls
Regulatory
Supply Chain
 



© Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media 







 
 










 










 



 










Advertisement 

 




















 





  

 






  



 














Endo International PLC : ENDP Stock Price Quote at Ally Invest






















Quotes Snapshot > ENDPEndo International PLC ENDP:NASDAQSet AlertOptionsStreaming ChartsLast Price$11.16NASDAQ Previous Close - Last Trade as of 4:00PM ET 7/27/17Today's Change-0.15(1.33%)Bid (Size)$11.00 (1)Ask (Size)$11.50 (2)Day Low / High$11.05 - 11.39Volume24.6  KSellBuySnapshotChartsNewsOptionsEarningsFundamentalsFinancialsInsiders




View advanced chart







Mountain
OHLC
Candlestick
Line


Chart Style

Download historical data





 


View Pharmaceuticals: Other IndustryPeer Comparison as of 07/27/20171 Day5 Day1 Month3 Month1 Year5 Year10 YearTimeframe Endo International PLC ( NASDAQ )Price: $11.16Change: -0.15 (1.33%)Volume: 22.7  K7/27/2017 SellBuyDetailed Quote|Set Alert|Options Chain Horizon Pharma PLC ( NASDAQ )Price: $12.66Change: -0.56 (4.24%)Volume: 12.6  K7/27/2017 SellBuyDetailed Quote|Set Alert|Options Chain Amarin Corporation PLC ( NASDAQ )Price: $3.95Change: -0.15 (3.66%)Volume: 8.6  K7/27/2017 SellBuyDetailed Quote|Set Alert|Options Chain ICON PLC ( NASDAQ )Price: $105.83Change: +6.36 (6.39%)Volume: 15.5  K7/27/2017 SellBuyDetailed Quote|Set Alert|Options Chain Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC ( NASDAQ )Price: $158.64Change: -2.88 (1.78%)Volume: 2.4  K7/27/2017 SellBuyDetailed Quote|Set Alert|Options Chain

Read more news
				Recent News
			
UPDATE: Endo Sees Realizing ~$55M-$65M In Annual Net Run Rate Pre-Tax Cost Savings By Q4'188:33AM ET 7/21/2017 BenzingaÂŠ 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.UPDATE: Endo Sees Restructuring Actions To Reduce Co.'s Workforce By ~875 Positions, Result In Pre-Tax Charge Of ~$325M8:32AM ET 7/21/2017 BenzingaÂŠ 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims On Behalf of Investors of Endo International plc - ENDP6:28PM ET 7/07/2017 Business WireENDP INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Endo International plc7:58AM ET 7/07/2017 Business Wire


View all
				Commentary and Analysis
			
Is The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?9:54AM ET 7/20/2017 Seeking AlphaEarnings Preview: Valeant Pharmaceuticals8:58AM ET 7/18/2017 Seeking AlphaInsys Guilty Pleas Get Closer To Former CEO4:49PM ET 7/13/2017 Seeking AlphaQ3 Biotech Catalyst Watch: Key PDUFAs (Part 3)1:06PM ET 7/13/2017 Seeking Alpha


Company Profile

Business DescriptionEndo International Plc operates as a pharmaceutical company. It focuses on developing, manufacturing, and distributing of branded and generic pharmaceutical products. The company operates through the following segments: U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals, U.S. Generic pharmaceuticals and International Pharmaceuticals. The U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals offers products that focus on the treatment and management of conditions in urology, urologic oncology, endocrinology, and orthopedics. The U.S. Generic pharmaceuticals segment consist of a differentiated product portfolio including high-barrier-to-entry products, first-to-file or first-to-market opportunities that are difficult to formulate, difficult to manufacture or face complex legal and regulatory challenges. The International Pharmaceuticals segment includes a variety of pharmaceutical products for the Canadian, Latin American, South African, and world markets. Endo International was founded on October 31, 2013 and is headquartered Dublin, Ireland. View company web site for more detailsAddressMinerva HouseDublin, Dublin 4Phone+353.1.268.2000Number of Employees4,894Recent SEC Filing07/21/20178-K President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorPaul V. CampanelliChief Operating Officer & Executive Vice PresidentTerrance J. CoughlinChief Financial Officer & Executive Vice PresidentBlaise ColemanSVP-Operations, Research & Development StrategyRobert J. Cobuzzi





Company Highlights
Price Open$11.26Previous Close$11.1652 Week Range$9.70 - 24.93Market Capitalization$1.7  BShares Outstanding151.8  MSectorHealth TechnologyIndustryPharmaceuticals: OtherNext Earnings Announcement08/08/2017


Options Summary
Call Open Interest (1d)*Put Open Interest (1d)*Call Volume (1d)*Put Volume (1d)*Put Call Open Interest Ratio (1d)*Put Call Volume Ratio (1d)** Data delayed by up to 15 minutes



View all fundamentalsFundamentals
Price / EarningsN/AEarnings per Share-$2.55Beta vs. S&P 5001.37Revenue$4.0  BNet Profit Margin-80.81%Return on Equity-76.75%






Analyst Ratings as of 07/21/2017Buy6Overweight0Hold16Underweight0Sell0Consensus RecommendationPowered by Factset



 



















News on Antonio R. Pera


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Antonio R. Pera                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Antonio R. Pera











Endo International begins shipment of generic ZETIA


                                December 12, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... patients managing their cholesterol levels the first generic version of ZETIA," said Tony Pera, President of Par Pharmaceutical. "Par remains committed to providing patients access ...
                                









Antonio R. Pera is now serving in a new position at Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.


                                November 16, 2016                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Endo Strengthens Leadership Team with Appointment of Two Key Executives


                                November 7, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Terrance J. Coughlin Named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Tony Pera Named President, Par Pharmaceutical Endo International plc (NASDAQ: ENDP) (TSX: ENL) ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.







Alumni of DePaul University







Antonio R. Pera

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Content about Antonio R. Pera - Drug Store News 



































































Open search form

Log In  / Create an Account  


Toggle navigation


linkedin
facebook
twitter
rss

Continuing Pharmacy Education

DSN DrugStoreNews

















	  February 21, 2014



Par Pharmaceutical names new chief commercial officer



Par Pharmaceutical announced the appointment of Antonio R. Pera as CCO. 







 

            ﻿  




		Newsletter Sign Up

Get the latest news sent to your inbox

     

 


























Popular
Most Commented





CVS Health makes naloxone available without an Rx in South Dakota


L'Oréal Paris to unveil new lipstick on National Lipstick Day


Walgreens helps older adults avoid slips and falls on 'Senior Day'


What do prediabetics, puppies, hedgehogs and baby goats all have in common?


Move over Amazon, Apollo Gum has jet pack delivery






L'Oréal Paris to unveil new lipstick on National Lipstick Day


FDA green-lights Fycompa for treatment of partial-onset seizures


Move over Amazon, Apollo Gum has jet pack delivery


What do prediabetics, puppies, hedgehogs and baby goats all have in common?


Former Lilly USA president to keynote National Association of Specialty Pharmacy conference







































Poll



Poll

The House GOP has passed a bill to replace the ACA. What business do you think the AHCA will help most if it passes the Senate?

 Pharmacy utilization


 OTC


 Retail clinics

 












SPECIAL REPORTS
Special Report: Super Bugs
A new breed of drug-resistant head lice is driving a new wave of product solutions. DSN Senior Editor Michael Johnsen takes a deeper look at what retailers and suppliers are doing to combat "super bugs" in this special report. Read more...
 




IN THIS ISSUE
July 2017
Drug Store News highlights parents' and suppliers' search for new solutions to the "super bug" problem; takes a closer look at retail clinics and what five top chains are doing to stand out in the space; recaps what's new and trending in the skin, sun and bath care categories; and more! Read more...






New Products







Elizabeth Arden, Tapout partner on body spray line


The six-product line of body sprays come in a range of scents that range from...


 




Coffee Booster wins ECRM/Drug Store News Buyers Choice Award


Corr-Jensen was a finalist with its ORB Sleep Complex vitamins.
 


 




Essie introduces gel couture gala collection


The new collection includes one sheer hue, as well as three pearl, six cr...


 




PanTheryx launches special dietary food targeting diarrhea relief


DiaResQ is currently available at Kinney Drugs, Bartell Drugs, PassportHealth,...























