























Perigon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Position in Xylem Inc. (XYL) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Xylem Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Sleep Country Canada Holdings’ (TSE:ZZZ) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank					

West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. (WFT) Price Target Raised to C$74.00 at TD Securities					

Barclays PLC Lowers Seven Generations Energy Ltd (TSE:VII) Price Target to C$31.00					

Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Price Target Lowered to C$50.00 at Barclays PLC					

Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades ONEX Co. (TSE:ONEX) to Sector Perform					

Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Price Target Lowered to C$0.50 at Barclays PLC					

Paramount Resources, Ltd. (TSE:POU) Price Target Cut to C$21.00					

Lundin Mining Co. (TSE:LUN) Price Target Cut to C$9.50 by Analysts at National Bank Financial					

National Bank Financial Cuts Taseko Mines Ltd (TSE:TKO) Price Target to C$2.10					

Hydropothecary Corp (THCX) Receives “Speculative Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity					

Obsidian Energy Ltd (OBE) PT Lowered to C$2.00 at Barclays PLC					

National Bank Financial Reiterates Outperform Rating for Lithium Americas Corp (LAC)					

Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) Given a €98.00 Price Target at equinet AG					

Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €93.00 by Jefferies Group LLC					

SLM Solutions Group AG (ETR:AM3D) PT Set at €24.00 by Commerzbank Ag					

Covestro AG (1COV) Given a €64.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas					

Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) PT Set at €166.00 by equinet AG					

Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €85.00 by UBS AG					

Wirecard AG (ETR:WDI) Given a €80.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets					

J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates “€102.00” Price Target for Safran SA (EPA:SAF)					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Perigon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Position in Xylem Inc. (XYL)					

						 June 30th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Perigon Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) by 11.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 13,398 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,407 shares during the period. Perigon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Xylem were worth $673,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its stake in  Xylem by 0.3% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 2,107 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the last quarter.  National Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in  Xylem by 0.5% in the first quarter. National Asset Management Inc. now owns 8,778 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $442,000 after buying an additional 48 shares during the last quarter.  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS boosted its stake in  Xylem by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 10,284 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $509,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter.  Delaney Dennis R boosted its stake in  Xylem by 1.8% in the first quarter. Delaney Dennis R now owns 6,602 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $332,000 after buying an additional 115 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in  Xylem by 3.4% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 3,701 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 121 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  85.79% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE XYL) traded up 0.51% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $55.18. The stock had a trading volume of 277,874 shares. Xylem Inc. has a 52 week low of $44.44 and a 52 week high of $55.45. The firm has a market cap of $9.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.70 and a beta of 1.15. The company’s 50 day moving average is $53.05 and its 200 day moving average is $50.40. 




Xylem (NYSE:XYL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.01. Xylem had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 6.75%. The company had revenue of $1.07 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.35 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 26.4% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Xylem Inc. will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th were issued a $0.18 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, May 23rd. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.31%. Xylem’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 50.35%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Perigon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Position in Xylem Inc. (XYL)” was originally  published by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/perigon-wealth-management-llc-boosts-position-in-xylem-inc-xyl/1405088.html. 
Several research firms have commented on XYL. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Xylem in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Boenning Scattergood  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $55.00 target price on shares of Xylem in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $52.00 target price on shares of Xylem in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $57.00 target price on shares of Xylem in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $55.58.
In other news, insider Tomas Brannemo sold 14,080 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total value of $709,068.80. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 21,000 shares in the company, valued at $1,057,560. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.75% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Xylem Company Profile
Xylem Inc is a water technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and services engineered solutions across a range of critical applications. It is an equipment and service provider for water and wastewater applications with a portfolio of products and services addressing the cycle of water, from collection, distribution and use to the return of water to the environment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XYL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL).



Receive News & Ratings for Xylem Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Lindsey Winhoffer 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































﻿

























Perigon Wealth Management LLC Maintains Stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Digital Realty Trust Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Digital Realty Trust Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Teacher Retirement System of Texas Purchases 776 Shares of Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC)
Scopus Asset Management L.P. Buys New Stake in Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV)
Thor Industries (THO) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Manchester Capital Management LLC Has $1.32 Million Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)
FNY Partners Fund LP Has $157,000 Position in Dolby Laboratories (NYSE:DLB)
Perigon Wealth Management LLC Maintains Stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR)
D.R. Horton, Inc. (NYSE:DHI) Position Decreased by Marketfield Asset Management LLC
Bio-Techne Corp (NASDAQ:TECH) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Buy
Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Tenaris (TS) Share Price
Titan International (TWI) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. (NYSE:DPLO) Stake Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
DigitalGlobe, Inc (NYSE:DGI) Position Raised by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Discover Financial Services (NYSE:DFS) Shares Sold by Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America
UMB Financial Corporation (UMBF) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:TROW) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
United Community Financial Corp. (UCFC) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
United Rentals (URI) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades The Bancorp, Inc. (TBBK) to Hold
Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.01
Reviewing Jacobs Engineering Group (JEC) & Sterling Construction (STRL)


 


Perigon Wealth Management LLC Maintains Stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Perigon Wealth Management LLC held its stake in shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 7,080 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Digital Realty Trust were worth $753,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of DLR. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Digital Realty Trust by 45.6% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 397,100 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $42,247,000 after buying an additional 124,300 shares in the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp ET AL bought a new stake in Digital Realty Trust during the first quarter valued at $1,610,000. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its stake in Digital Realty Trust by 76.4% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 32,195 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3,425,000 after buying an additional 13,944 shares during the period. Dean Investment Associates LLC raised its stake in Digital Realty Trust by 6.4% in the first quarter. Dean Investment Associates LLC now owns 10,620 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,130,000 after buying an additional 642 shares during the period. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new stake in Digital Realty Trust during the fourth quarter valued at $1,133,000. 


 Get Digital Realty Trust Inc. alerts:



Shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) traded down 0.80% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $112.34. The stock had a trading volume of 619,159 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $17.95 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 48.38 and a beta of -0.02. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has a one year low of $85.63 and a one year high of $121.53. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $114.75 and a 200-day moving average price of $110.23. 




Digital Realty Trust (NYSE:DLR) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.50 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.47 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $550.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $552.59 million. Digital Realty Trust had a return on equity of 12.14% and a net margin of 20.48%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 9.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.42 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Digital Realty Trust, Inc. will post $1.62 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were issued a dividend of $0.93 per share. This represents a $3.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.28%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, June 13th. Digital Realty Trust’s payout ratio is presently 158.97%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Perigon Wealth Management LLC Maintains Stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR)” was published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/perigon-wealth-management-llc-holds-position-in-digital-realty-trust-inc-dlr-updated-updated.html. 
Several research firms recently weighed in on DLR. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on Digital Realty Trust from $110.00 to $117.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Digital Realty Trust in a research report on Monday, June 12th. Macquarie reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $105.00 price target on shares of Digital Realty Trust in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Digital Realty Trust in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Cowen and Company raised Digital Realty Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $106.00 to $126.00 in a research report on Monday, June 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $117.00.
In other Digital Realty Trust news, SVP Joshua A. Mills sold 9,211 shares of Digital Realty Trust stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, June 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $120.00, for a total transaction of $1,105,320.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 13,377 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,605,240. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 0.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Digital Realty Trust
Digital Realty Trust, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is engaged in the business of owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers. The Company is focused on providing data center and colocation solutions for domestic and international tenants across a range of industry verticals ranging from financial services, cloud and information technology services, to manufacturing, energy, healthcare and consumer products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Digital Realty Trust Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Digital Realty Trust Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





































Perigon Wealth Management LLC Sells 114 Shares of CME Group Inc. (CME) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CME Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Zacks: Analysts Expect Bob Evans Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ:BOBE) Will Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share					

Dream Global REIT (DRG.UN) Receives C$10.79 Average Price Target from Brokerages					

VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages					

Black Diamond, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDE) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) to Hold					

Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Sets New 52-Week Low at $17.80					

Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AJRD) Hits New 12-Month High at $23.60					

Mulesoft Inc (MULE) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages					

Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages					

Azure Power Global Ltd. (NYSE:AZRE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts					

Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages					

Reviewing Green Plains (GPRE) and REX American Resources Corporation (NYSE:REX)					

Ichor Holdings (ICHR) & Sun Hydraulics Corporation (SNHY) Critical Comparison					

Critical Contrast: iRadimed Corporation (NASDAQ:IRMD) versus Masimo Corporation (MASI)					

Under Armour (UAA) vs. Tumi Holdings (TUMI) Critical Comparison					

Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE:UNP) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus					

Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG					

Forterra Inc (FRTA) Given Buy Rating at Barclays PLC					

Zacks: CommerceHub, Inc. (CHUBA) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts					

Zacks: H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts					





 





						Perigon Wealth Management LLC Sells 114 Shares of CME Group Inc. (CME)					

						 July 13th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Tyrone Williams 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Perigon Wealth Management LLC lowered its position in shares of  CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 46,965 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 114 shares during the period. CME Group accounts for about  1.2% of Perigon Wealth Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. Perigon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in CME Group were worth $5,579,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of  CME Group by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 11,840 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,366,000 after buying an additional 720 shares during the period.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in shares of  CME Group during the fourth quarter valued at $9,571,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  CME Group by 70.3% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,019,252 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $117,571,000 after buying an additional 420,693 shares during the period.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in shares of  CME Group during the fourth quarter valued at $2,840,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in shares of  CME Group during the fourth quarter valued at $1,267,000. 83.07% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME) opened at 123.39 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $41.93 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.71 and a beta of 0.74. CME Group Inc. has a 52-week low of $98.41 and a 52-week high of $127.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $120.94 and its 200-day moving average price is $119.90. 




CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.22 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.20 by $0.02. CME Group had a net margin of 43.62% and a return on equity of 7.43%. The business had revenue of $929 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $932.06 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.15 EPS. The business’s revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  CME Group Inc. will post $4.85 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, June 26th. Investors of record on Friday, June 9th were issued a $0.66 dividend. This represents a $2.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.14%. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 7th. CME Group’s payout ratio is 57.14%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Perigon Wealth Management LLC Sells 114 Shares of CME Group Inc. (CME)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/13/perigon-wealth-management-llc-sells-114-shares-of-cme-group-inc-cme.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on CME shares. Zacks Investment Research raised CME Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Deutsche Bank AG cut their price target on CME Group from $137.00 to $134.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Friday, April 28th. Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $130.00 price target on CME Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, June 12th. Finally, BidaskClub raised CME Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $120.33.
In related news, Director Dennis Suskind sold 1,099 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $115.29, for a total value of $126,703.71. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 5,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $576,450. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CFO John W. Pietrowicz sold 2,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $124.50, for a total transaction of $311,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 38,495 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,792,627.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 48,754 shares of company stock valued at $5,955,724. 0.61% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
CME Group Company Profile
CME Group Inc, through its exchanges, provides products across all asset classes, including futures and options based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural products and metals. The Company’s segment primarily consists of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc (CME), Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc (CBOT), New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc (NYMEX) and Commodity Exchange, Inc (COMEX) exchanges.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CME? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME).






Receive News & Ratings for CME Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿

























Perigon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in TPI Composites, Inc. (NASDAQ:TPIC) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for TPI Composites Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor TPI Composites Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Communications Sales & Leasing,Inc. (UNIT) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Thermon Group Holdings, Inc. (THR) Now Covered by Analysts at Wolfe Research
Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR) Earns Market Perform Rating from Analysts at Wolfe Research
Colfax Corporation (CFX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wolfe Research
Lennar Corporation (LEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners
Repligen Corporation (RGEN) Price Target Raised to $47.00 at Janney Montgomery Scott
Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Given Buy Rating at Credit Suisse Group
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets
Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Receives “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Brokerages Expect Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (FRAN) to Announce $0.16 Earnings Per Share
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Boingo Wireless, Inc. (WIFI) to Hold
Ruby Tuesday (RT) Earns News Impact Score of 0.50
RAIT Financial Trust (RAS) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds
Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Receiving Very Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Has $206,000 Stake in Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI)
Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $2.52 Million Stake in Centene Corporation (CNC)
Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $2.75 Million Stake in Liberty Property Trust (LPT)
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Stake Maintained by Lau Associates LLC
Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $2.61 Million Stake in ManpowerGroup (MAN)
DnB Asset Management AS Decreases Position in Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX)


 


Perigon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in TPI Composites, Inc. (NASDAQ:TPIC)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 

Perigon Wealth Management LLC raised its position in shares of TPI Composites, Inc. (NASDAQ:TPIC) by 14.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 15,441 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,965 shares during the period. Perigon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in TPI Composites were worth $294,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in TPIC. FMR LLC increased its stake in TPI Composites by 42.7% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,091,187 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $17,503,000 after buying an additional 326,357 shares in the last quarter. Handelsbanken Fonder AB bought a new stake in TPI Composites during the first quarter worth about $4,025,000. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in TPI Composites by 209.6% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 183,555 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $3,489,000 after buying an additional 124,267 shares in the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of TPI Composites by 50.9% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 94,939 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,804,000 after buying an additional 32,038 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Essex Investment Management Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of TPI Composites by 38.1% in the first quarter. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC now owns 56,155 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,068,000 after buying an additional 15,485 shares during the last quarter. 24.99% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Shares of TPI Composites, Inc. (TPIC) opened at 19.12 on Wednesday. TPI Composites, Inc. has a one year low of $11.31 and a one year high of $23.30. The stock has a market capitalization of $627.12 million and a PE ratio of 38.24. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $17.91 and its 200-day moving average is $18.00. 


 Get TPI Composites Inc. alerts:



TPI Composites (NASDAQ:TPIC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The industrial products company reported $0.10 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $191.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $213.26 million. TPI Composites had a net margin of 2.03% and a return on equity of 51.28%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.16) EPS. On average, analysts expect that TPI Composites, Inc. will post $0.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/tpi-composites-inc-tpic-shares-bought-by-perigon-wealth-management-llc-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently commented on TPIC shares. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of TPI Composites in a research report on Friday, March 31st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $24.00 price objective on the stock. Roth Capital set a $23.00 price target on shares of TPI Composites and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. TPI Composites has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $22.00.
In other news, major shareholder Element Partners Ii Intrafund sold 1,132,572 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $16.35, for a total value of $18,517,552.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Jack A. Henry acquired 4,400 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were bought at an average price of $16.82 per share, with a total value of $74,008.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 4,400 shares in the company, valued at $74,008. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 2,513,253 shares of company stock worth $41,091,687 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 73.70% of the company’s stock. 
About TPI Composites
TPI Composites, Inc manufactures composite wind blades. The Company operates through four segments. The United States segment includes the manufacturing of wind blades at its Newton, Iowa plant; the manufacturing of precision molding and assembly systems used for the manufacture of wind blades in its Warren, Rhode Island facility, and the manufacturing of composite solutions for the transportation industry, which it also conducts in its Rhode Island and Massachusetts facilities. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for TPI Composites Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TPI Composites Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 


































Perigon






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 












 







Welcome to PERIGON





We are reinventing the investment and wealth advisory experience.
Find out how, and experience the future of wealth management.
Get Started 
Client Login 









Our Story



At the core of every client relationship lies a powerful tool of understanding: the conversation.
That's why the foundation of our approach starts with asking better questions.  Great questions transcend the experience by generating better conversations, providing a deeper, more meaningful understanding of client objectives.
Our goal is to offer clients straightforward answers and uncomplicated solutions that lead to smarter, more informed decisions.  We believe in empowering clients.  We believe clients derive value, and are simply happier, when they can get what they want, when they want it.
The key to delivering on this vision is correctly aligning the resources, both smart people and relevant technologies, to what clients value - much as if we were our client's private family office.
It's our vision to reshape the investment and wealth advisory experience, making it truly centered on each client's specific objectives; aligning our people, processes and some amazing technology toward this goal.


Who we are
We are a tight-knit team with the shared vision of redefining the investment and advisory experience.
We are focused on doing what our clients would do, if they had the time, skills and expertise.
We bring incredible energy, analytical thinking and creative problem-solving to each and every client, driven by exceptional questions, and our desire to see our clients succeed.
As individuals we have amassed years of experience, spanning investment management, wealth advisory and client experience.
As a team we strive to be greater than the sum of our parts, because we ourselves have found that great partners are invaluable to strategic and disciplined decision-making, and the attainment of success.


Our approach
We believe in building strong and enjoyable relationships through shared ambition and real results.
We approach each client's objectives as if they were our own.  We believe wealth advisory is more than providing investment advice.  It's about standing alongside clients, aligning our counsel and actions with clients' real world objectives; collaborating to unlock latent potential.
Real results are more far-reaching than financial returns.  Real results require specific solutions, pragmatism and actionable advice that isn't limited by the boundaries of firm hierarchies or financial markets.
Most importantly, real results, and the means to achieve them, should be both enduring and repeatable.


 

What we do


										Investment Management
									



										Wealth Management
									



										Investment Research
									



										Financial Planning
									



										Risk Management
									

 

What to expect

Complete transparency
Open access to personnel
Relevant and actionable advice
Proactive and personal communication
Client portal & highly-customized reporting

 
 
 
 







What we do and how we do it



Clients, and their values, are the foundation of our firm.
It was once said, "the customer is the most important part of the production line." We couldn't agree more.  It's around clients' needs and goals that Perigon's services and value revolves.
Wealth advisory is multidisciplinary, with the greatest value resulting from a coordinated and engaging approach to delivering comprehensive advice and investment mangement.  Our "family office" architecture helps to do just that - tying together the interrelated disciplines and being able to work effectively with a client's other advisors - while our client platform and portal, help us to engage with clients in a more elegant and more meaningful way.



Stay Connected











Financial Graph
Wealth is the result of one's relationship with money; how it's earned, accumulated, spent and saved. A client's financial graph depicts these relationships, and similarly, it should guide how their assets are invested. We help clients to better understand their financial relationships in order to inform and coordinate our advice.





Advice in Action
Advice isn't about what's offered, but what is taken - a sense of confidence, of trust, of achievement. It's the sum of clarity, relevance and timeliness. We understand true advice is personal and simple to comprehend because it makes sense for a client's particular circumstances - only then is it truly actionable.





Clear Reporting
Being able to always answer the question, "how am I doing," isn't difficult, but it's not easy either. Emphasizing ease of use and simplicity of design, we leverage some amazing technologies to filter and distill the essence of a client's investments and broader financial graph, aligned to their unique objectives.





Goals-simplified
We believe that if better decisions are made simpler to make, more people, will make more of them. Achieving simplicity in wealth management is anything but simple, however, from the initial "conversation," to imparting actionable advice and seamless execution, this is our goal, on behalf of our clients.


 





360° Process






The Complete Client




From the initial conversation, and evolving with a client's circumstances, we want to understand who our clients are, and what's important to them, building up to a complete, holistic client view - well beyond investable assets.







Transparency




We are committed to openness and transparency, seeing both as tantamount to a client's conviction and confidence in the consistency of our ongoing counsel and advice.






Collaboration




Collaboration is integral to an amazing client experience, one built upon trust and confidence, but also a unique process for each client.  Collaboration guides what we do on our clients' behalf, enabling our always being able to answer the question, "how am I doing?"



 




Usability




From a client's "financial graph," to our advice and reporting, we constantly strive to ensure clients have access to useful and usable information that is well structured, engaging and meaningful to them.






Clarity




									        		In any endeavor, defining success and clarity of purpose are cornerstones of achieving success - in financial matters even more so.  It's easy to get lost in the daily "noise," losing sight of end-goals. From disciplined investment management and clear organization, we help clients clearly define and monitor their achievements.
									      		





Simplicity




									        		Overcoming complexity in financial matters is as important as achieving investment success, and is often a prerequisite.    We work with clients to get to what really matters, focusing on delivering substantive value that speaks uniquely to their circumstances.
									      		


 
 
 

Investment strategies




Individual Securities




									        	We manage multiple individual security portfolios, spanning Large Value to Small Cap Growth, as well as Taxable and Municipal Bonds.  Our investment philosophy is grounded in fundamental analysis, and the price-to-value dynamic espoused by the likes of Benjamin Graham and Warren Buffett. Our view toward identifying and realizing investment success, is that it is a function of clear objectives, a consistent process and the long-term efficacy of the market.  Toward this end, we focus on the "real" value of the underlying investment, and the ongoing ability to invest capital at high and consistent rates of return.
									      	





Risk Management




								        		Many clients experience positive wealth events, which then result in holding a concentrated position. Whether it's a business, property, or the exercise of options, investment concentration has a sizable impact on one's wealth.  We have the experience, and know-how, to manage that risk and steward the wealth you've created.
								      		





Dimensional Funds (DFA)




								        		DFA combines insights of Modern Portfolio Theory and the Efficient Markets Hypothesis, with streamlined portfolio operations.  The focus of DFA is on taking "advantage of the ways markets are rightâthe ways they compensate investors." DFA designs portfolios to help investors capture what the market offers in all its dimensions. It is a strategy available to individual investors only through a select group of independent fee based advisors.
								      		



 
 
 
 









Contact Us









 


Where we are


San Francisco
Honolulu





Perigon
201 Mission Street, Suite 1825
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States
(415) 430-4140

Show Map



Perigon
900 Fort Street Mall
Honolulu, HI 96813
United States
(808) 540-0900






Follow us








 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 





Ă
Subscribe to Updates!






Enter Email and hit Return


















Perigon Wealth Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























perigon wealth management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Perigon Wealth Management LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company manages portfolios for pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, individuals, and high net worth individuals. Perigon Wealth Management serves its clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

201 Mission Street
Suite 1825
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States


Phone:
1-415-430-4140


Fax:
1-415-430-4160


Web url:
www.perigonpartners.com





Board Members




Chief Invsmt Officer/Principal
Company


Philip Hart
Perigon Wealth Management LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Christopher Houston Hale


COO/Chief Compliance Officer




Philip Allen Hart


Chief Invsmt Officer/Principal




Jennifer Page Harding


Director




Matthew Allen Johnson


Director




Arthur John Ambarik


Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | Perigon Partners, LLC | Accreditation






   













Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Investment Advisory Service
 > 
Perigon Partners, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Perigon Partners, LLC



Request a Quote

































Perigon Partners, LLC






            Business Information
        









(808) 540-0900

Perigon Partners, LLC
15 years in business

        900 Fort St. Mall #970
        Honolulu, HI 96813
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (808) 540-0901
                        

                            (415) 430-4160
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (415) 430-4140
                        

                            (877) 225-0133
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 05/02/2006
            

                Business Started: 04/01/2002


                Business Started Locally: 04/01/2002
            

                Business Incorporated: 04/08/2004 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Kanoe Cazimero, HI Office Mgr
                

                    Mr. T. Kimo Blaisdell, Private Wealth Advisor
                

                    Mr. Joseph H. Caballero, Managing Director
                

                    Ms. Jennifer P. Harding, VP, Wealth Advisor
                

                    Mr. Philip A. Hart, President
                




                        Mr. Michal Skowronski, Advisor, CFP
                    

                        Mr. Brian L. Stone, SF Office Mgr
                    




See More Management Information
See Less Management Information







            Business Category
        


                Investment Advisory Service
            




                            Financial Planning Consultants
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories








            Service Area
        
         HAWAII

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Perigon Wealth Management, LLC
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
                    





See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 08/10/2007
            

                BBB has determined that Perigon Partners, LLC meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Perigon Partners, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Perigon Partners, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 08/10/2007










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print































































This content is provided by the business and may contain advertising. BBB does not review or endorse this content.


Tweets by Perigon Partners, LLC

















×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






















 










Perigon Wealth Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Perigon Wealth Management, LLC


Perigon Wealth Management, LLC
(CRD# 131037) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
San Francisco, CA.
They
manage $721,875,964 in 587 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 11 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Perigon Wealth Management, LLC




201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105
415-430-4140
http://www.perigonpartners.net




http://www.perigonpartners.net







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

722
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

587
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,229,772







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, FL, HI, IL, MA, ME, NH, OR, TX, WA






Financial Advisors at Perigon Wealth Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 10 of 10 top financial advisors.





1















Arthur J. Ambarik



CRD#:
4447307



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




96

Wealthminder
score








Arthur Ambarik (CRD# 4447307) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Arthur Ambarik has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















Charles B. Pinson-Rose



CRD#:
4452987



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




96

Wealthminder
score








Charles Pinson-Rose (CRD# 4452987) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Philip A. Hart



CRD#:
1231843



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




93

Wealthminder
score








Philip Hart (CRD# 1231843) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Matthew A. Johnson



CRD#:
3000166



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




93

Wealthminder
score








Matthew Johnson (CRD# 3000166) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Daniel J. McAuliffe



CRD#:
5405608



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




93

Wealthminder
score








Daniel McAuliffe (CRD# 5405608) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 5 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Daniel McAuliffe has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






6















Steven H. Schow



CRD#:
1020360



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




93

Wealthminder
score








Steven Schow (CRD# 1020360) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 35 years
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Michael A. Bristow



CRD#:
3182862



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




90

Wealthminder
score








Michael Bristow (CRD# 3182862) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Gesa E. Jaravata



CRD#:
6481687



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




87

Wealthminder
score








Gesa Jaravata (CRD# 6481687) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






9















Scott D. Elisha



CRD#:
1826761



201 Mission Street, Suite 1825,
San Francisco,
CA
94105




48

Wealthminder
score








Scott Elisha (CRD# 1826761) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Thomas J. Manetta



CRD#:
4709940



San Ramon,
CA





46

Wealthminder
score








Thomas Manetta (CRD# 4709940) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perigon Wealth Management, LLC in San Ramon, CA and has 
over 13 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿
































Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $641,000 Position in Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Unilever PLC
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Unilever PLC with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect The Descartes Systems Group (DSGX) Share Price
Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds
Magellan Petroleum Corporation (NASDAQ:TELL) Earns News Impact Score of 0.22
Oasis Petroleum (NYSE:OAS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Northwest Natural Gas (NWN) Share Price
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect HNI Corporation (NYSE:HNI) Share Price
Twilio (TWLO) Given News Impact Score of 0.20
Frank’s International N.V. (NYSE:FI) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings (AJRD) Share Price
Main Street Capital Corporation (NYSE:MAIN) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
14,165 Shares in Ventas, Inc. (NYSE:VTR) Acquired by Cue Financial Group Inc.
Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $641,000 Position in Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL)
Envestnet (NYSE:ENV) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.56
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect The Navigators Group (NASDAQ:NAVG) Stock Price
Installed Building Products (IBP) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows
Etsy (NASDAQ:ETSY) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Capital Bank Financial Corp. (CBF) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect MGM Growth Properties (NYSE:MGP) Stock Price
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Ares Management L.P. (ARES) Share Price
AlarmCom Hldg (ALRM) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Accern Reports




 


Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $641,000 Position in Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL)

					Posted by Sarita Garza on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 




Oxbow Advisors LLC maintained its position in shares of  Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 11,835 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC’s holdings in Unilever PLC were worth $641,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. raised its position in shares of  Unilever PLC by 0.7% in the first quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 6,501 shares of the company’s stock valued at $321,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the last quarter.  Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of  Unilever PLC by 0.8% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 7,130 shares of the company’s stock valued at $352,000 after buying an additional 57 shares during the last quarter.  BTIM Corp. raised its position in shares of  Unilever PLC by 1.8% in the second quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 7,063 shares of the company’s stock valued at $382,000 after buying an additional 126 shares during the last quarter.  HL Financial Services LLC raised its position in shares of  Unilever PLC by 0.6% in the first quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 22,811 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,126,000 after buying an additional 132 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Bruderman Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Unilever PLC by 0.9% in the first quarter. Bruderman Asset Management LLC now owns 17,610 shares of the company’s stock valued at $869,000 after buying an additional 153 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  8.52% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Unilever PLC alerts:



Unilever PLC (UL) traded up 0.42% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $56.89. 186,455 shares of the company were exchanged. Unilever PLC has a 1-year low of $38.58 and a 1-year high of $57.07. The stock has a market capitalization of $160.00 billion, a PE ratio of 24.43 and a beta of 0.88. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $54.93 and its 200-day moving average price is $49.86. 




The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, September 6th. Shareholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be paid a $0.409 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 2nd. This is an increase from Unilever PLC’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.38. This represents a $1.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.89%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $641,000 Position in Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL)” was  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/26/oxbow-advisors-llc-has-641000-position-in-unilever-plc-nyseul.html. 
UL has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Unilever PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Seaport Global Securities reduced their price objective on shares of Unilever PLC from $28.00 to $26.00 in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. J P Morgan Chase & Co  restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Unilever PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. UBS AG  restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Unilever PLC in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Finally, ABN Amro lowered shares of Unilever PLC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $43.50.
Unilever PLC Company Profile
Unilever PLC is a fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) company. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, which primarily includes sales of skin care and hair care products, deodorants and oral care products; Foods, which primarily includes sales of soups, bouillons, sauces, snacks, mayonnaise, salad dressings, margarines and spreads; Home Care, which primarily includes sales of home care products, such as powders, liquids and capsules, soap bars and a range of cleaning products, and Refreshment, which primarily includes sales of ice cream and tea-based beverages.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL).







Receive News & Ratings for Unilever PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





































































        
    Investment Advisory Service - Hawaii Accredited Businesses

    







































Hawaii Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Investment Advisory Service



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Hawaii

Investment Advisory Service








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





hawaii
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results





Are you looking for?


Investment Management


Investment Securities


Investment Seminars


Show More...




by City / Location:


Honolulu, HI


Lihue, HI




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Investment Advisory Service
    
           in Hawaii







BBB














Sponsored


					Andrews Advisory Associates, LLC


1188 Bishop St Ste 1808 Honolulu, HI 96813


808-521-4015   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2002
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB














Sponsored


					Kauai Government Employees FCU


2976 Ewalu St Lihue, HI 96766


808-245-2463   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB














Sponsored


					Perigon Partners, LLC


900 Fort St. Mall #970 Honolulu, HI 96813


808-540-0900   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Tsukazaki & Associates, LLC


1299 S Beretania St Ste 220 Honolulu, HI 96814


808-596-2001   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map

















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email







































Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shares Bought by Perigon Wealth Management LLC - Community Financial News














































 

















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Xylem Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Xylem Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @CFinancialNews








Top Stories

AMERISAFE, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMSF) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P.
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Raises Position in Snap-On Incorporated (NYSE:SNA)
Forward Air Corporation (FWRD) Stake Maintained by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Accenture PLC (ACN) Shares Bought by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Phillips 66 (PSX) Shares Bought by Tredje AP fonden
Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $2.16 Million Position in Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (BPFH)
Halcon Resources Corporation (HK) Position Maintained by Alliancebernstein L.P.
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Increases Stake in Home BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOMB)
ArcBest Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCB) Stake Boosted by Principal Financial Group Inc.
Burney Co. Sells 44,687 Shares of Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)
Belmond Ltd. (NYSE:BEL) Shares Bought by OppenheimerFunds Inc.
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Sells 777,237 Shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (NASDAQ:XRAY)
Lydall, Inc. (NYSE:LDL) Shares Bought by OppenheimerFunds Inc.
Jones Financial Companies Lllp Acquires 6,174 Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX)
Antofagasta plc (ANTO) PT Lowered to GBX 720 at HSBC Holdings plc
BP plc (BP) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC
BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives Equal weight Rating from Barclays PLC
Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €12.80 by Citigroup Inc.
KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets







Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shares Bought by Perigon Wealth Management LLC

					Posted by Cynthia Vaughn on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 


Perigon Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in  Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) by 11.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 13,398 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,407 shares during the period. Perigon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Xylem were worth $673,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of  Xylem during the fourth quarter worth $192,855,000.  Peoples Financial Services CORP. raised its stake in shares of  Xylem by 3.2% in the first quarter. Peoples Financial Services CORP. now owns 6,463 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $324,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of America Corp DE raised its stake in shares of  Xylem by 4.2% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 2,251,684 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $113,079,000 after buying an additional 91,478 shares in the last quarter.  Toronto Dominion Bank raised its stake in shares of  Xylem by 56.6% in the first quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 48,431 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,433,000 after buying an additional 17,497 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in shares of  Xylem by 0.3% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 2,107 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 7 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  85.91% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Xylem Inc. alerts:



Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE XYL) traded down 0.88% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $57.21. The company had a trading volume of 1,203,899 shares. Xylem Inc. has a 52 week low of $45.60 and a 52 week high of $58.22. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $54.83 and a 200 day moving average of $51.03. The firm has a market capitalization of $10.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.16 and a beta of 1.18. 




Xylem (NYSE:XYL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.01. Xylem had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 6.75%. The business had revenue of $1.07 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.35 earnings per share. Xylem’s quarterly revenue was up 26.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Xylem Inc. will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally  reported by Community Financial News and is the sole property of of Community Financial News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.com-unik.info/2017/07/25/perigon-wealth-management-llc-boosts-position-in-xylem-inc-xyl-updated-updated-updated.html. 
XYL has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Barclays PLC upgraded Xylem from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their target price for the company from $51.00 to $59.00 in a research report on Monday, May 15th. BidaskClub raised Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. CIBC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 target price on shares of Xylem in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  set a $58.00 target price on Xylem and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets started coverage on Xylem in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. They set an “outperform” rating and a $60.00 target price for the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $56.85.
In related news, insider Tomas Brannemo sold 14,080 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total transaction of $709,068.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 21,000 shares in the company, valued at $1,057,560. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Steven R. Loranger sold 66,132 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.01, for a total value of $3,637,921.32. Following the transaction, the director now owns 65,030 shares in the company, valued at $3,577,300.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.75% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Xylem
Xylem Inc is a water technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and services engineered solutions across a range of critical applications. It is an equipment and service provider for water and wastewater applications with a portfolio of products and services addressing the cycle of water, from collection, distribution and use to the return of water to the environment.







What are top analysts saying about Xylem Inc.? - Enter your email address in the form below to receive our free daily email newsletter that contains the latest headlines and analysts' recommendations for for Xylem Inc. and related companies.



 



 





















Latest News




AMERISAFE, Inc.  Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P.





OppenheimerFunds Inc. Raises Position in Snap-On Incorporated 





Forward Air Corporation  Stake Maintained by Alliancebernstein L.P.





Accenture PLC  Shares Bought by Alliancebernstein L.P.





Phillips 66  Shares Bought by Tredje AP fonden





Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $2.16 Million Position in Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. 



Comments



Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 













































