







Institutional Investors Home- Perkins Investment Management


























CONTACT USfor Institutional InvestorsUncommon Value.Since 1980, Perkins Investment Management has approached value investing from a unique perspective, conducting rigorous downside analysis on every potential investment prior to determining upside potential.OUR KEY STRENGTHS INCLUDE:Diversified portfolios of what we believe are high-quality, undervalued stocksSingular approach to investing for over 30 yearsDisciplined valuation process measures downside risk before upside potentialSTRATEGIES FOR YOUR NEEDSOur investment process is applied across all strategies. We take a bottom-up approach to building portfolios of quality companies.Perkins Small Cap ValuePerkins Mid Cap ValuePerkins Large Cap ValuePerkins All Cap ValuePerkins Select ValuePerkins Global ValuePerkins Value Plus IncomePerkins International ValueNEWS & ARTICLESCIO OutlookParlay Betting: For Amusement Only02/15/2017READ NOWInvestment InsightsBeware: Value Traps Lurking09/30/2016READ NOW












About Perkins Investment Management


























CONTACT USfor Institutional InvestorsA Tradition of ValuePerkins value-oriented approach is based on the belief that investing in a diversified portfolio of high-quality, yet undervalued stocks can lead to outperformance of a benchmark over time. We believe that by conducting rigorous downside analysis before determining upside potential, we will identify companies with favorable reward-to-risk trade-offs over a full market cycle.












Investment Insights and Analyst Opinion- Perkins Investment Management


























CONTACT USfor Institutional InvestorsThought LeadershipGain insight into the Perkins research process and see where the team is finding high-quality, undervalued stocks with favorable risk/reward characteristics.CIO OutlookParlay Betting: For Amusement Only02/15/2017It can be fun to dream a little now and then, but your portfolio is a serious matter. Read why Perkins Chief Investment Officer Gregory Kolb believes caution may be warranted in his quarterly equity outlook.DOWNLOAD PDFCIO OutlookFlu Season, Prevention and Defensive Investing11/17/2016Simply knowing a group of stocks performed a certain way in the past is not enough. Learn why Perkins CIO and Portfolio Manager Gregory Kolb believes that an investor aiming for a defensively oriented portfolio would do well to keep this notion of change firmly in mind.DOWNLOAD PDFInvestment InsightsBeware: Value Traps Lurking09/30/2016Learn about five “classic” value traps and methods to help avoid them from the Perkins Investment Team.DOWNLOAD PDFCIO OutlookEradicating the Upside08/12/2016Generally speaking, to “eradicate” something is good, such as when smallpox was declared eradicated in 1980 following a global immunization campaign led by the World Health Organization. Unfortunately, much of what is happening in financial markets today seems to imply the eradication of future upside potential for investors.DOWNLOAD PDFCIO OutlookCan’t Help Falling in Love05/20/2016At its core, “buy the dips” is nothing more than speculation that the next move in the market is higher. Maybe it will be, maybe it won’t be. That’s not to say we at Perkins don’t like those dips. As for investment approach, we’d offer a slightly modified mantra: Examine the dips, buy value. Read more from Perkins Chief Investment Officer Gregory Kolb’s latest quarterly outlook.DOWNLOAD PDF












Contact Perkins Investment Management - Perkins Institutional


























CONTACT USfor Institutional InvestorsContact UsIf you already have a contact or do not know if you have a contact, we can help. Please use the Contacts Directory to the right.US INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORSPerkins Investment Management Institutional Team866.922.0355institutional@perkinsinvestmentmanagement.comPerkins Investment Management 311 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 6000 Chicago, IL 60606CONTACTS DIRECTORYFINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS AND INDIVIDUAL INVESTORSFinancial Advisors800.668.0434investmentprofessionals@janushenderson.comADDITIONAL CONTACT INFORMATIONIndividual Investors800.525.3717ADDITIONAL CONTACT INFORMATIONNon-US Investment ProfessionalsADDITIONAL CONTACT INFORMATION












Perkins Value Fund Strategies Overview- Perkins Investment Management


























CONTACT USfor Institutional InvestorsAn Enduring StrategyOur investment process is applied across all strategies. We take a bottom-up approach to building portfolios of quality companies.VIEW DATA BY INVESTMENT VEHICLE:Institutional Separate AccountsInstitutional Mutual FundsPRODUCTS OVERVIEWINSTITUTIONAL SEPARATE ACCOUNTSINCEPTION DATEPERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE PORTFOLIOInception Jul 1, 1988PERKINS MID CAP VALUE PORTFOLIOInception Oct 1, 1998PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE PORTFOLIOInception Oct 1, 2006PERKINS ALL CAP VALUE PORTFOLIOInception Jan 1, 2010PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE PORTFOLIOInception Jun 1, 1988INSTITUTIONAL MUTUAL FUNDSINCEPTION DATEPERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FUND (I SHARES)Inception Jun 29, 2001PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FUND (I SHARES)Inception Apr 1, 2013PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND (I SHARES)Inception Dec 31, 2008PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FUND (I SHARES)Inception Aug 12, 1998PERKINS SELECT VALUE FUND (I SHARES)Inception Dec 15, 2011PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FUND (I SHARES)Inception Oct 21, 1987PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FUND (I SHARES)Inception Jul 30, 2010












About Us


























About Janus Capital GroupDOWNLOAD PDFSHARESince 1969, Janus Capital Group has stayed true to our mission: deliver better client outcomes through actively managed investment solutions. Today, we offer a broad range of fixed income, equity, alternative and multi-asset strategies managed by Janus, INTECH and Perkins, as well as a suite of exchange traded products.Through expertise in security selection, portfolio construction and asset allocation, we help investors meet their goals of growth, volatility management, uncorrelated returns and income.Janus’ forward-looking, innovative product development strategy is responsive to the needs of investors in today’s complex market environment. With more than 100 expertly constructed investment strategies and an unwavering focus on delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, Janus can meet the needs of virtually any investor.ASSET CLASSESU.S. equitiesGlobal equities Regional/international equities Fundamental fixed income Global macro fixed income Asset allocation Liquid alternatives VEHICLESMutual fundsETFsSeparate accounts Retail separately managed accounts Pooled vehicles     -CITs     -Commingled pools      -Australian Unit TrustsGLOBAL PERSPECTIVE, GLOBAL REACHOn the ground where our clients live and work, we have an in-depth understanding of local markets and investor needs to complement our global perspective. A robust infrastructure enables Janus to bring our best global thinking to all aspects of our business including trading, risk management and client service.AWARDSJanus stands for investment excellence, diligence in our process and an unrelenting desire to deliver risk-adjusted returns for our clients.Janus Real Return Fund Best Inflation-Protected Bond Fund for the 3-year period in 2016 and 5-year period in 2017Janus Global Research Fund Best Global Multi-Cap Growth Fund for the 5-year period in 2012 and 10-year period in 2016 and 2017Janus Balanced Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation Moderate Fund for the 10 year period in 2015 and 2016Janus Contrarian FundBest Multi-Cap Core Fund over3 years in 2015Janus Global Life Sciences Fund Best Global Health/BiotechnologyFund over 3, 5 and 10 years in 2014Perkins Global Value Fund Best Global Multi-Cap Value  Fund over 5 years in 2013Janus Conservative Allocation Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation, Conservative Fund over 5 years in 2011Janus Global Real Estate FundBest Global Real Estate Fund over 3 years in 2011Janus Growth Allocation Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation, Growth Fund over 5 years in 2011Janus Moderate Allocation Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation, Moderate Fund over 5 years in 2011Janus Overseas Fund Best International Multi-Cap Growth Fund over 3, 5, 10 years in 2011Best Risk Management Initiative - eQuantum Janus’ proprietary equity risk management systemOUR PEOPLE as of 3/31/171,248Total Employees192Investment Professionals64Investment Professionalswith 20+ years of industry experienceBUSINESSLEADERSHIPRichard M. WeilChief Executive OfficerINVESTMENTLEADERSHIPEnrique ChangPresident, Head of Investments, Portfolio ManagerCarmel WellsoDirector of Research, Portfolio ManagerBill GrossPortfolio Manager, Global Macro Fixed IncomeKumar Palghat, CFAPortfolio Manager, Global Macro Fixed IncomeChristopher Diaz, CFA Head of Global Fundamental Fixed Income,Portfolio ManagerDarrell W. Watters Head of U.S. Fundamental Fixed Income,Portfolio ManagerMyron Scholes, Ph.D.Chief Investment StrategistAshwin Alankar, Ph.D.Global Head of Asset Allocation & Risk Management, Portfolio ManagerAdrian Banner, Ph.D.CEO/CIO, Portfolio Manager INTECHGreg Kolb, CFACIO, Portfolio Manager PerkinsNick Cherney, CFAHead of Exchange Traded ProductsJANUS CAPITAL GROUPEach of our investment platforms brings a distinct perspective, focused expertise and a disciplined approach to risk.












About Us


























About Janus Capital GroupDOWNLOAD PDFSHARESince 1969, Janus Capital Group has stayed true to our mission: deliver better client outcomes through actively managed investment solutions. Today, we offer a broad range of fixed income, equity, alternative and multi-asset strategies managed by Janus, INTECH and Perkins, as well as a suite of exchange traded products.Through expertise in security selection, portfolio construction and asset allocation, we help investors meet their goals of growth, volatility management, uncorrelated returns and income.Janus’ forward-looking, innovative product development strategy is responsive to the needs of investors in today’s complex market environment. With more than 100 expertly constructed investment strategies and an unwavering focus on delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, Janus can meet the needs of virtually any investor.ASSET CLASSESU.S. equitiesGlobal equities Regional/international equities Fundamental fixed income Global macro fixed income Asset allocation Liquid alternatives VEHICLESMutual fundsETFsSeparate accounts Retail separately managed accounts Pooled vehicles     -CITs     -Commingled pools      -Australian Unit TrustsGLOBAL PERSPECTIVE, GLOBAL REACHOn the ground where our clients live and work, we have an in-depth understanding of local markets and investor needs to complement our global perspective. A robust infrastructure enables Janus to bring our best global thinking to all aspects of our business including trading, risk management and client service.AWARDSJanus stands for investment excellence, diligence in our process and an unrelenting desire to deliver risk-adjusted returns for our clients.Janus Real Return Fund Best Inflation-Protected Bond Fund for the 3-year period in 2016 and 5-year period in 2017Janus Global Research Fund Best Global Multi-Cap Growth Fund for the 5-year period in 2012 and 10-year period in 2016 and 2017Janus Balanced Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation Moderate Fund for the 10 year period in 2015 and 2016Janus Contrarian FundBest Multi-Cap Core Fund over3 years in 2015Janus Global Life Sciences Fund Best Global Health/BiotechnologyFund over 3, 5 and 10 years in 2014Perkins Global Value Fund Best Global Multi-Cap Value  Fund over 5 years in 2013Janus Conservative Allocation Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation, Conservative Fund over 5 years in 2011Janus Global Real Estate FundBest Global Real Estate Fund over 3 years in 2011Janus Growth Allocation Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation, Growth Fund over 5 years in 2011Janus Moderate Allocation Fund Best Mixed-Asset Target Allocation, Moderate Fund over 5 years in 2011Janus Overseas Fund Best International Multi-Cap Growth Fund over 3, 5, 10 years in 2011Best Risk Management Initiative - eQuantum Janus’ proprietary equity risk management systemOUR PEOPLE as of 3/31/171,248Total Employees192Investment Professionals64Investment Professionalswith 20+ years of industry experienceBUSINESSLEADERSHIPRichard M. WeilChief Executive OfficerINVESTMENTLEADERSHIPEnrique ChangPresident, Head of Investments, Portfolio ManagerCarmel WellsoDirector of Research, Portfolio ManagerBill GrossPortfolio Manager, Global Macro Fixed IncomeKumar Palghat, CFAPortfolio Manager, Global Macro Fixed IncomeChristopher Diaz, CFA Head of Global Fundamental Fixed Income,Portfolio ManagerDarrell W. Watters Head of U.S. Fundamental Fixed Income,Portfolio ManagerMyron Scholes, Ph.D.Chief Investment StrategistAshwin Alankar, Ph.D.Global Head of Asset Allocation & Risk Management, Portfolio ManagerAdrian Banner, Ph.D.CEO/CIO, Portfolio Manager INTECHGreg Kolb, CFACIO, Portfolio Manager PerkinsNick Cherney, CFAHead of Exchange Traded ProductsJANUS CAPITAL GROUPEach of our investment platforms brings a distinct perspective, focused expertise and a disciplined approach to risk.






Perkins Investment Management, LLC                                                                                       - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Investment Advice



Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis



                            Perkins Investment Management, LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Perkins Investment Management, LLC                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



311 S WACKER DR STE 6000 CHICAGO, IL 60606
Get Directions



(312) 922-0355
www.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 2003
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,542,482.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis
 Contacts Peter Q Thompson                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2003, Perkins Investment Management, Llc                                                                                       has been providing Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis from Chicago. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Perkins Investment Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Perkins Investment Management LLC


Perkins Investment Management LLC
(CRD# 126925) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Chicago, IL.
They
manage $7,999,895,367 in 154 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 50 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Perkins Investment Management LLC




311 S. Wacker Drive, Ste. 6000,
Chicago,
IL
60606
312-922-0355
https://www.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com




https://www.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

8,000
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

154
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$51,947,373







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Perkins Investment Management LLC




Showing 1 - 6 of 6 top financial advisors.





1















Craig S. Kempler



CRD#:
4012223



311 S. Wacker Drive, Ste. 6000,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Craig Kempler (CRD# 4012223) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perkins Investment Management LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Robert H. Perkins



CRD#:
725935



311 S. Wacker Drive, Ste. 6000,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Robert Perkins (CRD# 725935) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perkins Investment Management LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 35 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Thomas M. Perkins



CRD#:
1459679



580 California Street,
San Francisco,
CA
94104




93

Wealthminder
score








Thomas Perkins (CRD# 1459679) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perkins Investment Management LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Kevin R. Preloger



CRD#:
2781148



311 S. Wacker Drive, Ste. 6000,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Kevin Preloger (CRD# 2781148) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perkins Investment Management LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Theodore M. Thome



CRD#:
4592399



311 S. Wacker Drive, Ste. 6000,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Theodore Thome (CRD# 4592399) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perkins Investment Management LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Justin J. Tugman



CRD#:
2746069



311 S. Wacker Drive, Ste. 6000,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Justin Tugman (CRD# 2746069) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Perkins Investment Management LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Perkins Investment Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 2:27 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Perkins Investment Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Perkins Investment Management LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, institutions, corporations, and investment companies. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm typically invests in value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies. It employs a fundamental analysis and a quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its equity portfolios. The firm employs in...
Perkins Investment Management LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, institutions, corporations, and investment companies. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm typically invests in value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies. It employs a fundamental analysis and a quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its equity portfolios. The firm employs in-house research to make its investments. It was founded in 1980 and is based in Chicago, Illinois with an additional office in San Francisco, California. Perkins Investment Management LLC operates as a subsidiary of Janus Capital Management LLC.
Detailed Description


311 South Wacker DriveSuite 6000Chicago, IL 60606United StatesFounded in 1980



Phone: 312-922-0355

Fax: 312-922-0418

www.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com/







Key Executives for Perkins Investment Management LLC




Mr. Norman Theodore Hans


      	Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer, and Director
      








Mr. Randy Hughes


      	Director of Research Analytics
      








Mr. Jeffrey Ronald Kautz CFA


      	Chief Investment Officer, Co-Portfolio Manager, and Director
      








Mr. Gregory Alan Frost


      	Executive Vice President and Director
      


Age: 46
        







Ms. Mariya Krol CPA


      	Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Perkins Investment Management LLC, please visit www.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 













Perkins Investment Management, LLC | Email CEO @ww4.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    Perkins Investment Management, LLC





ww4.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com







, Zip Unknown 
Phone: N/A
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                    Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                
SIC Code:  
                     Unavailable 
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All AudioVideo
CDN
OS










Brightcove
Brightcove Inc. (NASDAQ: BCOV), a leading global provider of cloud services for video, offers a family of products that revolutionize the way organizations deliver video experiences. The company






Google Ajax
The AJAX Code Playground is an educational tool to show code examples for various Google Javascript APIs.






iPhone OS
iOS is a popular Smartphone Operating System



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data





No Records Found.







Showing 1 to 
                1                                

                                    of 11 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Perkins Investment Management, LLC, a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Perkins Investment Management, Llc email addresses with the @ww4.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.comdomain format. They have their head office in , .  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ww4.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
Episil Semiconductor, Inc.
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of Episil Semiconductor, Inc.'s CEO . The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and Episil Semiconductor, Inc. email addresses with the domain format of @episil.com. Episil Semiconductor, Inc., is in the Investment bank/brokerage field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@episil.com addresses.
bsn capital partners ltd
bsn capital partners ltd, a business led by CEO , is part of the Investment bank/brokerage industry. bsn capital partners ltd email  with the @bsncapital.com format, you can check their Lead411 profile. They hold their main office in ,  and more data like cfo contacts and linkedin data can be found within our profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@bsncapital.com addresses.
M. H. Carnegie & Co
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of M. H. Carnegie & Co's CEO . The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and M. H. Carnegie & Co email addresses with the domain format of @mhcarnegie.com. M. H. Carnegie & Co, is in the Investment bank/brokerage field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mhcarnegie.com addresses.




Company Directory > Perkins Investment Management, LLC




















Perkins Investment Management, LLC Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Perkins Investment Management, LLC


Perkins Investment Management, LLC

311 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 6000 
Chicago IL 60606 United States
Phone: +1 312-___-____
Fax: 
https://www.perkinsinvestmentmanagement.com





18
Managers




5
IT employees




$1.1MEST.
IT Budget




Perkins Investment Management, LLC is an investment firm that utilizes a value-based approach in the belief that investing in a diversified portfolio of high-quality, yet undervalued stocks can lead to outperformance of a benchmark over time. It is currently located… MorePerkins Investment Management, LLC is an investment firm that utilizes a value-based approach in the belief that investing in a diversified portfolio of high-quality, yet undervalued stocks can lead to outperformance of a benchmark over time. It is currently located in Chicago, Illinois.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Brokerage and Asset Management)


Employees
100


Revenue
$40.0M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2015-12-31
Technology Updates
Topic: Web Server.
Company: Perkins Investment Management, LLC, Chicago, IL
Opportunity: Deployed Nginx in the last 60 Days.




2015-06-24
Management Change
Company: Perkins Investment Management, LLC, Chicago, IL
Change: Jeff Kautz has left the position of CEO, CIO & Portfolio Manager.






Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Data Modeling/Mining
Lead Forensics

Web Analytics
Crazy EggGoogle Analytics (GA)UrchinWebTrends
Data Infrastructure

Email Hosting
SMTP Server (inhouse)

Infrastructure Management
BrightcoveViawest

Server and Operating Systems
Nginx
Information Mgmt

User Experience
Google Custom Search
Information Security

Secure Gateway
VeriSign EV SSL
Network/ Telecom Systems

Content Delivery Networks
Amazon CloudFrontBootstrapCDNRackSpace
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Analytics

Business Intelligence
Lead Forensics

Web Analytics
Crazy EggGoogle Analytics (GA)UrchinWebTrends
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Brightcove
eCommerce

Online Retailing
RackSpace
Sales/ Mktg Automation

Email Marketing
SMTP Server (inhouse)
Social

Digital Social Content
Amazon CloudFrontBootstrapCDN
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Ron Zia
Client Portfolio Manager
___@perkinsjanus.com
+1 312-___-____







Tom Perkins
Manager, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Portfolio
___@perkinsjanus.com
+1 312-___-____






Ryan Wolf
Chief Information Officer (CIO)
___@perkinsjanus.com
+1 312-___-____







Ted Hans
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
___@perkinsjanus.com
+1 312-___-____







Gregory Kolb
Chief Investment Officer & Portfolio Manager
___@perkinsjanus.com
+1 312-___-____









Susan Fanning
Research Analyst
___@perkinsjanus.com
+1 312-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing










		
		
		Perkins Investment Management Has Increased Its Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Holding; ARTISANAL BRANDS (AHFP) Sellers Increased By 1260% Their Shorts - High Point Observer
		
		
		
		

 
















 














































Trending
Finance
Market
Business
Contact






Perkins Investment Management Has Increased Its Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Holding; ARTISANAL BRANDS (AHFP) Sellers Increased By 1260% Their Shorts


					

						July 18, 2017 - By Maria Brooks

 ARTISANAL BRANDS (OTCMKTS:AHFP) had an increase of 1260% in short interest. AHFP’s SI was 20,400 shares in July as released by FINRA. Its up 1260% from 1,500 shares previously. With 90,500 avg volume, 0 days are for ARTISANAL BRANDS (OTCMKTS:AHFP)’s short sellers to cover AHFP’s short positions. It is 0.00% or $0 reaching $0.007 per share. It is down 0.00% since July 18, 2016 and is . It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500.
Perkins Investment Management Llc increased Equity Commonwealth (EQC) stake by 8.3% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Perkins Investment Management Llc acquired 225,382 shares as Equity Commonwealth (EQC)’s stock declined 0.70%. The Perkins Investment Management Llc holds 2.94M shares with $88.95 million value, up from 2.72 million last quarter. Equity Commonwealth now has $3.96 billion valuation. The stock declined 0.03% or $0.01 reaching $31.8 on the news. About 98,771 shares traded. Equity Commonwealth (NYSE:EQC) has risen 13.35% since July 18, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 3.35% the S&P500.






Artisanal Brands, Inc. offers Artisanal Premium Cheese brand to premium restaurants, hotels and private clubs. The company has market cap of $148,521. The Firm offers Artisanal Premium Cheese’s products to its clients through the Website www.artisanalcheese.com. It currently has negative earnings. The Firm offers cheese products in a range of textures, such as semi-soft and soft cheeses, and firm and hard cheeses.
Perkins Investment Management Llc decreased Anadarko Petroleum Corp (NYSE:APC) stake by 39,686 shares to 17,700 valued at $1.23 million in 2016Q4. It also reduced Investors Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:ISBC) stake by 315,898 shares and now owns 4.18M shares. Netscout Systems Inc (NASDAQ:NTCT) was reduced too. 
Among 3 analysts covering Equity Commonwealth (NYSE:EQC), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 33% are positive. Equity Commonwealth had 8 analyst reports since August 10, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Citigroup upgraded it to “Neutral” rating and $26 target in Monday, September 14 report. The firm has “Hold” rating by Stifel Nicolaus given on Friday, November 6. As per Monday, August 10, the company rating was upgraded by Zacks. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Citigroup given on Thursday, September 1. Citigroup upgraded the stock to “Neutral” rating in Friday, September 11 report. The stock of Equity Commonwealth (NYSE:EQC) earned “Hold” rating by Stifel Nicolaus on Friday, July 14. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Bank of America given on Wednesday, September 9. Bank of America upgraded Equity Commonwealth (NYSE:EQC) on Monday, August 15 to “Buy” rating.



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.












 




Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Middleby (MIDD) EPS Estimated At $1.38, ElringKlinger AG (ETR:ZIL2) Covered By 5 Bullish Analysts Last Week


$0.17 EPS Expected for Medley Capital (MCC); Marvell Technology Group LTD (MRVL) Has 1.27 Sentiment


KEYW Holding Corp. (KEYW) EPS Estimated At $-0.03; PTC Has 1.22 Sentiment


EPS for Impax Laboratories (IPXL) Expected At $0.14; 1 Analysts Bullish Textura (TXTR)


Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) EPS Estimated At $0.01, Metro-goldwyn-mayer (MGM) Has 1.41 Sentiment


CareDx (CDNA) Analysts See $-0.17 EPS, Wedge Capital Management L LP Cut By $8.47 Million Its Regions Financial (RF) Holding


Walter Investment Management (WAC) Analysts See $-0.92 EPS; Salzhauer Michael Decreased Bank New York Mellon (BK) Stake By $1.59 Million


ImmunoVaccine Inc. (IMV) Analysts See $-0.02 EPS, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)


Analysts See $-0.02 EPS for ACUITYADS HOLDINGS (AT); KKR & Co LP (KKR) Has 0.9 Sentiment


Tesoro (TSO) EPS Estimated At $1.52; Fevertree Drinks PLC (LON:FEVR) Had 3 Analysts Last Week






© Copyright 2011-2017 High Point Observer

				

			



		
















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle






















