



Gluten Free Diet & The Food For A Healthy Brain - Dr. Perlmutter
































































 




































Join my Email Community:











Featured post


Welcome to DrPerlmutter.com



Your empowerment through information is the underlying principle of our site. Our mission is not only to provide information that relates to specific medical issues, but even more importantly, information that reveals the keys to maintaining health and preventing disease. Welcome!

Grain Brain Whole Life Plan » Focus Areas » Empowering Neurologist »








Now On Air Dr. Perlmutter's latest TV special is now airing!Watch Now! 
Popular Posts
Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain

 




Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent Headlin...

 




Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.

 




Keep Yourself in Ketosis

 


[tweet]latest:davidperlmutter:1[/tweet]







					What they're saying
				


						Dr. Perlmutter is the leading integrative medicine neurologist in North America today. His ability to fully integrate conventional medicine diagnosis and treatment with the latest innovations in nutritional and environmental medicine is phenomenal. As a teacher and clinician, he has fundamentally changed how physicians and patients think about neurological degeneration and, happily, regeneration.						Joseph Pizzorno, ND
Editor-in-Chief, Integrative Medicine, A Clinician's Journal; Co-Author, Encyclopedia of Natural Medicine; Founding President, Bastyr University








Featured videos






Probiotics: A New Treatment for Alzheimer’s?





The Empowering Neurologist: David Perlmutter, MD and Dr. David Brady





Magnesium: A Critical Micronutrient







 

Join my Email Community




 




		Copyright 2017 David Perlmutter, MD.
Community Policy - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy



Blog




Yes, A Magic Bullet for Your Brain



I have spoken at length about the importance of exercise for increasing the gene expression of BDNF, a protein that increases the growth of new brain cells. As previously mentioned, research has shown that people with higher levels of BDNF are at a lower risk of developing dementia.
In this new study, exercise in people age 50 or over is demonstrated to have significant effects on cognition. The report is a meta-analysis, meaning a review of other research publications (in this case, 39 studies). It’s a comprehensive look at how exercise impacts the brain!






Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain



The message that we should all dramatically reduce our sugar consumption is really gaining traction and for good reason. This was a central theme of Grain Brain, and these ideas have certainly been validated since I published that book back in 2013.
Unfortunately, as people have learned about the threats of sugar consumption, soft drink manufacturers have decided to emphasize sugar-free beverages, sweetened with artificial sweeteners, as a “healthy” alternative. To be clear, nothing is further from the truth. 
 Continue reading






The Empowering Neurologist – David Perlmutter, MD and Mike Salguero



I’m sure by now many of you have heard of ButcherBox, an online subscription that allows you to receive 100% grass-fed beef, free-range organic chicken, and heritage breed pork each month. I’ve been very impressed with the mission of this company, how well they are performing, and the quality of their product and customer service.
Our interview today is with the founder and CEO of ButcherBox, Mike Salguero. Mike will walk us through how the need for this service became apparent to him, and how he ultimately built and scaled ButcherBox- which now delivers 100% grass-fed beef and other high-quality meats to thousands of people across the U.S. (include Leize and I)!
 Continue reading






Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.



With more than 6.5 million American children being diagnosed with ADHD, and close to 70% of them being medicated, it sure makes sense that we should consider how lifestyle factors, including diet, may affect a child’s ability to pay attention in school.
Certainly, DHA is important, as research has demonstrated significant improvement in focus in children with higher levels of this omega-3 fat. Continue reading






Ketogenic Diet Dramatically Improves Parkinson’s Disease



Ask any neurologist how Parkinson’s disease is treated, and you’re sure to get a long list of medications. Truth is, none of the medications actually treats the disease. The medications that are used are clearly effective, but only focus on the management of symptoms, not the underlying disease. Continue reading






Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent Headlines.



You may or may not have seen the American Heart Association’s (AHA) latest report, but I’m sure you’ve probably seen the social media frenzy that followed their statements on coconut oil.
An article by USA Today with the headline “Coconut Oil Isn’t Healthy, It’s Never Been Healthy”, has been shared over a half a million times. The AHA rehashed their age-old dietary guidelines for fats and cholesterol, attempting to finger them both as the cause of cardiovascular disease (CVD). But this time they took it one step further and took a stab at coconut oil, stating:
However, because coconut oil increases LDL cholesterol, a cause of CVD, and has no known offsetting favorable effects, we advise against the use of coconut oil.
So what’s going on here? Is coconut oil suddenly not as good for you as we once thought? Or, is the AHA report based on erroneous science? Continue reading







3 Steps to Help Prevent Dementia



One of the most critical things you can do for your health is make lifestyle choices that reduce your risk of dementia, a debilitating illness. Today, I’ll share three of my favorite high-impact tips for doing so, all of which are hallmarks of the Grain Brain Whole Life Plan.






The Empowering Neurologist – David Perlmutter, MD and Dr. Keith Runyan



I think it is very clear that, when discussing diabetes, I am almost always talking about type 2. Mostly, this is because type 2 diabetes is so much more common and, to a significant degree, avoidable.
Type 1 diabetes, on the other hand, is less related to lifestyle choices as it is an autoimmune condition. Continue reading


 




































 Loading More







Gluten Free Food List for a Healthy Brain - Start A Gluten Free Diet































































 

















Join my Email Community:







EatGluten Free Food List





 Gluten Free Food List



The following items can be consumed liberally on your Gluten Free Diet (go organic and local with your whole- food choices wherever possible; flash frozen is fine, too):



Healthy fat: extra virgin olive oil, sesame oil, coconut oil, grass-fed tallow and organic or pasture-fed butter, ghee, almond milk, avocados, coconuts, olives,nuts and nut butters, cheese (except for blue cheeses), and seeds (flaxseed, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, chia seeds).
Protein: whole eggs; wild fish (salmon, black cod, mahi mahi, grouper,herring, trout, sardines); shellfish and molluscs (shrimp, crab, lobster, mussels, clams, oysters); grass-fed meat, fowl, poultry, and pork (beef, lamb, liver, bison, chicken, turkey, duck, ostrich, veal); wild game.
Vegetables: leafy greens and lettuces, collards, spinach, broccoli, kale, chard, cabbage, onions, mushrooms, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, sauerkraut, artichoke, alfalfa sprouts, green beans, celery, bok choy, radishes, watercress, turnip, asparagus, garlic, leek, fennel, shallots, scallions, ginger, jicama, parsley, water chestnuts.
Low-sugar Fruit: avocado, bell peppers, cucumber, tomato, zucchini, squash, pumpkin, eggplant, lemons, limes.
Herbs, Seasonings, and Condiments: You can go wild here as long as you watch labels. Kiss ketchup and chutney goodbye but enjoy mustard, horseradish, tapenade, and salsa if they are free of gluten, wheat, soy, and sugar. There are virtually no restrictions on herbs and seasonings; be mindful of packaged products, however, that were made at plants that process wheat and soy.






The following can be used in moderation (“moderation” means eating small amounts of these ingredients once a day or, ideally, just a couple times weekly):







Non-gluten grains: amaranth, buckwheat, rice (brown, white, wild), millet, quinoa, sorghum, teff. (A note about oats: although oats do not naturally contain gluten, they are frequently contaminated with gluten because they are processed at mills that also handle wheat; avoid them unless they come with a guarantee that they are gluten-free.) When non-gluten grains are processed for human consumption (e.g., milling whole oats and preparing rice for packaging), their physical structure changes, and this increases the risk of an inflammatory reaction. For this reason, we limit these foods.
Legumes (beans, lentils, peas). Exception: you can have hummus (made from chickpeas).
Carrots and parsnips.
Whole sweet fruit: berries are best; be extra cautious of sugary fruits such as apricots, mangos, melons, papaya, prunes, and pineapple.
Cow’s milk and cream: use sparingly in recipes, coffee, and tea.
Cottage cheese, yogurt, and kefir: use sparingly in recipes or as a topping.
Sweeteners: natural stevia and chocolate (choose dark chocolate that’s at least 70 percent or more cocoa).
Wine: one glass a day if you so choose, preferably red.

Here’s a sample shopping list:

Shredded Coconut
Kale
Almonds
Walnuts
Olive Oil
Coconut Oil
Grass Fed Beef
Free Range Eggs
Avocado
Free Range Turkey
Free Range Chicken
Mixed Greens
Spinach
Broccoli
Wild Salmon
Berries (in moderation)
Onions
Garlic
Bell Pepper
Black Pepper
Goat’s Cheese







 



Now On Air Dr. Perlmutter's latest TV special is now airing!Watch Now! 
Popular Posts
Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain

 




Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent Headlin...

 




Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.

 




Keep Yourself in Ketosis

 


[tweet]latest:davidperlmutter:1[/tweet]






					What they're saying
				


						I have known Dr. David Perlmutter for many years. He has helped treat my wife, who has MS, and has been a resource for me as I refer many patients with neurological problems to him. His holistic and integrative approach is what I appreciate most. He understands the patient’s potential and helps them to achieve it rather than be limited by beliefs and statistics.						Bernie Siegel, MD
renowned physician and author of many bestselling books including Love, Medicine, and Miracles and his latest A Book of Miracles.





 

Join my Email Community









		Copyright 2017 David Perlmutter, MD.
Community Policy - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy




































 Loading More







Gluten Free Recipes - More Than Gluten Free, Delicious & Healthy.































































 

















Join my Email Community:







EatGluten Free Recipes







Vegetarian Recipes
Looking for low-carb and gluten-free recipes for vegetarians and vegans? We’ve got a bunch right here!
View Recipes

Gluten-free foods can take many forms these days. Walk into your local health food store or supermarket and you will surely see plenty of gluten-free alternatives to some staple foods. These can be anything from gluten-free pizza to gluten-free bread to gluten-free cake. However, as you might guess, this does not mean that these alternatives are necessarily healthful, just because they are gluten-free.
Keep in mind the other cornerstone of the Grain Brain program is to choose foods that won’t have a significant effect on blood sugar. And that means cutting out carbs whether gluten-free or not. This is the optimal diet for brain health, and health in general. Below you will find a few of the great recipes featured in Grain Brain as well as many brain healthy, gluten-free recipes submitted by readers!  All are low in carbohydrates and high in brain healthy fats. Enjoy!
If you are skilled in the kitchen, feel free to send some of your favorite Grain Brain approved recipes to recipes@DrPerlmutter.com and we may feature your recipe!



All recipesBreakfastLunchDinnerSnack 









Eggplant Burger

Dinner
Lunch
Vegetarian

View Recipe »

 






Cod with Roasted Tomatoes, Capers and Caulif...

Dinner
seafood

View Recipe »

 






Avocado Chicken Salad Stuffed Tomato

avocado
Chicken
Dinner
Lunch

View Recipe »

 






Chicken Fajita Salad

Chicken
Dinner
Lunch
Salad

View Recipe »

 






Sage Turkey Sausage with Sweet Potatoes and ...

breakfast
Lunch
Turkey

View Recipe »

 






Chocolate Covered Strawberry Cereal

breakfast
Chocolate
fruit
Strawberries

View Recipe »

 

Cashew Bread

Snack

View Recipe »

 

Eggless Avocado Scramble

avocado
breakfast

View Recipe »

 






Homemade Ketchup

Sauce
Snack

View Recipe »

 

Avocado Shake

avocado
breakfast
Shake
Smoothie

View Recipe »

 










Featured Recipes






Sesame Kale Salad





Slow‐Roasted Salmon with Mustard Glaze





Manchego Tortilla







Grain Brain CookbookOver 150 delicious, brain-healthy recipesAvailable Now 
Popular Posts
Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain

 




Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent He...

 




Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.

 




Keep Yourself in Ketosis

 


[tweet]latest:davidperlmutter:1[/tweet]






					What they're saying
				


						Dr. Perlmutter provides sound advice, supported by the latest and most well respected medical research.						Russell. B. Roth, MD
Past President, American Medical Association





 

Join my Email Community









		Copyright 2017 David Perlmutter, MD.
Community Policy - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy




































 Loading More







Brain Maker Foods - The Best Probiotic and Prebiotic Foods
































































 

















Join my Email Community:







EatBrain Maker Foods





 Brain Maker Foods


Probiotic Foods
Active-Culture Yogurt
An explosion of yogurt brands has taken over the dairy section lately, but you have to be careful about which brands to buy; many of them—both Greek and regular—are loaded with added sugar, artificial sweeteners, and artificial flavors. Read your labels. For people sensitive to dairy, coconut yogurt is an excellent dairy-free way to work plenty of enzymes and probiotics into your diet. 
Kefir
The name Kefir is derived from the Turkish word keyif which means “feeling good” after consumption. This fermented dairy product is very similar to yogurt. It is a unique combination of kefir “grains” (a combination of yeast and bacteria) and goat’s milk that’s high in lactobacilli and bifidobacteria. It’s also rich in antioxidants. For those who are sensitive to dairy or lactose intolerant, coconut kefir, a non-dairy version, is also delicious and equally beneficial.
Kombucha Tea
This is a form of fermented black or green tea that has been used for centuries. Fizzy and often served chilled, it’s also believed to help increase energy, and may even help you lose weight. 
Tempeh
Many people, especially vegetarians, eat tempeh as a substitute for meat. Tempeh is fermented soybeans and a complete protein, with all of the amino acids. Also a great source of vitamin B12, tempeh can be cooked or crumbled over salads. 
*Note: Not to be confused with unfermented soy. The fermentation process reduces the levels of phytic acid in tempeh, making it a much better option. Overall, I am not a huge fan of any soy derived product. But for vegetarians, this is an option.
Kimchi
A traditional Korean dish, this is a mixture of fermented vegetables and seasonings. Common ingredients include cabbage, brine, radish and spices such as ginger and chili pepper. In addition to providing beneficial bacteria, kimchi is also a great source of calcium, iron, beta-carotene, and vitamins A, C, B1, and B2. For some it may be a little too spicy, but it’s one of the best probiotic foods you can add to your diet if you can handle the heat. 
Sauerkraut
A german word, Sauerkraut translates to “sour cabbage.” Not only does this fermented cabbage fuel healthy gut bacteria but it contains choline, a chemical needed for the proper transmission of nerve impulses in the brain and throughout the central nervous system. 
Pickles
No wonder many pregnant women crave pickles, among the most basic and beloved natural probiotic. For many, pickles can be your gateway food to other, more exotic fermented foods.
Pickled fruits and vegetables
Pickling fruits and veggies, such as carrot sticks, transforms the usual into the extraordinary. Whether you do this yourself or buy pickled produce, keep in mind that the probiotic benefits are only present in unpasteurized foods pickled in brine, not vinegar.
Cultured condiments
Believe it or not, you can create lacto-fermented mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish, hot sauce, relish, salsa, guacamole, salad dressing, and fruit chutney. Sour cream, while technically a fermented dairy product, tends to lose its probiotic power during processing. Some manufacturers, however, add live cultures at the end of the process; look for these brands. 
Fermented meat, fish, and eggs
Consumed in may traditional fares, you can find some mouth-watering recipes from corned beef to pickled sardines and fermented hard-boiled eggs in the recipes section of Brain Maker.

Prebiotic Foods
Acacia gum (or gum Arabic)



To reap the benefits of Acacia gum, you can buy acacia powder and mix it with water. Just 1 tablespoon will give you 6 grams of insoluble prebiotic fiber—the kind of fiber the gut bugs love for their own nourishment.



Raw chicory root



I use chicory root when cooking, as it is an excellent source of antioxidants, as well as a terrific system cleanser. Most of my chicory consumption comes via kimchi, as it’s an ingredient I use when making kimchi at home (and you can find the recipe in Brain Maker).



Raw Jerusalem artichoke
Jerusalem artichoke, which you might know better as sunroot, is actually a species of sunflower loaded with nutrients and health benefits. Specifically, besides being a great prebiotic, Jerusalem artichoke is rich in potassium and iron. During the week, I enjoy Jerusalem artichoke in salads.
Raw dandelion greens



Dandelion greens are a rich source of prebiotics. Buy a bunch of these greens for the week and add them to salads and vegetable dishes.



Raw garlic
There are myriad health benefits to be derived from garlic, and the fact that raw garlic is packed with prebiotics is just one of them. Lots of recipes here on my website to help you sort out how to make sure you get some in every day.
Raw or cooked onion
Just like garlic, onions are another vegetable you might be consuming every day without realizing just how powerful it is for your health. In both raw and cooked form, onions carry a strong prebiotic load.
Raw leek
Leeks are a subtle way to add not just flavor, but nutrition to any meal you are making. It’s a prebiotic powerhouse you can work into almost every dish.
Raw asparagus
One of my favorite snack foods, or side dishes, is fermented spiced asparagus (another recipe you can find in Brain Maker).
For other foods you should make a staple of your diet, check out this list of gluten-free foods.








Tomas



Kombucha Tea, like kefir, is a combination of two kingdoms : colonies of eubacteria and fungi. I’ve always been attracted to kombucha, but only recently did I bother to investigate what I was drinking. There are other examples of bacteria and yeast ferments, but they are not as powerful as kefir and kombucha.






Julie



I live in a rural area and in my little town there is only a WalMart for grocery shopping. I’m a Psychiatric NP and you describe what is happening for so many of my patients. Id love to help them start changing their diets. A lot of the foods on the list I’ve never heard of or are not available or too expensive. Any suggestions? 






Brandon



Kombucha, sauerkraut, kimchi, home made yogurt, can all be made very easily at home and from ingredients from walmart, in some cases a starter culture will be needed but others not. 
For the some of the prebiotics: acacia gum, chickory root, potato starch, if you can’t find them locally, they can all be ordered off amazon very reasonably and will be at your door in 2 days. 
I would imagine that some of the fermented items could be ordered online as well but its a fraction of the price to make yourself.






Julie



Thanks for the info, I plan to start working on making these foods myself, and then maybe I can spread the word. Im excited! 






meredith



Hi Julie, cultures4health is a great website to order starter cultures for kefir, etc.  Your cultures often grow, so you could share them with others






Julie



Thanks! I remember my mom making ginger beer and sharing with her friends, reminds me of that. 












Helen Driscoll



Any farms locally? Anyone starting gardens?








Plants with pesco



Okinawans enjoy robust cognitive health (dementia and AD very rare) into their 90’s and beyond!  They enjoy daily doses of various fermented soy foods and avoid dairy:  miso (look at whole foods for active miso in refrigerated section), tempeh, tofu.  Breast and prostate cancer is also extremely rare for those Okinawans eating the traditional diet, which also includes anti-aromotase mushrooms and antiangiogenic foods like turmeric, ginger, green-tea, soy, greens, oodles of carotenoid veggies, seaweed, fish etc…






Annie Dru



It’s super easy to make your own probiotic sour cream, or ‘creme fraiche’ at home.  All you need to do is purchase a pint of good quality, grass-fed cream (not ultra-pasteurized) and some organic buttermilk.  Transfer the cream to a glass jar, stir in one tablespoon of the buttermilk, screw on the lid and allow to sit at room temperature for 24 hours.  Transfer to the fridge to ‘set-up’ and you’re ready to go!






abe



don’t fermented foods cause stomach cancer?






John Szewczyk



What do U work 4 Monsanto……..get out of here!






Cidy Farrell



hahaha  .You are right!








adriano



Cancer makes money to chemical industry…






lynette mayo



I heard a name for it in a webinar l listened to. They called it “genocide”






Cidy Farrell



that’s what they do!








Cidy Farrell



exactly!!!  people are addicted to medicines….








Odindis



If you type “fermented foods and cancer” into a search engine, you’ll find many excellent articles about the anti-cancer properties of fermented foods, such as these:
http://www.rethinkingcancer.org/resources/articles/a-daily-dose-of-fermented-food.php
http://www.healingcancernaturally.com/dr-kuhl-lactic-acid-treatment.html






Saverio Filippis



It’s amazing how much ignorance there is about true natural food sources that are out there to do us good..








Angela Lynn Wolfe



No. If anything they prevent it!






Angela Milne



I would think they’d do the opposite – help heal it.






Angela Milne



Alexander Solzhenitsyn, the recently deceased Russian author and nobel-prize winner, in his autobiography, claimed that kombucha tea cured his stomach cancer during his internment in soviet labor camps. (And because of this testimony, President Reagan used kombucha to halt the spread of his cancer in 1987. You’ll note Reagan didn’t die until 2004, and that was from old age, NOT cancer.)






Odindis



I made my own kombucha, and a duodenal ulcer that would not go away healed up.  It’s been about 18 months, and no signs of return.  🙂






MJ



People do not actually die of “old age.”  Ronald Reagan died from complications of Pneumonia. 😉






Ta



Actually he died of complications from Alzheimer’s 






MJ



Yes. That complication was Pneumonia…












Cynthia



Not unless they are the only vegetables you are eating. Fermented foods have been a part of every culture through the centuries and are of vital importance to the microbiome.
The amount of probiotics in just one serving of raw fermented sauerkraut is equivalent to an entire bottle of probiotic pills. It is powerful and extremely good for you.






Cidy Farrell



fafulous!








Jay



No.








elaine small



MymMy husband has Parkinson we are wondering with the 3 drugs 1 mg azilect, 25mg-250mg carbidopa/levodopa and 1.5 mg pramipexole
We are wanting to know if we should take all 3 together or azilect  wait an hour and then take the other two?
Also any of these meds do we Need to wait for a period of time like an hour so it will not interfere with the brain receiving full dose age when eating proteins
Also all fermented foods and pickled I am told interact with the above medicines causing many problems in my husband is dizziness, hulluciation and. Sleepiness. Please advise
Thank you for your help






quiethinker



My husband was helped so much by Pale diet, like this one, that not  many people knew he had Parkinson’s after many years!  I suggest you look up Dr. Terry Wahls who healed herself and many others with diet








Corsi



Is it okay to eat fermented foods if you suffer from migraines?






David Perlmutter



Most likely, but if there is a concern, or you feel your body is reacting poorly, absolutely consult a physician.






Corsi



Thank you










Minna Lopez



Thank you for such a wonderfully educational book!  I saw your recipe for coconut water kefir and it mentions to look up the source for kefir grains in the resources section.  My book does not have a resource section.  Where can I find that information?






Corsi



http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/05/19/many-probiotics-taken-for-celiac-disease-contain-gluten/
I did not know we can not trust the GF labels !!!!!!!!!






Geraldine Granado



I’m 29weeks pregnant and tested positive for gestational diabetes, is it possible to be hypoglycemic and not g.diabetic? What can I do to become healthy? I have Brain Grain and Brain Maker..can u ref which pages to read more carefully..? (There is no history of diabetes in my family) Thank u






disqus_9BPVXny4F8



I’ve just listened to the audiobook and am wondering if you have a list of the probiotics you mentioned as well as these prebiotics. I understand now that both are essential. I hadn’t even heard of prebiotics before! Thanks!






Angela Lynn Wolfe



Audio book? Where please?






Kristie



Audible










Quentin Feduchin



What’s the oats story?






David Perlmutter



Cross-contamination with oats is common, so be absolutely sure the ones you’re consuming are gluten-free, and, as always, watch the carb count.








CaroK



How do I recognize that live cultures have been added to lacto-fermented mayo, mustard, salsa etc.? What do I specifically have to look for when I want to buy these kind of products?






Christina Limas



Fermented Cranberry Relish
Fermentation is the secret to this fresh sweet and
sour cranberry relish. If you haven’t yet made a cultured food, let this
foolproof recipe be your gateway to tangible kitchen magic. Yes, you can
effortlessly transform the flavor and healthfulness of basic ingredients into a
superior product.
I delight in the simplicity of this recipe and most
often make it with just three ingredients. But I also enjoy embellishing it
with ginger or other spices and by adding up to 1 cup chopped pecans or
walnuts. The just mixed ingredients taste tart, bitter and sugary. But
fermentation reduces the sugar, heightens the berries’ own sweetness and gives
the relish a feisty tang. There is no need to add a starter.
Yield: 3 cups
16 ounces (4 cups) fresh organic cranberries
1 organic orange, seeded and chopped; reserve 1/2 of the peel
2/3 cup honey or 3/4 cup cane sugar
1 teaspoon chopped ginger (optional)
Pick over the cranberries to remove any possible
spoiled ones; wash and drain well. Place the berries, orange, orange peel, and
honey in a food processor and coarsely chop (do not reduce to a puree). Add the
ginger and/or nuts, if using.
Pack tightly into a clean wide-mouth jar. Cover and
leave out at room temperature for 1 day. Taste it and use it now or, to
increase its zesty flavor, let it ferment for an additional day or two. As it
ferments the color deepens to a dark red. Periodically taste it (always with a
clean spoon so you don’t introduce unwanted bacteria into your culture) to
appreciate its increasing vibrancy. When the taste suits you, cover and store
it in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.






Liz



Thanks! This looks great!!






Michelle



Thank you for the intriguing “gateway” recipie, looking forward to try it out! 🙂






Cairenn House



Thanks! I need this for Thanksgiving.








Greg Simkins



I am confused about your position on Kefir.  On this page, you list kefir as a brain maker food.  In Grain Brain (page 226) you say to use kefir “in moderation” (once daily or preferably twice per week).  Why shouldn’t we drink kefir by the gallon if it is so good for us?






Lara



Hi Greg,
Here’s one possible explaination why you shouldn’t. Recall Perlmutter said the importance of limiting dairy. As kefir is a dairy product, it would make sense why we should moderately eat it. It is good for you, but like everything else, all good things are only good in moderation. Hope this helps.






Susan



I’d like to better understand why I should limit dairy. Although, I think kefir – especially the homemade organic variety that uses grains for fermentation – is a different animal from a tall glass of whole milk. Is it fair to put kefir in the same nutritional category? (not that you have)






Lara



Hi there Susan,
Great comment on the post. Kefir and whole milk both have excellent benefits; the differences lies with taste, fermentation as you’ve mentioned and fat content. Unless you buy kefir as a specialty brand made solely from soy or grains, it typically is also a dairy product. It usually has less fat than whole milk. The fat in whole milk, however, is highly nutritious packed with fat soluble vitamins necessary for strong bones and teeth. Plus the taste is creamier than Kefir typically is. Kefir is usually in yogurt form; Kefir’s strong point is that it fills your digestive system with beneficial bacteria which will out-compete disease causing ones. Whichever you choose to consume, you are making a healthy choice.










Alice Hess



Even plain Kefir has quite a bit of sugar in it, so drinking too much will load up the carbs.






Susan



It does? That’s news to me. I understood that the bacteria (grains) feasted on the lactose (sugar), thus turning the milk into a low sugar/carb beverage. Am I wrong? I drink kefir three times daily with no weight gain. Maybe I’m just lucky that it works for me.








gaby



If you use homemade kefir it is better than the one you buy, as you can leave away the sugar








Kimberly Lohr



https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UrnEmVgSHS8






Andre



Dr Perlmutter whats your take on Yacón / Peruvian ground apple, it has an extremely high amount of FOS and some documented benefits ( 34-55% FOS, 7-9% glucose, 13-14% fructose, 13% sucrose) , yet there is quite some fructose and sucrose in it – screw the carbs and use it as a prebiotic?






Paula Coulter



I saw Dr. Perlmutter on the Dr. Oz show.  He suggested putting yogurt in milk and letting it sit overnight to see if there was a yeasty reaction.  I did this with Fage yogurt. Total failure.  Can you please recommend a yogurt instead of putting all on the market to the test?






Deborah Roberts



Did you get an answer to the yogurt question?






Jay



Hi Paula;
I make yogurt at home. You can choose the type of milk(0,1,2% or full fat). You need to warm the milk in a pan till it almost boils over. Then let it cool till about the temperature your finger feels comfortably hot when you dip it in. Then add yogurt of your choice at least 2-3 tablespoons and stir it in. The yogurt you choose could be the one you like without flavorings. I used a yogurt culture from India. These are available as dahi in the Indian stores. Then cover and leave in a warm place. You could put in the oven with just the pilot light on in the winter. It should set overnight. Hope this helps.
Regards
Jay








Steve



How can I eat these foods without irritating ulcers






Jay



They fix your ulcers – which I doubt you have anyway…doctors are not the brightest individuals.








Susan Ford Keller



Where can I find coconut yogurt? That sounds fantastic! And what are the best pickles to buy? If they have preservatives, that must defeat the purpose of pickled foods, right?






kay Tergesen



Bubbies brand pickles.  I make my own coconut yogurt with a vegan starter from Cultures for Health.  You can buy store brand but it has sugar and other additives I don’t want to consume.   






Bri



Coconut yogurt is different from coconut kefir. Coconut kefir is much much better for you, and I find mine at whole foods. I’ve also seen it at Sprouts






Jerri Jones



I just saw a post on a brand of coconut yogurt.  Check more recent posts.








Gail



Mt Olivet pickles are low sugar. Grocery store p






Pingback: You Can Lose the Weight – Four Simple Steps | David Perlmutter M.D.()



Pingback: Go with your Gut: Probiotics and Optimal Gut Health | Back to the Cutting Board()



Pingback: You Can Lose the Weight – Four Simple Steps from Dr. David Perlmutter | Integrative Medical Research()





Laurie Pepper



1. After a recent and necessary course of antibiotics I read somewhere that a good probiotic to take immediately after that was Saccharomyces Boulardii+MOS.  I’ve read Brain Maker & you don’t mention that one (tho it seems to have helped a lot)?
AND 2. What do you say to the claim of certain manufacturers of probiotics that only THEIR enteric coated products will resist stomach acids?






Nona



I take this one off and on also. Great Probiotic-However I can’t take it very long as it seems to cause constipation. I use mostly when I have a flare with IBS.








Sio



I read somewhere that a good probiotic to take immediately after antiobiotics was Saccharomyces Boulardii+MOS.  I’ve read Brain Maker & you don’t mention that one .
Also,
 What do you say to the claim of certain manufacturers of probiotics that only THEIR enteric coated products will resist stomach acids?






Joe Rockman



My uncle is a cancer researcher and he told me years ago that they discovered a correlation between the consumption of pickled foods and gastric and pancreatic cancers.  A quick search on the internet shows numerous studies that support this; http://www.nature.com/bjc/journal/v90/n9/abs/6601755a.html






LB



There is a difference between preserved foods and pickled food!
know well what you are talking about before you comment.
the subject of your link is PRESERVED FOODS






Bearhair



It’s funny that you would scold the original poster … you clearly didn’t read the article to determine the researchers’ definition of “preserved foods.”
“The cancer risk tended to increase with increasing consumption of pickled vegetables, fermented soy products, salted fish and preserved meats, all with significant dose–response relationships. In particular, the effect of pickled vegetables was substantial among the preserved food subgroups.”
Foods preserved in salt, whether pickled in brine or otherwise fermented with salt, are the subject of the study.








Jerri Jones



Good question and thank you for the clarification on preserved foods vx. pickled foods.  I would not have gotten there was a difference.








Joe Rockman



I have significant concerns about eating pickled meats and fish; http://www.nature.com/bjc/journal/v90/n9/abs/6601755a.html
http://www.aicr.org/assets/docs/pdf/research/rescon2013/lampe-fermented-foods.pdf
Is it the large quantity of these pickled meats and vegetables that have many Asian populations at risk for various cancers?  If pickled meats and vegetables are a risk factor for cancer and the above referenced studies indicate a linear relationship between consumption and cancer, then wouldn’t it be better not to eat any pickled foods?
I’d like Dr. Perlmutter himself to comment on this rather than the non-experts.






Marcia Smith Johnson



I had to go dairy free about 10 years ago but recently found a yogurt, Greek Pastures, that is made from grass fed cows. So far I can handle it and boy, does it hit the spot. Yes, it has some sugar but high in protein and I’m hoping over all a good food choice. Thanks, Dr Perlmutter for all you do. 






Julie



where can I purchase fermented foods and pickled in brine?






Andrea Vaughn



Make yourself some brine, easy, then pickle, ferment away! Easy, inexpensive doing this ourselves. Good luck! There’s lots of fermenting tips out there, a Paleo site can fix you up. 






Evelyn Vincent



Julie, Cultures for Health has the best ingredients for making your own fermented foods.






Steve Fyten



Or you can make them at home very easily. Basically pack the vegetables in a jar and pour in water and salt to cover them. Add spices and peppers if you like, then wait a few days and they will start to ferment.






Vanessa



“Bubbies” brand pickles and saurkraut are actually fermented in brine, and delicious. Whole Foods carries them, as does YES Market in the DC area; probably other health food stores carry them as well. The pickles are so delicious and full of probiotics.






Shawn



I tried out this brand some time ago and I can attest to its relative weakness. When I started fermenting my own sauerkraut I was surprised at how much more powerful it was. I don’t trust store bought fermented foods to be of maximal benefit. They are good as an introduction for those who have not eaten probiotic foods for much of their life.






Vanessa



Really? You could tell just by tasting them, or how? That’s disappointing. I read that their dill pickles contain 15,000,000 on this website http://www.culturedfoodlife.com/bubbies-pickles-sauerkraut-the-immune-builders/
What do you think the average amount is in home- fermented pickles? I supplement with 85 billion a day but I want to get even more, ideally from food, and I’m not in a place right now to make my own. There is also kefir for those who can eat dairy– there’s a brand called Evolve that lists a minimum 20 million units on the label, but Consumerlab tested the product and found 950 billion CFUs per cup! Maybe that’s more along the line of homemade fermented food? I have never consumed that much in a day, but my health still leaves a lot to be desired despite having made some major changes for the last 3 years so even though I don’t like the taste of kefir I’m going to try it.






Vanessa



The saurkraut has less than the dills, just 360,000. They’re not available in my area but they also have pickled tomatoes with 360,000,000. I think farmer’s markets that sell fermented pickles and other veg are probably potent too, but in my area they are so expensive that unfortunately that’s not a good option for me right now.






Shawn



I judged based on the much stronger “healing crisis” that occurred when I consumed the homemade sauerkraut. I mostly start my sauerkraut without a starter culture, so it may be weaker than the 10,000,000,000,000 CFUs that Dr. Mercola (who does use a starter culture) found in a 4-6 oz serving of his sauerkraut. I will say that in my experience it may be necessary to look for natural therapies for some health problems. I have been consuming 4 ounces of homemade sauerkraut (in addition to homemade yogurt which again is much stronger than store bought live cultures) almost daily for more than three years and it has not cured an annoying health problem that I have. I also have noticed that warmer temperatures do, as expected, result in a much stronger brew.
I don’t have any idea about fermented pickles. I have good reason to believe that the theraputic effect of any fermented food is greatly enhanced by its being chopped up into very small pieces (larger surface area). If you like pickles, try to shred the cumcumber instead of puting it in whole or in large slices. 
I did try homemade kefir and I believe that it is the best choice for someone looking to quickly get rid of their health problems. I don’t know that I found it to be very agreeable to my taste, but it did have beneficial health effects.






Patricia Reynolds



I put kefir in my smoothies, soups, sauces and scrambled eggs, just about anything and it tastes great!  Now besides making kefir I put the excess grains in coconut water and I am making coconut kefir which is great!














M Cat



Dear David Perlmutter my sister has had a bad case of diarrhea she has been to the doctor (the doctor diagnosed it as travelers diarrhea or dysentery) and was prescribed probiotics which she purchased from the doctor. A stool sample  was taken and only preliminary test have come back. She put my sister at ease with her findings, but since the diarrhea was ongoing for 10 days she gave her a antibiotic (Cipro). This was only because my sister said she has to try something, anything, she has to work. Before the diarrhea she was already almost entirely gluten free and also low carb. She would like a recommendation for her diet because she doesn’t want to eat anything detrimental. Please Help my sister Marlena !!! Much love and positive energy to you and yours, Cat






jeff



cat,  you can read The PH Miracle by Dr. RObert Young, you can call his office up and ask them who is certified to do a live cell demo. in your area or close to your area to see what is in her body that shouldn’t be (toxins,excess yeast,fungus,parasites,heavy metals) if any, and what to eat and stay away from and what supplements to take. BEST of LUCK   jw






M Cat



Thank you Jeff I am all about alkalinity and since have found out  parasites cannot live in an alkaline environment. Since I posted the water we were using when my mother was   in the hospital (for broken ankle) in Corpus Christi Tx is now having to be boiled for E. coli.This was immediately befor she got it.  In her hometown San Antonio Tx there was a cyclospora outbreak also. All test results were negative even on stool sample. 2 were sent in for different test. I am very upset now they have put her on antibiotics and I am almost certain that may just worsen her condition.  Thank you for the information ! I will definitely check into it. PS She  had also eaten 2 boxes of strawberries in a short period of time they were not organic ! I know they are on EWG dirty dozen list #5 I believe. Thanks again Jeff Love, Cat






Hana Dolgin



Speaking of alkalinity, are you familiar with Kangen water? This is water made by a small medical device from Japan now available worldwide. It filters the tap water and then splits it into alkaline and acid water. The alkaline water is also antioxidant and is absorbed better than regular water, so it is more hydrating, cleansing and detoxifying. It brings more oxygen and nutrients to the cells and removes more toxins and waste. Many people experience significant health improvements from drinking it. Please visit http://www.drinkfreshKangen.com and I would be glad to answer your questions.






Catalin



Great idea, but who has $2500 for a machine.  Plus, this is ionized not natural processed Alkaline, much controversy  in this.






Hana Dolgin



Our least expensive model is $1480 which is about a thousand dollars less than $2500. Our stronger models, starting from $2380 make a disinfectant water that can kill e.coli, salmonella and most bacteria, viruses and fungus. There is another water it makes that can dissolve and remove oil-based pesticides. These machines do so much for people’s health, they are definitely worth looking into. If you want to understand the difference between water that is alkalized through adding minerals (what you may call natural) and water that is alkalized by electrolysis (like Kangen water), please watch Dr. Michael Donaldson explain this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-mUB2yiPzQ






Hana Dolgin



Kangen water is not just alkaline, it is anti-oxidant, and also has a higher absorption rate so it is more hydrating, cleansing and detoxifying.
http://www.drinkfreshKangen.com has more information, and if you would like to see scientific studies on this type of water, I would be glad to email them to you, if you give me an email address.






Hana Dolgin



We do offer financing for all of our machines, and they have a 30 day return period, so you can try them at home up to a month, and see for yourself. Our machines have warranties from the manufacturer, and we have service centers all around the world! Our machines last 15-20 years with minimal maintenance. When you really understand the health benefits, it is a small price to pay for what you get. See also http://www.WatersofHealth.com for the daily uses of all of the waters produced that can save you so much money, improve your health and create a more healthy and eco-friendly home.






Catalin



I already have a machine and a friend who sells it. And it was given to me.  I would never ever ever spend that for a machine.






Nona



I Think the machine and cost is ridiculous.
Just doesn’t make any sense!!!






Nona



You don’t need this machine. It was rec to me by Dr. Paul Cheney years ago. I instead get Arctic Springs water
with a high PH and it is wonderful. I am on Gluten free Diet. Do have Protien drink with avocados , spinach, blueberries and coconut water . for my mid day meal.
Drink 2 liters of this water a day. Almost no sugar and
do have 1 Piece of Gluten free toast in the am with eggs /scrambled with spinach. You really don’t miss the other grains. I do chicken in a crockpot with olive oil then in salads.
Would like suggestions on more Probiotics. I take VSL#3,
Pro-5 , and two by Schiff. I am Lactose intolerant.
I agree with you on the controversy with the machine.
Some people that had them in Calif actually developed a bacterial infection as they said the filters were leaking.
The high PH has worked great for me. I am reading
Brain Maker now. Great read.
Dr. Perlmutter, do you still have a practice in Naples??






Hana Dolgin



I would be happy to explain anything  you found on the internet. We have plenty of science about our water.






Hana Dolgin



We have units starting from $1480 and they can be financed.






Patricia Reynolds



As I said above, I use an alkalizing stick from healthy habits which l place in a two quart container of water for five minutes.  I use this primarily in my juices, we have found it is better to use alkaline water sparely as you can over do it.








Hana Dolgin



I wanted to let you know that most Kangen water machines make a disinfectant non-toxic water that can kill e.coli, salmonella and other bacteria, viruses and fungi, so it can be applied to fruits and vegetables to prevent food poisoning. There is another water that can dissolve oil-based pesticides which are toxic. Many people are ingesting them, since they don’t come off with regular water. This is in addition to the healthiest alkaline, antioxidant and super-hydrating drinking water and a skin care water called “beauty water”. I would be glad to answer any questions you may have, if you would like more information. http://www.drinkfreshKangen.com






Patricia Reynolds



I have an alkalizing stick from healthy habits, which I place in a two quart container for five minutes.  This I use in my vitamix whole juices and add my homemade kefir and coconut kefir.  Tastes wonderful,  wish I could get my husband to drink it!






Kate



wondering if you have stock in this company, you continue to post this






ZolliStar



There are matters that I think are really important and I post frequently about them.  This is not a signal of any kind or proprietary interest: only a keen “get-the-word-out” interest.
I’m glad Hana keeps posting about Kangen water.






ZolliStar



I notice in subsequent posts that Hana works for the company. That’s okay by me, so long as she let’s us know this — and she did.














Anita Smith



Are dates allowable on the grain brain diet. I can find no mention of them at all and I love them as a natural sweetener in my breakfast muesli






Elsie



Muesli? Grains! have you read the book? A couple of dates ok but highly glycemic. 








BJ



Dr. Perlmutter,  I am struggling right now with my diet. I have adhesions from numerous surgeries(long sad story) that have caused two bowel obstructions. How can I get most beneficial fiber on low fiber diet??  I have always eaten the most healthy way as you suggest, but now I am having to be careful to avoid anymore obstructions. Help!! I really miss eating  healthy!






Maya Lebow



Try going to the institute for functional medicine website and find a functional medicine practitioner to help you. The ideal clinic has a doctor and nutritionists on site. Hope you feel better






David Perlmutter



Here’s the tool for that BJ: https://www.functionalmedicine.org/practitioner_search.aspx?id=117








Vanessa



Hi Dr. Perlmutter and BJ, I am wondering if you also have trouble absorbing/digesting fat and protein because of your intestine surgery? I have had a great deal of intestine removed (and also have adhesions), and have trouble with those things plus fiber. So I am having quite a hard time trying to eat a paleo/GAPS/ketogenic diet, even though that is probably best for my major depressive disorder and other autoimmune disorders. Trouble, like 20 liquid stools/day, which is better than an obstruction, but is painful and I’m eating all this good food +supplements, but not absorbing it 🙁






CharlaS



Custom Probiotics can usually turn this around.  http://www.customprobiotics.com/custom-probiotics-11-strain.htm








Hana Dolgin



One thing that could help is proper hydration with Kangen water. Many people find that it helps them eliminate properly without strain. Even if you eat a healthy diet, without adequate hydration, you are likely to be somewhat constipated. See http://www.drinkfreshkangen.com for more information. I would be glad to explain more to you about this amazing medical device from Japan that is now available worldwide. It hooks up to your faucet and electric outlet and after filtering the water, it splits it into alkaline and acid pH levels. The water has a higher absorption and is antioxidant so it reduces inflammation in the body. Feel free to contact me through the website.






Jay



My wife had can 2 bowel resections, adhesion problems, cancer treatment/radiation to the intestinal area.  She has made significant improvement following the FODMAPs diet over the course of a year.  Slow, but steady progress.  The major carbs and “staples”  she eats are  jasmine rice, some  russet potatoes, strawberries several times a day, zucchini and yellow squash, spinach, eggs, rice chex cereal, almond butter, fish/chicken/turkey, swiss/sharp cheese, heavy cream, potatoe crackers, pure maple syrupcandy for a treat  No artificial sugars, corn starches, sucrose, pasta, breads…. only soda with natural sugar.






Hana Dolgin



Soda is extremely acidic, even if it has natural sugar! As a matter of fact, even sparkling mineral waters like Perrier and Pellegrino are extremely acidic and can cause serious health problems! See tests demonstrating what I said here at http://www.kangendemo.com. Cancer cells have been shown to thrive in acidic pH – low oxygen environments. When something has an acidic pH, it is lower in oxygen than what has an alkaline pH, so by ingesting acidic pH food and drink, one is making their body more prone to cancer and other diseases.
Check out Kangen water which you can make in the comfort of your home. http://www.drinkfreshKangen.com










T



 I follow this diet exactly. I feel great but my LDL cholesterol is significantly higher than before I started the diet…  This makes me question this entire book because I did my own personal case study for about a year…  Be careful!






M Lebow, PhD



We should all be careful in the sense that we need to do personal diagnostic tests before taking supplements and following diets. Everything is bad in excess and each of us has no idea what is our personal excess or what is causing our personal depletions. While i may think i need magnesium for migraines, if i really have enough then excess can cause heart problems. What is excess is also tricky the more direct blood tests like checking Mg are not the most accurate. You need to check Mg in red blood cells for a accurate measure. Good luck but dont give up just because this diet didn’t work for you. You are special! I recommend Dr. Hyman’s website for more answers. He also gives lists of tests that a doctor should check. I think for cholesterol. Particles size matters. If your particles of cholesterol are small than the numbers do not matter.






David Perlmutter



An important point: know your body!






Tina T, D.C.



I’m confused about the LDL levels.  In Grain Brain, you talk about people with the highest levels of LDL having a reduced risk of neurodegenerative diseases.  So, does that mean the diet is actually working for “T” above?






HoneyJ



I have went to Quest Labs 3 times and had blood drawn to have my particle size tested..they either receive the blood to late or don’t have record of it being sent to Lipo Science. I am frustrated and don’t know where to go and have this done. I really need to have this done as my LDL is rising. Any suggestions would be appreciated.












Kathy



For the last 2 years my blood sugar levels were high. After doing the Grain Brain Diet for 4 weeks my glucose level dropped 20 points and is now in  the normal
range. I lost 8 lbs and about the same in inches. I decreased 1 size already and have no bloating in my stomach. And finally, I am sleeping through the night.
Question – The ketone strips are always in the negative or pink range. Does that mean I need to continue to lower my carbs?






Chuck Harding



What would help excessive gas in one’s system?






Marc Chatow



I try to drink Kefir or have nonfat plain yogurt daily! You gut needs it! So many health benefits!






Hina



Do pickes made Japanese style in koji (fremented rice bran) meet the fermented food guide lines.






cw0283



Does the chicory have to be raw?  What about chicory in coffee, New Orleans style?






Elizabeth Catenacci



LizCat………What affect does a coffee enema have on the microbiome ?






Maxine



Has this been answered?






Sébastien Chagnon-Jean



It’s explained in the book.








Andrea Vaughn



Hello there! I have listened to Brain Maker 3 times now and am learning so very much! However while I listen on Audible.com want to be able to access a hard copy for recipes, etc.,  somehow and seems Kindle is not an option. So, is there a way to actually do this? To get me hands on a hard copy? Many thanks!






disqus_pJWDSemBVz



I want to gain 10LBS I now weighs 121.4 LBS
Norbert.






Uncas



I am a little confused about prebiotic volume requirements.  You say we should get a minimum of 12g of soluble fiber per day.  I think I heard you indicate that a primal person might get up to 150g per day.  Frankly I cannot manage to do it with raw and cooked vegetables and without fruit and lentils.  It seems to me it would be almost impossible using the foods you suggest in Brain Maker.   One cup of raw onion has less than 3g and that is one of the highest concentrations of soluble fiber I can find.  How much soluble fiber is in a cup of dandelion greens?  I’m just having trouble reaching 12g per day with cooked and raw vegetables.






Bearhair



Acacia gum, perhaps?








zzzzzzzzzz



you say for the prebiotic foods most are raw, how are u suppose to eat them raw, doesnt really explain, can you cook them and have nearly the same prebiotic effects






Bearhair



Dr. Perlmutter explains above in the post how he includes them in his diet: in salads, fermented in kimchi, etc.








Robin Malik



Hi Dr Perlmutter,
I have been diagnosed with about 20 food allergies. I have also had a elevated IgE and EOS count. With the food elimination for several months now, I still have this elevation. I am also very reactive to dampness — I break out in hives. Do you believe the IGE and EOS related to the allergies or is there something else causing these elevations?
Thank you
Robin






Suzanne Kinney



When yogurt is used in recipes does it retain the active cultures or does the heat of cooking kill them?






Trudi Trahan-upchan



I don’t see okra on any list – but I lost my memory for 22 years – raw okra restored my brain’s ability to retain information and relearn how to write and the meaning of words.  It does not cure my Parkinsonism disease but does help to control and reverse the crippling paralysis that Canola oil caused.






Cidy Farrell



Marvelous to hear that!!!!  God bless!!








Annie



Why no miso on the list?






Stephen Smith



My wife has a real problem with xanthum gum.  it causes her to have an upset stomach, gas and acidic diahrea for several days.  This also seems to occur with guar gum.  She is afraid to try other gums. Is there a reason for this reaction?  Is there any way to  prevent it.  She is already gluten free and has been for about a year.






Velia Asimus



What can I coat chicken with to make chicken Marcella






Wendy



what if you suffer with migraines and can’t eat fermented foods?






Jenny Lin



Hi Dr Perlmutter,
Many of the foods you listed were raw. Do the prebiotic benefits disappear if I consume them cooked?
Thanks!






Rick



Did you drop your endorsement of Protandim?Rick






David Perlmutter



I no longer have a relationship with Protandim.








HealthyEater



Hi Dr. Perlmutter. Thank you for your helpful books. We switched to carb-free eating 2 1/2 months ago. We aim for 90/10, meaning that we try to keep carb consumption to 10 percent or less of our weekly diet. We have rid our home of bread, grains, legumes, pasta, fruit, and so on. I have Joint Hypermobility Syndrome which causes, among other issues, Irritable Bowel. I have always been able to control my IBS with diet. However, since beginning no carbs, I struggle each day, after the first meal, with painful cramps and diarrhea. I used to have oatmeal made with milk or a bagel for breakfast. I thought my gut would adjust after a few carb-free weeks but it hasn’t. I would love to know what is setting off my IBS and how to get back to normal. I have had a little success with having just a little plain Greek yogurt. I’m seriously considering having gluten free toast to get back to pain-free mornings. Thank you for any input you may have!






Carrie



I don’t know what you are eating, but there are certain foods that can aggravate a compromised gut even after excluding the major offenders. Look up FODMAPs diet. It can pinpoint other foods to look for as potential offenders.  Personally, I can only tolerate a few nuts and never on an empty stomach.  Coconut in excess also gives me cramps.  Some people are intolerant to eggs too.  Good luck!






HealthyEater



Very thoughtful of you to offer the info, although the issue is the effect withdrawal of carbs appears to be having. No FODMAPs or lactose in use, but again, thank you.






Lone wolf



Let food be our medicine!  Avoid any supplement and also special diet which often is not well fit for certain people.  Changing our diet too rapidly cause often problem, because the body cannot adopt it fast enough.  Changing our diet must be done very slowly.  Every one’s body functions differently, so we cannot do a special diet which works for someone else.  We must find ourselves what kind of food suits our body by trying slowly. No one can understand our body better than ourselves, so we must find out what kind of food is good for us by our selves.  Pay attention to our body and be patient.  A quick cure will not last for a long time.  There is no perfect health;  we are either heading for illness or health.  To be healthy, we must walk toward health every day until the last day.  We must not forget, “food is medicine”.  Even very healthy food can cause health problems when we overeat.






Hana Dolgin



I would like to add that hydration with the right water is imperative for health! Our body is about 70% water, so it only makes sense! I recommend looking into Kangen water, it is alkaline, antioxidant and higher absorption water that is made by a device that you connect to your faucet and outlet. It filters the water and then using electrolysis, splits it into different pH levels with different properties. Please visit http://www.drinkfreshKangen.com.






CharlaS



Some of the best electrolytes I have found is Concentrace Trace Minersls liquid.  I’ve used it for years.  It is an incredible electrolyte replacer.  Also restores mineral balance in the body if used regularly. http://www.traceminerals.com/products/liquid-tablet-minerals/concentrace-ionic-minerals






Cathryn Potvin



I have heard a lot of people say Kangen water isn’t a healthy way to go, it’s abnormally high in pH.  People can have a proper pH with diet/minerals, etc.






Hana Dolgin



That is incorrect, Kangen water will not disrupt your body’s pH balance. Watch Dr. Michael Donaldson explain the difference between water made alkaline through the addition of minerals and Kangen water: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-mUB2yiPzQ
I can tell you that I have been drinking Kangen water for over 7 years and have had nothing but benefits from it! You would think that if what you are saying is correct, the negative effects would have shown up by now.
Also, these devices have been approved for medical use in Japan for over 40 years and are used in hospitals there. They would have found out there is a problem, don’t you think? Watch this video from Japanese TV about Kangen water; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxPcQMmy5Mo&t=4s
For more information, check out my website http://www.drinkfreshKangen.com






HealthyEater



You know what? You are right. After more than three months of a disturbed digestive system, today I bought gluten-free bread for morning toasting and -, hopefully, finally – a tool for adjusting to eating carb-free for the rest of the day. Thank you for the down-to-earth advice.






Karen Parrish



Can u give a list like u did in the other one what is gluten free and good for u and the brain like a shpping list”












CarolAnnD



I had it, too, and I found that staying away from things like dairy products and a real good dose of daily Vitamin D3 helped to the degree that I don’t get it anymore at all, thank God!  I started off with about 5,000 I.U. of D3, and slowly worked my way up to 12,000 I.U.  I recommend it highly!  Much success to you.  You definitely have my sympathies.  I suffered with it for years!  So happy not to anymore!






CarolAnnD



Oops, I forgot that my doctor told me a long time ago to stay away from citrus fruits and spinach as well, although you’re probably off of the citrus.  We also cut out sugar, grains, sweeteners, and we both had itchy backs, I with a big patch of eczema, and even that went away, too.






Happy Camper



The mos effective way to cure IBS is to drink Aloe Vera Juice–just buy the Fruit of the Earth Aloe Vera juice at Walmart.






CharlaS



Restoring friendly gut bacteria is ESSENTIAL to repairing and reversing IBS, which always involves leaky gut and allergies resulting from that.  Custom Probiotics has some of the strongest probiotics on the market.  It is virtually IMPOSSIBLE to repair IBS and continue eating CORN. Corn is very damaging to the intestines.  http://www.customprobiotics.com/custom-probiotics-11-strain.htm








Sam



a mistake, inho, to rid of legumes, check nutritionfacts.org






CharlaS



Need to ferment legumes as the phytic acid sequesters minerals making them unavailable.  This leads to tooth decay and weakened bones.






Sam



Oh, please. True, but read its effects on cancer
            R.
 Greiner, U. Konietzny, K. D. Jany. Phytate – an undesirable constituent
 of plant-based foods? Journal fur Ernahrungsmedizin 2006 8(3):18 – 28.
            I. Vucenik, A. M. Shamsuddin. Protection against cancer by dietary IP6 and inositol. Nutr Cancer 2006 55(2):109 – 125.
            R.
 P. Singh, R. Agarwal. Prostate cancer and inositol hexaphosphate:
Efficacy and mechanisms. Anticancer Res. 2005 25(4):2891 – 2903.
            G.
 L. Deliliers, F. Servida, N. S. Fracchiolla, C. Ricci, C. Borsotti, G.
Colombo, D. Soligo. Effect of inositol hexaphosphate (IP6) on human
normal and leukaemic haematopoietic cells. British journal of
haematology 2002 117(3):577 – 587.
            E. Graf, J. W. Eaton. Dietary suppression of colonic cancer fiber or phytate? Cancer 1985 56(4):717 – 718.
            O.
 Manousos, N. E. Day, D. Trichopoulos, F. Gerovassilis, A. Tzonou, A.
Polychronopoulou. Diet and colorectal cancer: A case-control study in
Greece. International Journal of Cancer 1983 32(1):1 – 5.
            I.
 Vucenik, A. Passaniti, M. I. Vitolo, K. Tantivejkul, P. Eggleton, A. M.
 Shamsuddin. Anti-angiogenic activity of inositol hexaphosphate (IP6).
Carcinogenesis 2004 25(11):2115 – 2123.
            A.
 K. M. Shamsuddin, I. Vucenik. IP6 & inositol in cancer prevention
and therapy. Current Cancer Therapy Reviews 2005 1(3):259 – 269.






CharlaS



Thanks for references on IP6 and cancer, especially item G.  I checked and it is a specific for Chronic Myeloid Leukemia that I deal with.  Oh, and after cooking my beans, I let a slight white bacterial film form on top to begin fermenting them and then re-heat to stop fermentation.  The fermentation is hastened with a strip of kombu-kelp seaweed cooked with the legumes.






Sam



just add yogurt to your beans. When you let it sit, you allow mold to grow as well. Some say, it’s beneficial, but I’m on a cautious side. Probiotics is one thing, yeast/mold is another (even if it’s probiotic yeast). 
Check a site by Dr Weil on yeast. There were cases when it can/does get into human blood stream.
yes, seaweeds are good.






CharlaS



Thank you.






Sam



nutritionfacts.org
lef.org












Lifematters



Healthy eater… I am curious, how did this 90/10 go for you?  How do you FEEL?  How is your blood work?








Marsha Saunders



I am looking to make summer sausage for my daughter who has Multiple Sclerosis.  She has done very well so far on her Brain Maker Diet.   Any recipes for summer sausage.






David Perlmutter



Try this sausage recipe: http://www.drperlmutter.com/recipe/brain-boosting-bison-breakfast-sausage-recipe/








Marsha Saunders



Also wondering if you are seeing patients anywhere.  I would love to get my daughter to see you for your input






David Perlmutter



I am not at this time, but try this resource from the IFM: https://www.functionalmedicine.org/practitioner_search.aspx?id=117








Kathy



I have read and studied both “Grain Brain” as well as “Brain Maker”.  My husband and I have followed the diet and supplements recommended in ‘Grain Brain’ for several months now.  Do you recommend continuing with them and adding more probiotics, as suggested in ‘Brian Maker’, or some other plan?  Thank you for your response.






David Perlmutter



Specific to yourself Kathy, I cannot advise a plan. However, I do think it is great to use the supplements I suggest in Grain Brain, and accompany those with more fermented food options.








Mike Chisman



David.., With the all too many choices of olive oils, what are some brands you’ve found that are really 100% olive oil.  (I’m taking advantage of  your research here)  Thank you for all your information…It truly is a life saver for so many.  I mention you and your books/website at least once a week.






Susan Fuller



Does the auto immune Paleo recipe book, help out more on the gut for healing, because I still must have a trigger that’s causing nausea?i just got Brain Maker, I have lost a lot of weight, how can I gain weight? Where do I get raw kefir and coconut yogurt from! Is Whole Foods the only place? I’m on a probiotic, nausea comes and goes, don’t have a big appetite! Need some advice? Susan






Susan Fuller



How do I contact Dr. Perlmutter’s office to make an appointment with him? I have been doing the Paleo diet, I have a hard time with this medicine T4 T3 scalp always dry/itchy, hair loss, use olive oil on my scalp! I can’t take adrenal medicine makes me dizzy! Ashwagandha makes me sleepy and dizzy guess I’m pretty sensitive to medicine, if I could cure my gut maybe I would be more tolerant! Does anyone out there see a Functional doctor who really knows about Hashimoto’s? Help! Susan Fuller






David Perlmutter



Unfortunately, I am currently on sabbatical. But perhaps this resource from the IFM can be of help. https://www.functionalmedicine.org/practitioner_search.aspx?id=117






KarenRG



Drdanharper.com in the San Diego area may be able to help.  He is very, very bright.








Eileen Loughney



Why is it so difficult to find fermented pickles in the market place. Where do I look? Every brand of pickle not he shelf is made with vinegar. Ideas?






Vanessa



I discovered Bubbies brand pickles, they make saurkraut as well, they are fermented using brine and full of probiotics. Whole Foods carries them, as well as a health food chain in the DC area (YES Market just in case you’re in the area). The pickles are delicious. If there is a farmer’s market in your area, there might be a vendor of fermented pickles there too. In my area the farmre’s market isn’t year round, so I’m glad Bubbies exists.






Jane



I discovered Krakus brand “Cucumbers in Brine” on the international aisle at Wegmans.  They’re from Poland.  The only ingredients are cucumbers, salt and water.








Sedary



Just a heads up:  All of the above mentioned foods which are fermented are very high in histamine (especially the fermented fish) which can tip one over into Histamine Intolerance and even an anaphylactic reaction. Histamine overload can cause even worse inflammation along with very scary symptoms, including dizziness, migraines, and even a great risk of stroke. (This is a very short list.  There are more.)   I think perhaps following an anti-histamine diet would be far better overall. I truly think it would be better to eat the fresh foods listed and be selective to focus on other nutrient dense fresh foods.  Also, anything labeled “yogurt” by law has to contain two probiotic strains which were first used to ferment milk at the Pasteur Institute during the 19th century.  Both of those strains really don’t flourish until the mixture is well above body temperature and into the 106 to 125 degrees F range. How those can help in the human gut is a puzzle.  Some companies now add other strains which are indeed helpful. There are some known and isolated probiotics strains now which do reside in the gut of healthy humans such as L. infantis, L. rhamnosus, L. gasseri and B. longum, etc. which have anti-histamine properties (B. bifidus causes a histamine response!) but, of course, anything with only those cannot legally be labeled yogurt.  Such product would still cause a histamine reaction if one is sensitive to such.






Bearhair



For those interested, the two original  strains to which the original poster coyly referred are Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus. 








Susana



Hi Dr. Permutter,
How are you?
Do you have any recipes in how to make fermented Jalapeño peppers, the fermeneteed guacamole and spicy salsa?
Oh, and is Miso ssafe to consume?
Thanks
Susana






Carla



Has anyone made the ferments in the book?  I was just wondering if there is anything else to use beside water in a plastic bag to anchor the ferments down because I feel odd about putting plastic into a fermentation jar.  Thank you!






KarenRG



If you make saurkraut, use some cabbage leaves in the top to force the mixture under the liquid.






Elizabeth Lavet



youtube has many videos about fermenting vegetables.  There are now more sites that sell ferment jars and weights.  Try Amazon for a variety.






Evalynne Engle



I use FIDO JARS.  Look up Fido Fermentation on the Web — lots of information.  It’s SO easy, & I’ve only had mold on one occasion in 3 or 4 years.








Kayla Lindsay



I am looking for something with a lot of protein because my muscle is developing and I want to be sure I choose the right thing. however I have a sensitive gagging reflex and textile sensitivity. what do I do or what do you suggest?






Ptolemy



Just finished reading Brain Maker and I have to say a very big thank you for writing such an up-to-date, relevant and accessible book. 
I have early stage Parkinson’s and I’ve been prescribed Azilect (Rasagiliene) and have been taking a low dose antibiotic for 10-years for an unrelated condition (well, maybe not ‘unrelated’ after reading your book!)
I’ve been reading that people taking Azilect should avoid eating fermented or pickled foods because these foods are tyramine-rich. But a
significant proportion my diet consists of these foods (and, of course, they’re recommended in your book)
Is the Azilect – fermented food ‘clash’ a ‘real’ issue? If so, should I avoid such foods or try to be prescribed a different drug. (My goal, after reading your book is to ditch the medication completely, but that is a longer discussion I need to have with my specialist.)
Thank you for your dedication and time.






CherylMac



I would encourage anyone who is consuming plenty of natural probiotic foods and still having trouble (or getting worse) with brain fog, depression, skin rashes or flushing, tooth sensitivity, weight gain, inflammation, lethargy, burning eyes, swollen extremities, etc. to consider how many probiotic strains there are and that each strain has a specific job it does as well as reaction it causes in your body.  Eliminating all grain from my diet caused me to do a 180-degree turn, health-wise.  Over the years, however, I was encouraged to consume more and more natural sources of probiotics and even did some in-depth study and began to ferment my own foods including sauerkraut, pickled veggies, kombucha, etc. Here I thought I was doing something good for my health and my gut, but, as soon as I added in homemade sauerkraut and kombucha, over the course of 3 months, my health plummeted.  Until I had gained 20 lbs, became so depressed I was barely functioning, I was lethargic most of the time, my hands and feet were swollen, going to bed with burning eyes, waking up with swollen eyes filled with eye boogers, I had horribly inflamed cystic acne all over my back, shoulders and chest, and even my teeth became extremely sensitive to cold and heat.  I then came across some information I read about Histamine Intolerance.  This revealed that most natural and homemade probiotic foods contain an enormous amount of histamine-producing strains of bacteria.  Some of these histamine-producing strains are even found in packaged probiotic capsules.  I immediately discontinued all probiotic sources and for a few days ate only foods on the “low histamine” list… and every single symptom greatly improved.  I lost 5 lbs immediately, was less hungry, acne started clearing up, inflammation disappeared, and for those couple days I had so much energy I couldn’t even contain myself and went on cleaning sprees throughout the house (everything I had been putting off due to depression for months).  I would also urge Dr. Perlmutter to please look into the various strains of bacteria and the effects that each has on health (or disease).  Had I continued with sauerkraut, pickled foods and kombucha, who knows how ill I would be right now.






Lisa



I would be interested to hear/learn more about this and what dr. P thinks.






Kate



I have been fermenting my own foods as well and discovered that you can significantly reduce histamines in fermented foods by fermenting anaerobically as opposed to aerobic fermenting and by fermenting longer. In other words, use an airlock system and let the fermentation process go full cycle.  Histamine levels are directly related to the age of the ferment. Most people only ferment for 4 to 10 days. Thus also prevents contamination by any of the undesirable air born molds. Since I switched to anaerobic method and extended my fermentation period (21 to 28 days, depending on the foods used) I have no mold issues or histamine reactions. I’m also using airlock systems for my kefirs, to avoid mold contamination in warmer months, but do not extend the fermentation time. Plenty of info on the web about this.






BlondeJustice1



How do you ferment anaerobically?  What do you need?  Where can I get the “airlock system” you mentioned in your post?










H



Do cooked versions of the prebiotic foods you’ve listed above contain benefits, too, or only when raw? 






Arya Jemal



Is being vegan with this diet possible?






David Perlmutter



Absolutely, just keep this in mind: http://www.drperlmutter.com/learn/faq/why-do-you-advise-against-a-vegan-diet/








azure blue



thank you for this great and helpful information. The fact that you post this is proof you take being a healer seriously and sincerely , not just for profit.






Jane



Dr. Perlmutter, I would love to try acacia fiber but watched Frontline’s documentary on diet supplements last night and am wondering how to find a brand that is what it purports to be.  Can you recommend a brand of acacia fiber?  Thank you!






Ziad



Dear Jane, we are in the business of sourcing and selling Gum Arabic. You can ask us anything: ziad.alnajdi@gga.sa.com








Lucy



Pickles are listed on Dr. Perlmutter’s Brain Maker food list, but make sure vinegar is NOT one of the ingredients in store-bought pickles. For the probiotic benefit, as I understand it, they have to be cured in salt brine (water & salt) and do not contain vinegar.  Bubbie’s kosher dill pickles are the only store pickles I’ve found that are prepared this way. If anyone has found another brand, please post. Thanks.






Lucy



Just to add, Dr. Perlmutter does mention the no-vinegar rule under Pickled Fruits & Vegetables.








Jane Churchill



Diagnosed with RRMS (clinically in ’95, suspected in ’90). With a MSc in Vet Physiology (Reproductive Neurendocrinology), still managed to raise a daughter (just a preschooler @ diagnosis), go to law school, article (I’m a Canuck), and practice for almost 15 years. I’ll be 54 in April, and still mostly mobile. Now it’s the osteo-arthritis that’s getting to me. 






Regis Moreau



can a clove of garlic be eaten whole without being chewed? much easier to swallow this way






Vishwas Patil



Is our body capable of extracting the needed minerals, chemicals, vitamins and proteins from whatever edibles available and excess supply rejected? Historically, highest mental and physical capabilities are not necessarily associated with rich diet! Actually one finds decadence amongst rich and powerful over the generations who are more conscience of diet. Brain and body power probably depend on mind and not only on diet. Is it true?






Hungry Gopher



Thanks for sharing the wonderful article, Dr. Perlmutter. I enjoy your insight. As a person who have made kimchi over many years, kimchi doesn’t have to be spicy. There are authentic kimchi recipes that don’t even utilized Korean chili pepper. And they are delicious. I have several simple/authentic kimchi recipes videos. My 12000 subscribers rave about their first kimchi making experience, so it might be a good place to start if you want to start your probiotic journey =)






Jackie Murray



Please someone advise:  Are the recommended supplements in “Grain Brain” on page 227 the current ones?  I need to purchase SOON.  Thank you.




Pingback: Improve Your Digestive Health With Probiotics - Daily Wait()





Diana Hanson



Are things like Asparagus or leeks still prebiotic if they’re cooked, or does that destroy the benefits?




Pingback: nutrition4studentsblog()



Pingback: Brain Maker Foods – nutrition4studentsblog()





Donna Lynn



How do you stay on this diet and avoid losing weight?






GShantz



SO much to learn and remember!




Pingback: the farmer's market list - WoolyMossRoots()





Anita Saewitz



Confused about Kefir- Under gluten free section you say limit intake of Kefir but in Brain Maker section you suggest having Kefir- I am a bit confused.






Anna Noah



Almost all the recipes for fermented foods in Brain Maker contain very large quantities of salt.  What is your recommendation regarding these foods for someone trying to control blood pressure?  Typically a low salt diet is recommended.  Thank you.






RawManRaines



What studies are you aware of that show garlic is good for you much less the brain? I have huge challenges with mental focus – and have seen a few things that said directly that garlic usually desynchronizes your brain waves. see http://www.healingcancernaturally.com/garlic-brain-toxin.html I would appreciate your feedback on this.






Wendy



Will you get benefits from dandelions cooked in a small amount of coconut oil? Please advise. Thank you. 






AMAURI- MJ



green bananas would be a good probiotic?






ZolliStar



Apparent, good PREbiotics.  There’s a difference.






Pingback: Nice Probiotic Meals Resources | Probiotic more Health()



Pingback: Satisfactory Probiotic In Meals – Fredi More Probiotic()



Pingback: Healing the Gut – paleobakequeen()





Elizabeth Barber



Is the harmful arachidonic acid in eggs reduced or eliminated if they are fermented?  Thanks, Dr. EK Barber






Lifematters



As the sister of an early onset Alzheimer’s sufferer it troubles me deeply to see the advise on this website steering people AWAY from some of the most nutritious foods on the planet and toward high fat and animal products!!! Deeply disturbing…. http://www.pcrm.org/health/mednews/meat-increases-alzheimers-risk




Pingback: 12 Colon Cleansing Foods: From ridding to recovery()





JimandLiz Reese



What can your eating plan/lifestyle changes do for tinnitus?  Also, I find high doses of Vit d3 makes my tinnitus worse 🙁  I take pure encapsulations Vit D3.  Thank you for your answer.




Pingback: Health Benefits of Chicory Root | David Perlmutter M.D.()





Allison



How do you feel about traditional homemade sourdough? Research shows that the fermentation process of sourdough of letting ferment for 24 hours reduces the phytic acid content down until it is less then 7 ppm which is gluten free. I have been making for my daughter who has a gluten intolerance and she doesn’t react at all to it. Would it be good for gut health too?




Pingback: Learn About FODMAPs Nutritional and Prebiotic Benefits()



Pingback: 5 TIPS FOR MILLENNIALS WHO WANT TO ENJOY BEST HEALTH – THE ANTIOXIDANT CLUB()





Alex



Dr. Perlmutter formulated a meal replacement shake that I bought a year or two ago. Does anyone know if it was discontinued, the brand was changed or where I can get it now? It was a great product (if a little pricey at $70-$80 a tub).




Pingback: Stay Sharp with These 7 “Supers” (Part 1 of 2) - Budibar()





Andre Jaworski



Hi David, I really struggle with pre-biotics (Onions garlic etc) as I seem to not tolerate FODMAPs very well. Do you have any recommendations to incorporate these types of foods without the digestive discomfort?
Many Thanks
Andre






Andre Jaworski



Hi, I am struggling to include prebiotic food as I seem to suffer from a fodmap intolerance.  Do you have any suggestions for working around this or to eliminate the intolerance?  Thanks






DanielaMorán



Can I use seeds as an ingredient in my salad? This, because I haven´t seen any recipe in “Brain Maker” or in this webpage that recommend or has sesame, flax, sunflower, caraway, poppy or little green pumkin seeds.






David Perlmutter



Absolutely! Seeds are a nutritious choice.








ThinkFirstThenVote2



I have one caution for women and the use of chicory root.  It can cause shedding of the uterine line to increase.  In fact it was used in the old days in high doses to abort an unwanted pregnancy.   I used to eat a breakfast cereal that contained chicory,  I developed endometriosis and had a hysterectomy.   Then I had a friend who started bleeding almost 3 weeks a month.   She offered me a fiber one bar which has chicory in it.  I read the labels though because I’m allergic to soy.   She said that they were giving her gas – I asked her how many she ate a day and how long she’d been eating them.  She’d been eating them for about 7 months — and her excessive bleeding had been going on for about 4.   I had a funny feeling and so I googled the effects of chicory.  And up came all these articles about miscarriages.  I showed them to her, she stopped eating the chicory bars (which are sold in cases at Costco).   But then here’s the real kicker.  Later that week, I went a Bible study and there was a young woman there– about 24 who asked us to pray about her having a baby – they’d been trying for 2 years.   I asked her if by chance she ate Fiber One bars — and she said that she did — every day.   I told her about the chicory articles — and the next time I saw her at a retreat 7 months later she was pregnant.  She said she got pregnant the very next month after stopping.   I’ve met two other women who were having excessive bleeding and they both ate those fiber one — or other fiber bars with chicory.   So, while it may be safe for men, women take note and if you start having ultra-heavy periods, or if you’re trying to have a baby – beware.  Save yourself from the heartache of a lost baby or feeling barren when you can simply drop the chicory bars.  What’s really sad is that pregnant women may be eating them for the extra fiber.






Milos pet



Is coffee fruit extract the same as green coffee bean extract?  Pill or liquid form? Anyone found a good product?






clare farrell



In Brainmaker on page 218 you list that on http://www.DrPerlmutter.com/Resources you have recommendations of specific brands of foods that follow your guidelines. I am unable to locate this on the website, please help!






Ida Halasz



Dr. Perlmutter, I’ve just been diagnosed with ALS, starting with my speech difficulties.  I’ve been eating mostly gluten free for several years, also lactose free since I’m sensitive to both. Can you suggest specific ways for me to deal with ALS with diet?  I am available for any research or more ways to test theories about ALS.  I live in Colorado and have Dr. Diana Quan for ALS, but would travel to see you in Naples if you thought it would be useful. Sincerely, Ida






David Perlmutter



This blog post may be of interest: http://www.drperlmutter.com/use-ketogenic-diet-treating-als/








Christie Ciccolone



Thank you, Dr. Perlmutter for all of your insights and helpful advice!  In Brain Maker, you mention that there is a list of recommended brands on your website under resources for probiotic foods.  I can’t find it – can you help?  Thank you!




Pingback: Stay Sharp with These 7 Supers (Part 1 of 2) - Budibar()





Anita Saewitz



I cannot digest raw vegetables can I gently steam them











Now On Air Dr. Perlmutter's latest TV special is now airing!Watch Now! 
Popular Posts
Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain

 




Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent Headlin...

 




Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.

 




Keep Yourself in Ketosis

 


[tweet]latest:davidperlmutter:1[/tweet]






					What they're saying
				


						Dr. Perlmutter is the leading integrative medicine neurologist in North America today. His ability to fully integrate conventional medicine diagnosis and treatment with the latest innovations in nutritional and environmental medicine is phenomenal. As a teacher and clinician, he has fundamentally changed how physicians and patients think about neurological degeneration and, happily, regeneration.						Joseph Pizzorno, ND
Editor-in-Chief, Integrative Medicine, A Clinician's Journal; Co-Author, Encyclopedia of Natural Medicine; Founding President, Bastyr University





 

Join my Email Community









		Copyright 2017 David Perlmutter, MD.
Community Policy - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy





































 Loading More







Grain Brain Resources for Healthier, Better Living






























































 

















Join my Email Community:







LearnResources





Resources


Probiotics: Five Core Species
Helpful and healthy smartphone apps that can help you succeed
Drugs can inhibit B-vitamins and raise homocysteine
USDA Food Almanac – A helpful guide that lists grams of carbs per serving and other nutritional information
How To Guide to Meditation – This is a very helpful guide for any beginner, but there are many other helpful resources online.
Grain Brain sample menu (1-week)
The Glycemic Index
Brain Maker Video Content
Glyphosate Test from The Great Plains Laboratory
Exercise Program from The Grain Brain Whole Life Plan



 



Now On Air Dr. Perlmutter's latest TV special is now airing!Watch Now! 
Popular Posts
Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain

 




Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent Headlin...

 




Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.

 




Keep Yourself in Ketosis

 


[tweet]latest:davidperlmutter:1[/tweet]






					What they're saying
				


						David Perlmutter is a meticulous, thoughtful explorer of new ways to bring healing to our nervous systems and our lives. Many of the people I refer to him are discovering practical ways to mitigate or reverse some of the most ominous prognoses.						James S. Gordon, MD
author, Unstuck: Your Guide to the Seven-Stage Journey Out of Depression, and Founder and Director, The Center for Mind-Body Medicine





 

Join my Email Community









		Copyright 2017 David Perlmutter, MD.
Community Policy - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy




































 Loading More







Books - David Perlmutter M.D.































































 

















Join my Email Community:







LearnBooks





 Books


Brain Maker – International Bestseller
Debilitating brain disorders are on the rise-from children diagnosed with autism and ADHD to adults developing dementia at younger ages than ever before. But a medical revolution is underway that can solve this problem: Astonishing new research is revealing that the health of your brain is, to an extraordinary degree, dictated by the state of your microbiome – the vast population of organisms that live in your body and outnumber your own cells ten to one. What’s taking place in your intestines today is determining your risk for any number of brain-related conditions.
In BRAIN MAKER, Dr. Perlmutter explains the potent interplay between intestinal microbes and the brain, describing how the microbiome develops from birth and evolves based on lifestyle choices, how it can become “sick,” and how nurturing gut health through a few easy strategies can alter your brain’s destiny for the better. With simple dietary recommendations and a highly practical program of six steps to improving gut ecology, BRAIN MAKER opens the door to unprecedented brain health potential.
Grain Brain Cookbook – International Bestseller
The Grain Brain Cookbook presents more than 150 delectable recipes to keep your brain vibrant and your body fit, all while dramatically reducing your risk for – and treating – Alzheimer’s, depression, ADHD, and epilepsy, as well as relieving everyday conditions like headaches, insomnia, and forgetfulness. With delicious recipes for every meal — including Spicy Chicken Burgers with Guacamole, Gruyere-Glazed Pork Chops and Cauliflower “Couscous,” and many more — The Grain Brain Cookbook gives you all the tools you need to build a gluten-free diet full of wholesome, flavorful, easy-to-make meals.
What you eat is the most important decision you make every day in terms of your health, and once you’ve tasted how good the Grain Brain diet can be, you’ll want to keep making the right choices day after day.
Grain Brain– International Bestseller
Renowned neurologist David Perlmutter, MD, blows the lid off a topic that’s been buried in medical literature for far too long: carbs are destroying your brain. And not just unhealthy carbs, but even healthy ones like whole grains can cause dementia, ADHD, anxiety, chronic headaches, depression, and much more. Dr. Perlmutter explains what happens when the brain encounters common ingredients in your daily bread and fruit bowls, why your brain thrives on fat and cholesterol, and how you can spur the growth of new brain cells at any age. He offers an in-depth look at how we can take control of our “smart genes” through specific dietary choices and lifestyle habits, demonstrating how to remedy our most feared maladies without drugs. With a revolutionary 30-day plan, Grain Brain teaches us how we can reprogram our genetic destiny for the better.
Raise a Smarter Child by Kindergarten
Raise a Smarter Child by Kindergarten gives parents the tools to maximize their child’s intelligence.  Dr. Perlmutter provides sound advice, supported by the latest and most well respected medical research.

Power Up Your Brain
The quest for enlightenment has occupied mankind for millennia. And from the depictions we’ve seen-monks sitting on meditation cushions, nuns kneeling in prayer, shamans communing with the universe-it seems that this elusive state is reserved for a chosen few. But now, neuroscientist David Perlmutter and medical anthropologist and shaman Alberto Villoldo have come together to explore the commonalities between their specialties with the aim of making enlightenment possible for anyone.
Joining the long-separated worlds of science and spirit, Perlmutter explores the exciting phenomena of neurogenesis and mitochondrial health, while Villoldo brings his vast knowledge of shamanic and spiritual practices to the table. Together they draw from the most powerful tools in each discipline to create the Power Up Your Brain program, a ground-breaking, five-week plan that helps prime the brain for enlightenment. With nutritional advice, dietary supplements, physical exercise, shamanic practices, meditation, and visualizations, Perlmutter and Villoldo guide readers, step by step, through a program to help them clear their minds from previous trauma and open themselves up to experience the inner peace, vast insight, and extraordinary creativity that define the experience of enlightenment, paving the way to successfully face the challenges to come.



 



Now On Air Dr. Perlmutter's latest TV special is now airing!Watch Now! 
Popular Posts
Diet Drinks Threaten the Brain

 




Is Coconut Oil Still Healthy? The Truth Behind The Recent Headlin...

 




Improved Attention From Your Child? Feed Them This.

 




Keep Yourself in Ketosis

 


[tweet]latest:davidperlmutter:1[/tweet]






					What they're saying
				


						Dr. Perlmutter provides sound advice, supported by the latest and most well respected medical research.						Russell. B. Roth, MD
Past President, American Medical Association





 

Join my Email Community









		Copyright 2017 David Perlmutter, MD.
Community Policy - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy




































 Loading More






Robert D Perlmutter - Santa Monica, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert D Perlmutter in Santa Monica, CA


Robert D Perlmutter

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert D Perlmutter  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Santa Monica, CA.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 12 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Robert A Perlmutter


Get Report Now

Age

Robert D Perlmutter is in his 50s

Robert Has Lived In

Santa Monica, CA
Highland Park, IL
Chicago, IL

Robert's Relatives

Amy Perlmutter
Kim Perlmutter
Stephen Perlmutter
Bobby Perlmutter







Robert D Perlmutter



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Vice President of Leasing at The MACERICH Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert D Perlmutter
Get a Criminal Check on Robert D Perlmutter
Get a Public Record Report on Robert D Perlmutter
Get a People Search Report on Robert D Perlmutter


Robert D Perlmutter's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert D Perlmutter has lived as well as Robert D Perlmutter's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert D Perlmutter Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Robert D Perlmutter


401 W******* B*** 

Santa Monica, CA


Has Lived In

Santa Monica, CA
Highland Park, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert D Perlmutter

(310) ***-**** - Santa Monica, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Santa Monica, CA 
(847) ***-**** - Highland Park, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert D Perlmutter

r*********r@***.net
b*********r@***.com
r**************r@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert D Perlmutter's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Robert D Perlmutter's academic history.  Find out which schools Robert D Perlmutter attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Robert D Perlmutter received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert D Perlmutter Has Attended 1 School
University of Colorado 


Robert D Perlmutter's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert D Perlmutter's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert D Perlmutter has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert D Perlmutter Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: The MACERICH Company
               Title: Executive Vice President of Leasing
Company: Heitman LLC
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Robert D Perlmutter's Experience
Title: Executive Vice President of Leasing
               Company: The MACERICH Company
Job Details
               Macerich, an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, which focuses on the acquisition, leasing, management, development and redevelopment of regional malls throughout the United States. Macerich currently owns 56 million square feet of real estate consisting primarily of interests in 50 regional shopping centers. Macerich specializes in successful retail properties in many of the country's most attractive, densely populated markets with significant presence in the Pacific Rim, Arizona, Chicago and the Metro New York to Washington, D.C. corridor.
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Heitman LLC
Job Details
               Heitman is a global real estate investment management firm with $36.7 billion in assets under management. Founded in 1966, we have 12 offices worldwide and are an active participant in three key segments of the global real estate property and capital markets. Our collaborative investment process uses input from some of the most experienced investment and research professionals in the industry.
Additional Professional Information on Robert D Perlmutter

 See Robert D Perlmutter's LinkedIn Profile



Robert D Perlmutter's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert D Perlmutter


Robert D Perlmutter's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert D Perlmutter's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Perlmutter
Username Matches

                  RobertPerlmutter
                  PerlmutterRobert
                  Robert.Perlmutter
                  Perlmutter.Robert
                  Robert_Perlmutter
                  Perlmutter_Robert
                  Robert-Perlmutter
                  Perlmutter-Robert
                  RPerlmutter
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Perlmutter







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Robert D. Perlmutter: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:50 AM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of The Macerich Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert D. Perlmutter  Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, The Macerich CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships55$3,400,662As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Robert D. Perlmutter, also known as Bobby, has been an Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President at The Macerich Company since February 12,  2016. Mr. Perlmutter served as a Managing Member of Davis Street Land Company, LLC. He served as an Executive Vice President of Leasing at The Macerich Company since April 19, 2012 until February 12,  2016. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Heitman Retail Properties, a subsidiary of ... Heitman Properties, Ltd. from 1990 to 1998. From 1988 to 1990, he served as Heitman Financial's President, a capacity in which he was responsible for overseeing all of its acquisitions, financings and dispositions. From 1983 to 1988, he worked as an Investment Analyst for Heitman Financial Services, Ltd. in its acquisitions and dispositions division. He serves as Managing Member of Davis Street Land Company, LLC. He has been a Trustee of Chatham Lodging Trust since April 2010. He served as a Director of Prime Retail Inc. from 1998 to 2001 and Horizon Group Inc. since 1997. He serves as a Member of the International Council of Shopping Centers ("ICSC"), the Illinois ICSC Committee and NAREIT. He is a Member of First Bank of Highland Park. Mr. Perlmutter holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration (BSBA) and Real Estate from the University of Colorado in Boulder.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
401 Wilshire BoulevardSanta Monica, California 90401United StatesPhone: 310-394-6000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2010-PresentTrusteeChatham Lodging Trust
Education
BSBA University of Colorado–Boulder
Other Affiliations
Horizon Group, Inc.Prime Retail Inc.University of Colorado–BoulderChatham Lodging TrustDavis Street Land Company, LLC


Annual Compensation
Salary$600,000Total Annual Compensation$600,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$2,737,465All Other Compensation$63,197
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$663,197Total Short Term Compensation$600,000Other Long Term Compensation$2,800,662Total Calculated Compensation$3,400,662




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDonald C. Wood CPAChief Executive Officer, President & TrusteeFederal Realty Investment Trust$950.0KConor C. Flynn Chief Executive Officer and DirectorKimco Realty Corporation$850.0KWilliam C. Bayless Jr.Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorAmerican Campus Communities, Inc.$760.0KDavid R. Weinreb CEO & DirectorThe Howard Hughes Corporation$1.0MJames M. Taylor Jr., J.D.CEO, President & DirectorBrixmor Property Group Inc.$635.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Macerich Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MAC Robert D. Perlmutter Insider Trades for Macerich Co.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Macerich Co.

                  NYSE: MAC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Macerich Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:14 p.m.


MAC

/quotes/zigman/133565/composite


$
58.80




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 10,409
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/133565/composite
Previous close

$
			58.93
		


$
				58.80
			
Change

-0.13
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$58.07
$59.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $56.06
        

            $94.51
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Robert D. Perlmutter



Mr. Robert D. Perlmutter is Chief Operating Officer & Senior Executive VP at Macerich Co., Independent Trustee at Chatham Lodging Trust and a Member at International Council of Shopping Centers, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Chatham Lodging Trust and First Bank of Highland Park. Mr. Perlmutter was previously employed as Managing Member by Davis Street Land Co. LLC, Chief Executive Officer by Heitman Properties, and President by Heitman Financial Services LLC. He also served on the board at Prime Retail, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from The University of Colorado.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/31/2017
21


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $57.41 per share.


1,206


05/31/2017
369


 
Award at $48.8 per share.


18,007


01/23/2017
24,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


01/03/2017
1,500


 
Disposition at $70.79 per share.


106,185


12/07/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $70 per share.


105,000


11/30/2016
9


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $67.89 per share.


612


11/30/2016
151


 
Award at $57.71 per share.


8,714


11/11/2016
1,400


 
Disposition at $70 per share.


98,000


11/10/2016
100


 
Disposition at $70 per share.


7,000


10/03/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $79.45 per share.


119,175


09/01/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $81.52 per share.


122,280


08/01/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $89.79 per share.


134,685


07/01/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $85.49 per share.


128,235


06/01/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $76.44 per share.


114,660


05/31/2016
16


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $76.32 per share.


1,222


05/31/2016
267


 
Award at $64.87 per share.


17,320


05/02/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $77.13 per share.


115,695


04/01/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $79.53 per share.


119,295


03/01/2016
1,500


 
Disposition at $79.97 per share.


119,955


01/14/2016
18,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


11/30/2015
10


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $78.15 per share.


782


11/30/2015
165


 
Award at $66.43 per share.


10,960


06/01/2015
17


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $83.45 per share.


1,419


06/01/2015
224


 
Award at $67.15 per share.


15,041


11/28/2014
14


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $79.08 per share.


1,108


11/28/2014
127


 
Award at $56.13 per share.


7,128


05/30/2014
32


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $66.04 per share.


2,114


05/30/2014
309


 
Award at $48.4 per share.


14,955


08/15/2013
1,000


 
Acquisition at $58.54 per share.


58,540


11/08/2012
1,000


 
Acquisition at $56.68 per share.


56,680





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Arthur M. Coppola 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Edward C. Coppola 
President & Director




Mr. Robert D. Perlmutter 
Chief Operating Officer & Senior Executive VP




Mr. Thomas E. O'Hern 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, CAO & SEVP




Mr. J. P. Jones 
Chief Information Officer & Senior VP-IT




Mr. Michael  Slavin 
Senior Vice President-Information Technology




Ms. Coleen  McNelis 
Vice President-Short Term Leasing




Mr. Scott W. Kingsmore 
Senior Vice President-Finance




Mr. Thomas C. Unis 
SVP-National Leasing Services & Retailer Relations




Mr. Don  Foster 
Senior Vice President-Design & Construction




Mr. Thomas J. Pendergrast 
Senior Vice President-Acquisitions




Mr. David M. Short 
Senior Vice President-Asset Management




Mr. Scott  Nelson 
Vice President




Ms. Petra  Maruca 
Vice President-Business Development




Mr. Chet A. Cramin 
Senior Vice President & Associate General Counsel




Mr. Douglas J. Healey 
Senior Vice President-Leasing




Mr. Christopher J. Facas 
Senior Vice President-Property Management




Mr. Dana K. Anderson 
Vice Chairman-Emeritus




Mr. John M. Sullivan 
Director




Mr. Ken  Volk 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Christopher J. Zecchini 
Senior Vice President & Controller




Mr. Mark A. Jacoby 
Senior Vice President-Internal Audit




Mr. John N. Perry 
Senior Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Jean  Wood 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Genene M. Kruger 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Thomas J. Leanse 
Secretary, Chief Legal Officer & Senior EVP




Mr. Stephen L. Spector 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Ms. Andrea Mary Stephen 
Independent Director




Mr. Frederick S. Hubbell 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Mason Green Ross 
Independent Director




Mr. Steven L. Soboroff 
Independent Director




Mr. Steven R. Hash 
Independent Director




Dr. John H. Alschuler 
Independent Director




Ms. Diana M. Laing 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:50 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:48aWhy ‘Game of Thrones’ characters are wise to prefer social status over money
10:44aCongress reaches deal on sweeping Russia sanctions bill
10:12aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
10:01aHow to earn $100,000 a year or more with side hustles 
9:59aThe dark side of cruises
9:59aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
9:58aYou’ll save money on gas with a Tesla, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
9:56aWarning for homeowners: Here’s how much you’ll spend after buying your new house
9:52aMove over, Airbnb: Here’s how to rent out your home for a lot more money
9:52aThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
9:50aThese 4 colors can be the kiss of death when selling your home
9:48aThe richest people on the planet just got richer, but one country was outstanding
9:47aThis is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your résumé 
9:44aMy boss asked me to let a new employee stay at my place for two months (for free)
9:44aArtificial sweeteners may even make you put on weight
9:43a10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
9:42a5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
9:40aNote to parents – this social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
9:39aIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
9:38aThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.
Former EVP, Implant Business Unit at Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates


View Full Profile
Are you Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Past
To view Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 


Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s Biography



Robert J. Perlmutter, Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Implant Business Units   53    Dr. Perlmutter has served as Varian Semiconductor's Executive Vice President of Implant Business Units since October 2006. Prior to joining Varian Semiconductor, Dr. Perlmutter was a Group Vice President of KLA-Tencor from July 2006 to October 2006. From October 2001 to June 2006, he served as Vice President and General Manager of KLA-Tencor's WIN Division - responsible for the brightfield and darkfield patterned wafer inspection product lines. Previously at KLA-Tencor, Dr. Perlmutter was Vice President and General Manager of the Surfscan Division from Octob ...
(Read More)

			Robert J. Perlmutter, Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Implant Business Units   53    Dr. Perlmutter has served as Varian Semiconductor's Executive Vice President of Implant Business Units since October 2006. Prior to joining Varian Semiconductor, Dr. Perlmutter was a Group Vice President of KLA-Tencor from July 2006 to October 2006. From October 2001 to June 2006, he served as Vice President and General Manager of KLA-Tencor's WIN Division - responsible for the brightfield and darkfield patterned wafer inspection product lines. Previously at KLA-Tencor, Dr. Perlmutter was Vice President and General Manager of the Surfscan Division from October 1999 to October 2001. From September 1995 to September 1999, Dr. Perlmutter served as a Sr. Director and then, Vice President of Engineering for KLA-Tencor's Reticle and Photomask Inspection Division.
		
Source: Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates on 11/22/2010
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.


















Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s Connections (14)





Sign up now to view Robert J. Perlmutter  Ph.D.'s 14 connections »









Elizabeth E. Tallett
Lead Independent Director, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Ben Tsai
Former Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Alliances, KLA-Tencor Corporation









Robert J. Halliday
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Applied Materials









Stanley K. Yarbro
Former Executive Vice President, Sales and Worldwide Field Operations, Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates









Yong-Kil Kim
Former Executive Vice President, General Manager, Asia Operations, Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates









Gary J. Rosen
Former Vice President, Engineering, Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates









Dennis G. Schmal
Former Lead Independent Director, Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc.









Xun Chen
Board Member, Applied Materials









Gary E. Dickerson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Applied Materials









Richard A. Aurelio
Former Board Member, Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Robert D. Perlmutter - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at The Macerich Company


View Full Profile
Are you Robert D. Perlmutter? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert D. Perlmutter's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert D. Perlmutter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert D. Perlmutter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert D. Perlmutter through your network of contacts.
												








Robert D. Perlmutter's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 
The Macerich Company


Board Member, 
Chatham Lodging Trust


Past
To view Robert D. Perlmutter's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Robert D. Perlmutter's Biography



Robert D. Perlmutter became one of our Senior Executive Vice Presidents and was appointed our Chief Operating Officer in February 2016 and is responsible for leasing, operation and development activities. Mr. Perlmutter served as our Executive Vice President of Leasing from April 2012 through February 2016, directing retail leasing. Before joining our Company, Mr. Perlmutter was the managing member of Davis Street Land Company, a privately-held real estate company focused on the management, development and ownership of upscale shopping centers from 1998 until March 2012. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Heitman Retail Properties, where h ...
(Read More)

			Robert D. Perlmutter became one of our Senior Executive Vice Presidents and was appointed our Chief Operating Officer in February 2016 and is responsible for leasing, operation and development activities. Mr. Perlmutter served as our Executive Vice President of Leasing from April 2012 through February 2016, directing retail leasing. Before joining our Company, Mr. Perlmutter was the managing member of Davis Street Land Company, a privately-held real estate company focused on the management, development and ownership of upscale shopping centers from 1998 until March 2012. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Heitman Retail Properties, where he supervised overall operations and growth of its retail holdings from 1990 to 1998. Mr. Perlmutter is a member of the board of trustees and the compensation committee chairman of Chatham Lodging Trust, a publicly traded REIT which invests in upscale extended-stay hotels and premium-branded select-service hotels. In addition, he is a trustee of the International Council of Shopping Centers.
		
Source: The Macerich Company on 04/18/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert D. Perlmutter's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert D. Perlmutter. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert D. Perlmutter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert D. Perlmutter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert D. Perlmutter through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert D. Perlmutter


















Robert D. Perlmutter's Connections (36)





Sign up now to view Robert D. Perlmutter's 36 connections »









Edward C. Coppola
Dir. and President, The Macerich Company









Arthur M. Coppola
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, The Macerich Company









C. Gerald Goldsmith
Board Member, Chatham Lodging Trust









Steven R. Hash
Lead Independent Director, Alexandria Real Estate Equities









Miles L. Berger
Lead Independent Director, Chatham Lodging Trust









Dana K. Anderson
Former Vice Chairman of the Board, The Macerich Company









Joel F. Zemans
Former Board Member, Chatham Lodging Trust









Frederick S. Hubbell
Board Member, The Macerich Company









Diana M. Laing
Chief Financial Officer, American Homes 4 Rent









Thomas J. Crocker
Board Member, Chatham Lodging Trust








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Robert  Perlmutter's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
P
Perlmutter

Robert  Perlmutter




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 249849680Robert  Perlmutter1162 Colusa AveBerkeley, CA 94707Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849681Robert  Perlmutter155 Lone Pine RdAspen, CO 81611(970) 920-4264Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849682Robert  Perlmutter8197 Springlake DrBoca Raton, FL 33496Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849683Robert  Perlmutter830 Hopkins AveAspen, CO 81611(970) 920-4264Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849684Robert  Perlmutter815 Saint James StPittsburgh, PA 15232(412) 687-3807Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849685Robert  Perlmutter10960 Beach BlvdJacksonville, FL 32246Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849686Robert  Perlmutter8 Carnegie PlLexington, MA 02420Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849687Robert  Perlmutter9 Lincoln TerMiddletown, NY 10940Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849688Robert  Perlmutter1225 Cornell AveAlbany, CA 94706Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849689Robert  Perlmutter695 A1a NPonte Vedra Beach, FL 32082Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849690Robert J Perlmutter3410 Stallion LnFort Lauderdale, FL 33331Age 89 (Born Jun 1928)(954) 384-7328Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849691Robert J Perlmutter3321 59th TerHollywood, FL 33023Age 89 (Born Jun 1928)(954) 962-7511Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849692Robert J Perlmutter894 Rorke WayPalo Alto, CA 94303Age 60 (Born Aug 1957)(650) 494-6652Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849693Robert I Perlmutter8422 White Oak AveNorthridge, CA 91325(818) 774-9829Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849694Robert M Perlmutter15656 Cliff Swallow WayRockville, MD 20853Age 84 (Born Mar 1933)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849695Robert H Perlmutter8195 Springlake DrBoca Raton, FL 33496Age 90 (Born May 1927)(561) 883-9309Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849696Robert H Perlmutter8641 Marengo StHollis, NY 11423Age 90 (Born May 1927)(718) 468-0527Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849697Robert S Perlmutter16527 Lake Heather DrTampa, FL 33618Age 71 (Born Apr 1946)(813) 964-8997Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849698Robert S Perlmutter39 Donna RdFramingham, MA 01701Age 71 (Born Apr 1946)(508) 879-0290Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849699Robert S Perlmutter9808 Compass Point WayTampa, FL 33615Age 71 (Born Apr 1946)(813) 854-1425Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849700Robert S Perlmutter8649 Himes AveTampa, FL 33614Age 71 (Born Apr 1946)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849701Robert S Perlmutter5351 Baywater DrTampa, FL 33615Age 71 (Born Apr 1946)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849702Robert N Perlmutter10960 Beach BlvdJacksonville, FL 32246Age 62 (Born 1955)(904) 620-9863Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849703Robert N Perlmutter5 Lafayette RdPenns Grove, NJ 08069Age 64 (Born Apr 1953)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849704Robert N Perlmutter7417 Parkside LnPompano Beach, FL 33063(954) 968-4304Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849705Robert N Perlmutter4403 Atlantic BlvdPompano Beach, FL 33066Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849706Robert D Perlmutter30473 Mulholland HwyAgoura Hills, CA 91301Age 74 (Born Feb 1943)(818) 706-1515Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849707Robert D Perlmutter8152 Village 8Camarillo, CA 93012Age 74 (Born 1943)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849708Robert D Perlmutter1371 Whitehall PlWestlake Village, CA 91361Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849709Robert D Perlmutter950 Mich AveChicago, IL 60601Age 56 (Born Nov 1961)(312) 280-9571Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849710Robert D Perlmutter950 Michigan AveChicago, IL 60611Age 56 (Born Nov 1961)(312) 280-8836Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849711Robert D Perlmutter1955 Emerald Woods LnHighland Park, IL 60035Age 56 (Born Nov 1961)(847) 831-0799Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849712Robert D Perlmutter31555 Lindero Canyon RdWestlake Village, CA 91361Age 74 (Born Feb 1943)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849713Robert A Perlmutter7257 Owensmouth AveCanoga Park, CA 91303Age 88 (Born Aug 1929)(818) 347-3077Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849714Robert A Perlmutter5347 Winnetka AveWoodland Hills, CA 91364Age 87 (Born Mar 1930)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849715Robert A Perlmutter20921 Community StCanoga Park, CA 91304Age 87 (Born Mar 1930)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849716Robert A Perlmutter1955 Emerald Woods LnHighland Park, IL 60035Age 56 (Born Nov 1961)(847) 831-0799Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849717Robert A Perlmutter58 La Bonne Vie DrPatchogue, NY 11772Age 73 (Born Dec 1944)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849718Robert A Perlmutter79 Debbie Lee LnBohemia, NY 11716Age 73 (Born Dec 1944)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849719Robert A Perlmutter47 Fortune LnJericho, NY 11753Age 62 (Born May 1955)(516) 939-0024Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849720Robert B Perlmutter554 Blue Ridge DrMedford, NY 11763Age 85 (Born Jun 1932)(631) 698-3183Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849721Robert B Perlmutter3235 Emmons AveBrooklyn, NY 11235Age 85 (Born Jun 1932)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849722Robert B Perlmutter9321 Sunrise BlvdFort Lauderdale, FL 33322Age 85 (Born Jun 1932)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849723Robert B Perlmutter9321 Sunrise Lakes BlvdFort Lauderdale, FL 33322Age 85 (Born Jun 1932)(954) 749-2624Background Check - Available
Record ID: 249849724Robert C Perlmutter3237 Country Walk DrPowder Springs, GA 30127Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














NYU Langone Medical Center






Donate to Perlmutter Cancer Center





 
 
 
 
 


 




 
 
 
 





 
















Help Us Outsmart Cancer

        DONATE NOW
      




  What sets us apart


  At Perlmutter Cancer Center, we are always asking ourselves how we can do better.







       We perform clinical trials and research studies to translate laboratory findings into more effective cancer therapies.
      







        We collaborate across multiple disciplines to find new methods for treating cancer.
      







        We believe that every person with cancer is unique, and practice individualized care.
      





Donate to Perlmutter Cancer Center 



To us, cancer is personal. 


  That’s why, at NYU Langone’s Laura and Isaac Perlmutter Cancer Center, we are so committed to creating personalized care for every patient.  We believe in treating the whole person — not simply the disease.
  

  Our teams of physicians and scientists work together across multiple disciplines to bring patients the most cutting-edge treatments and innovative clinical trials. 
 

From our laboratories to our doctors’ offices, we are committed to curing cancer in our lifetime.





















Your Gift







 Field Is Required
Your Gift











$50.00


$50














$100.00


$100














$250.00


$250














$500.00


$500














$1,000.00


$1000














$2,500.00


$2500













Enter amount








 




 





Make this a recurring monthly gift.







This is a gift in honor or in memory of an individual.

 




Honor Gift Type:


In Memory of
In Honor of


Required

 




Honoree Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 





Honoree First Name:


 





Honoree Last Name:


 






I would like to notify the following party of this gift.






Notification Recipient Name:


 





Notification Recipient Street 1:


 




Notification Recipient Street 2:


 





Notification Recipient City:


 





Notification Recipient State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 





Notification Recipient Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 





Notification Recipient ZIP/Postal Code:


 




Your Information





First Name:


 





Last Name:


 




Billing Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Suffix:


Sr.
Jr.
II
III
IV
V


Required

 





Email Address:


 






Add my spouse or partner.




Joint Donor Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Joint Donor First Name:


 




Joint Donor Last Name:


 




Payment Information




Credit Card Information:



Credit Card Type:













 





Credit Card Number:


 






Expiration Date:Select month of credit card

Select Expiration Year



01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027



 


 






CVV Number:

What is this?


 




 



billing address





Street 1:


 




Street 2:


 





ZIP/Postal Code:


 





City:


 





State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 




Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 







Your information is safe and secure.





Process










Yes, I would like to receive communication from this organization.

 












 





NYU Langone Medical Center is composed of NYU Hospitals Center and NYU School of Medicine.  Your contribution to NYU Langone Medical Center is tax-deductible as provided by applicable law. Our EIN # is 13-3971298. Occasionally, we will send email updates about our work, but you can unsubscribe at any time by emailing us at donorservices@nyumc.org or calling us at 844-651-4036. You can also contact us with any questions about your donation.
















NYU Langone Medical Center






Donate to Perlmutter Cancer Center





 
 
 
 
 


 




 
 
 
 





 
















Help Us Outsmart Cancer

        DONATE NOW
      




  What sets us apart


  At Perlmutter Cancer Center, we are always asking ourselves how we can do better.







       We perform clinical trials and research studies to translate laboratory findings into more effective cancer therapies.
      







        We collaborate across multiple disciplines to find new methods for treating cancer.
      







        We believe that every person with cancer is unique, and practice individualized care.
      





Donate to Perlmutter Cancer Center 



To us, cancer is personal. 


  That’s why, at NYU Langone’s Laura and Isaac Perlmutter Cancer Center, we are so committed to creating personalized care for every patient.  We believe in treating the whole person — not simply the disease.
  

  Our teams of physicians and scientists work together across multiple disciplines to bring patients the most cutting-edge treatments and innovative clinical trials. 
 

From our laboratories to our doctors’ offices, we are committed to curing cancer in our lifetime.





















Your Gift







 Field Is Required
Your Gift











$50.00


$50














$100.00


$100














$250.00


$250














$500.00


$500














$1,000.00


$1000














$2,500.00


$2500













Enter amount








 




 





Make this a recurring monthly gift.







This is a gift in honor or in memory of an individual.

 




Honor Gift Type:


In Memory of
In Honor of


Required

 




Honoree Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 





Honoree First Name:


 





Honoree Last Name:


 






I would like to notify the following party of this gift.






Notification Recipient Name:


 





Notification Recipient Street 1:


 




Notification Recipient Street 2:


 





Notification Recipient City:


 





Notification Recipient State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 





Notification Recipient Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 





Notification Recipient ZIP/Postal Code:


 




Your Information





First Name:


 





Last Name:


 




Billing Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Suffix:


Sr.
Jr.
II
III
IV
V


Required

 





Email Address:


 






Add my spouse or partner.




Joint Donor Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Joint Donor First Name:


 




Joint Donor Last Name:


 




Payment Information




Credit Card Information:



Credit Card Type:













 





Credit Card Number:


 






Expiration Date:Select month of credit card

Select Expiration Year



01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027



 


 






CVV Number:

What is this?


 




 



billing address





Street 1:


 




Street 2:


 





ZIP/Postal Code:


 





City:


 





State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 




Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 







Your information is safe and secure.





Process










Yes, I would like to receive communication from this organization.

 












 





NYU Langone Medical Center is composed of NYU Hospitals Center and NYU School of Medicine.  Your contribution to NYU Langone Medical Center is tax-deductible as provided by applicable law. Our EIN # is 13-3971298. Occasionally, we will send email updates about our work, but you can unsubscribe at any time by emailing us at donorservices@nyumc.org or calling us at 844-651-4036. You can also contact us with any questions about your donation.
















NYU Langone Medical Center






Donate to Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital





 
 
 
 
 


 




 
 
 
 





 













Help Us Provide the Finest Care for Kids

        DONATE NOW
      




  What sets us apart


  At Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital, we ensure that every child gets the best medical care possible.







        Our 400+ physicians are experts in over 30 specialties. 
      







        We are advancing integrative medicine by providing children and families stress-relieving support such as yoga, massage, and meditation.
      







        We are the future of research and education, studying a range of pediatric diseases.
      





Donate to Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital


When your child is sick, you want the best care possible.


 At Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital at NYU Langone, we know this — and we understand that caring for infants, children, and teenagers is a special privilege. That’s why we partner with children and their families to deliver expert medical and surgical care.
  

  Our talented team of doctors, nurses, child life specialists, social workers, and other medical professionals — are all committed to providing personalized, compassionate care that addresses the needs of the entire family.


And we will be there for your family too — should you ever need us.




















Your Gift







 Field Is Required
Your Gift











$50.00


$50














$100.00


$100














$250.00


$250














$500.00


$500














$1,000.00


$1000














$2,500.00


$2500













Enter amount








 




 





Make this a recurring monthly gift.







This is a gift in honor or in memory of an individual.

 




Honor Gift Type:


In Memory of
In Honor of


Required

 




Honoree Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 





Honoree First Name:


 





Honoree Last Name:


 






I would like to notify the following party of this gift.






Notification Recipient Name:


 





Notification Recipient Street 1:


 




Notification Recipient Street 2:


 





Notification Recipient City:


 





Notification Recipient State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 





Notification Recipient Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 





Notification Recipient ZIP/Postal Code:


 




Your Information





First Name:


 





Last Name:


 




Billing Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Suffix:


Sr.
Jr.
II
III
IV
V


Required

 





Email Address:


 






Add my spouse or partner.




Joint Donor Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Joint Donor First Name:


 




Joint Donor Last Name:


 




Payment Information




Credit Card Information:



Credit Card Type:













 





Credit Card Number:


 






Expiration Date:Select month of credit card

Select Expiration Year



01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027



 


 






CVV Number:

What is this?


 




 



billing address





Street 1:


 




Street 2:


 





ZIP/Postal Code:


 





City:


 





State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 




Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 







Your information is safe and secure.





Process










Yes, I would like to receive communication from this organization.

 












 




NYU Langone Medical Center is composed of NYU Hospitals Center and NYU School of Medicine.  Your contribution to NYU Langone Medical Center is tax-deductible as provided by applicable law. Our EIN # is 13-3971298. Occasionally, we will send email updates about our work, but you can unsubscribe at any time by emailing us at donorservices@nyumc.org or calling us at 844-651-4036. You can also contact us with any questions about your donation.















Give to NYU Medical Center






 
 
 
 
 


 




 
 
 
 






 














Donate Now
Support world-class medical care focused on healing people with your tax-deductible donation today. Your gift helps our physicians, educators, and researchers provide life-saving treatments and individualized patient care for every person who needs us. 
        
Prefer to speak to someone about giving to NYU Langone Medical Center? Call 1-844-651-4036 or email donorservices@nyumc.org








Thank you, !
You are helping us bring comprehensive, state-of-the-art care to more patients and their families. You will receive an email receipt shortly confirming your gift.
    

    Join us on social media to learn more about our latest medical breakthroughs—and meet the people who are benefiting from compassionate care at NYU Langone Medical Center.
  






































Your Gift







 Field Is Required
Your Gift











$50.00


$50














$100.00


$100














$250.00


$250














$500.00


$500














$1,000.00


$1000














$2,500.00


$2500













Enter amount








 




 





Make this a recurring monthly gift.







This is a gift in honor or in memory of an individual.

 





Honor Gift Type:


In Memory of
In Honor of


Required

 




Honoree Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 





Honoree First Name:


 





Honoree Last Name:


 






I would like to notify the following party of this gift.






Notification Recipient Name:


 





Notification Recipient Street 1:


 




Notification Recipient Street 2:


 





Notification Recipient City:


 





Notification Recipient State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 





Notification Recipient Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 





Notification Recipient ZIP/Postal Code:


 




Your Information





First Name:


 





Last Name:


 




Billing Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Suffix:


Sr.
Jr.
II
III
IV
V


Required

 





Email Address:


 






Add my spouse or partner.




Joint Donor Title:


Mr.
Ms.
Mrs.
Miss
Dr.


Required

 




Joint Donor First Name:


 




Joint Donor Last Name:


 




Payment Information




Credit Card Information:



Credit Card Type:













 





Credit Card Number:


 






Expiration Date:Select month of credit card

Select Expiration Year



01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027



 


 






CVV Number:

What is this?


 




 



billing address





Street 1:


 




Street 2:


 





ZIP/Postal Code:


 





City:


 





State/Province:


AK - Alaska
AL - Alabama
AR - Arkansas
AZ - Arizona
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DC - District of Columbia
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
IA - Iowa
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
MA - Massachusetts
MD - Maryland
ME - Maine
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MO - Missouri
MS - Mississippi
MT - Montana
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
NE - Nebraska
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NV - Nevada
NY - New York
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VA - Virginia
VT - Vermont
WA - Washington
WI - Wisconsin
WV - West Virginia
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PR - Puerto Rico
PW - Palau
VI - Virgin Islands
AA - Armed Forces Americas
AE - Armed Forces
AP - Armed Forces Pacific
AB - Alberta
BC - British Columbia
MB - Manitoba
NB - New Brunswick
NL - Newfoundland and Labrador
NS - Nova Scotia
NT - Northwest Territories
NU - Nunavut
ON - Ontario
PE - Prince Edward Island
QC - Quebec
SK - Saskatchewan
YT - Yukon
None


Required

 




Country:


United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Bonaire, Sint Eustatios and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic of Iran
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Republic of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Isls.
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic of Tanzania
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Required

 







Your information is safe and secure.





Process










Yes, I would like to receive communication from this organization.

 





Your contribution to NYU Langone Medical Center is tax-deductible as provided by applicable law. NYU Langone Medical Center is composed of NYU Hospitals Center and NYU School of Medicine. Federal Tax ID: 13-3971298By contributing today you agree to receive periodic updates from NYU Langone Medical Center. You can unsubscribe at any time by contacting us or via a link in every email







 






 


© 2017 NYU Hospitals Center | 
donorservices@nyumc.org | 
1-844-651-4036 | 
Privacy Policy






















 






















Dr. Robert Perlmutter, MD | West Hills, CA | General Practitioner























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. Robert Perlmutter MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Robert Perlmutter
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT























Dr. Robert Perlmutter MD 







General Practice West Hills, CA



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. Robert Perlmutter xhas an overall rating of 1.0.







1.0
 








8 patient ratings5 comments





Have you seen Dr. Robert Perlmutter before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. Robert Perlmutter, MD is a Doctor primarily located in West Hills, CA. He has 51 years of experience. His specialties include General Practice and Family Medicine.                    Dr. Perlmutter is affiliated with                            Northridge Hospital Medical Center,                            Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center-Encino Campus and                            Valley Presbyterian Hospital.
                 He speaks English.



                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. Robert Perlmutter has the following 5 areas of expertise and  2 specialties.                     


                                2
                            

Specialties

                                    For the best health care, select a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.
                                
View all






                                5
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






Type 2 Diabetes


Type 2 diabetes is a chronic disease in which your body is unable to maintain a normal blood sugar (glucose) level.

view care guide





more health guides


Birth Control
Binge Eating Disorder
Eating Disorders
Flu
Food Allergy
GERD
Gout
Home Allergies
Chronic Idiopathic Constipation








Locations & Directions











Canoga Park Medical Group
7301 Medical Center Dr
West Hills, CA 91307

Phone Number
Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. Robert Perlmutter, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near West Hills, CA.






Dr. Mehdi Izadi 



West Hills, CA


5.0 








31 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Mark Dechter 



West Hills, CA


4.1 








44 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Gary Standke 



West Hills, CA


3.1 








34 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. Robert Perlmutter
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a General Practitioner
>            
CA
>            
West Hills General Practitioners
>            Dr. Robert Perlmutter, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















