

David M. Pernock: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:25 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David M. Pernock  President and Chief Commercial Officer, Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships64$488,869
Background

		Mr. David M. Pernock has been President and Chief Commercial officer at Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., since January 02, 2017. Mr. Pernock served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Fibrocell Science, Inc. from September 2009 and February 1, 2010 to December 19, 2016 and also served as its President until December 19, 2016. Mr. Pernock served as the Senior Vice President of U.S., pharmaceuticals/vaccines & Biologics, Specialty Businesses - Philadelphia ... for GlaxoSmithKline P.L.C. He served in a variety of executive capacities for GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) from 1994 to 2009, including Senior Vice President of Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines (Biologics), Oncology, Acute Care and HIV Divisions; Vice President of Marketing, Pharmaceuticals; Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Oncology; Vice President of Sales; and Vice President of Managed Care. Mr. Pernock served as Vice President of Marketing Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and Schering-Plough Corporation and Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Key Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Pernock serves as a Member of the Advisory Board of Vatera Capital LLC. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at Vatera Healthcare Partners. He served as Alliance for Regenerative Medicine since December 2013. He served as an Director of Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from April 13, 2015 to January 01, 2017. He serves as a Director of Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Pernock served as a Director of Fibrocell Science, Inc. from September 2009 to December 16, 2016. He served as a Director of Martek Biosciences Corp. since September 2009. He was a presenter at the 3rd Annual Regenerative Medicine Partnering Forum, part of this year's Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa held in La Jolla, California. Organized by the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM) and the Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine, the 2013 Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa was a three-day conference aimed at bringing together senior members of the regenerative medicine industry with the scientific research community to advance stem cell science into cures. Mr. Pernock holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Arizona State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
50 Tice BoulevardWoodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677United StatesPhone: 201-326-5300Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorGreater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce2013-PresentDirectorAlliance for Regenerative Medicine
Education
BSBA Arizona State University-Tempe
Other Affiliations
Martek Biosciences CorporationFibrocell Science, Inc.Arizona State University-TempeGreater Philadelphia Chamber of CommerceVatera Healthcare PartnersAlliance for Regenerative Medicine


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$47,500Total Calculated Compensation$488,869




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationFriedhelm  Blobel Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive DirectorSciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc.$650.0KRajesh C. Shrotriya M.D.Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerSpectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.$1.9MJohn F. Thero Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorAmarin Corporation plc$575.3KKimberly J. Popovits Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentGenomic Health, Inc.$686.4KSaeed  Motahari President, CEO & DirectorINSYS Therapeutics, Inc.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Eagle Pharma Announces David Pernock As President And Chief Commercial Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Eagle Pharma (EGRX) Announces David Pernock As President And Chief Commercial Officer  











Tweet








12/19/2016 9:52:55 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Eagle” or “the Company”) (Nasdaq:EGRX) 
      today announced that David Pernock will join Eagle as President and 
      Chief Commercial Officer, effective January 2017. Mr. Pernock brings 
      vast experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology leadership to the 
      Company. He will be responsible for all commercial strategy and 
      execution for Eagle’s growing product portfolio, including the launch of 
      expanded indications for Ryanodex® for Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”) 
      and drug induced hyperthermia, if approved by the Food and Drug 
      Administration (“FDA”). Mr. Pernock will report to Scott Tarriff, 
      Eagle’s Chief Executive Officer.
    

      “David has a distinguished track record as a leader in the 
      pharmaceutical sector. During his tenure at GlaxoSmithKline, he brought 
      multiple blockbuster drugs to market and led strategic direction and 
      operational success across diverse businesses, and most recently served 
      as the CEO of a publicly-traded gene therapy biotechnology company. His 
      appointment fortifies our management team and underscores Eagle’s 
      commitment to the success of our growing portfolio and the opportunities 
      we see in our pipeline, such as the label expansion of Ryanodex for the 
      treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke, a near-term opportunity, if 
      approved by the FDA. This would be a very significant product launch for 
      the Company, and we are thrilled to have someone of David’s caliber to 
      lead its success,” stated Scott Tarriff.
    

      “As an Eagle board member, I became deeply familiar with the Company’s 
      pipeline and prospects, which led me to make the decision to take this 
      position. This new role reflects my enthusiasm for and confidence in 
      Eagle's future. I look forward to joining the Eagle team to lead the 
      expanded commercial efforts for Ryanodex following approval and multiple 
      additional potential product launches in the future. If approved, 
      Ryanodex for EHS would address the needs of new patient populations for 
      whom no pharmaceutical treatment options are currently available. We 
      view the potential launch of Ryanodex as a very significant opportunity 
      and are committed to allocating the resources required to help ensure a 
      successful commercial launch,” added David Pernock
    

      David Pernock has been a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since 
      April 2015. Mr. Pernock will relinquish his Eagle Board position 
      effective January 2017, in connection with his new role as President and 
      Chief Commercial Officer.
    

About David Pernock


      David Pernock is a pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry expert. He 
      has served as a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since April 2015. 
      Mr. Pernock most recently served as Chairman of the Board of Directors 
      and Chief Executive Officer (2010-2017) of Fibrocell (Nasdaq: FCSC), an 
      autologous cell and gene therapy company. Previously, he held various 
      positions at GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK), most notably serving as Senior 
      Vice President of Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines (Biologics), Oncology, Acute 
      Care, and HIV Divisions. Mr. Pernock served as President of Reliant 
      Pharmaceuticals when Reliant was acquired by GSK. He was President of 
      SmithKline Beecham-Puerto Rico prior to the GSK merger. Furthermore, Mr. 
      Pernock served as a director of Martek Biosciences Corporation.
    

About Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


      Eagle is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and 
      commercializing injectable products that address the shortcomings, as 
      identified by physicians, pharmacists and other stakeholders, of 
      existing commercially successful injectable products. Eagle’s strategy 
      is to utilize the FDA's 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Additional 
      information is available on the company’s website at www.eagleus.com.
    

About Ryanodex®
    

      Ryanodex (dantrolene sodium) for injectable suspension is indicated for 
      the treatment of malignant hyperthermia (“MH”) in conjunction with 
      appropriate supportive measures, and for the prevention of malignant 
      hyperthermia in patients at high risk.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


This press release contains forward-looking information within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as 
      amended and other securities laws. Forward-looking statements are 
      statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “anticipated,” 
      “drive,” “will,” “growing,” “we see,” “near term,” “would,” “lead,” 
      “future,” “potential,” “committed,” and similar expressions are intended 
      to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include 
      statements regarding future events including, but not limited to: the 
      impact, if any, that the appointment of a new officer will have on 
      Eagle’s business; the ability of this new officer to effectively 
      leverage his expertise and experience to expand Eagle’s reach and value; 
      the ability of Eagle to continue to expand its product portfolio as well 
      as to maximize the value of its commercial products; the earnings 
      potential and long-term value of Ryanodex; the safety and efficacy of 
      Ryanodex for the treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”); FDA 
      approval of the use of Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS; difficulties 
      or delays in manufacturing; the availability and pricing of third party 
      sourced products and materials; successful compliance with FDA and other 
      governmental regulations applicable to manufacturing facilities, 
      products and/or businesses; the ability of Eagle to deliver sustained 
      shareholder value over time; and other factors that are discussed in 
      Eagle’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, 
      as amended, and its other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
      Commission. All of such statements are subject to certain risks and 
      uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally 
      beyond Eagle’s control, that could cause actual results to differ 
      materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the 
      forward-looking information and statements. Such risks include, but are 
      not limited to whether Eagle’s management and/or board of directors will 
      be effective in managing Eagle’s business and future growth, whether 
      Eagle will generate earnings and realize long-term value from Ryanodex; 
      whether the FDA will ultimately approve Ryanodex for the treatment of 
      EHS; whether our studies will support the safety and efficacy of 
      Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS, as well as the other risks described 
      in Eagle’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
      forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof, and we 
      do not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate 
      forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the 
      date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any 
      events.



 
Investor Relations for Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.:In-Site 
      Communications, Inc.Lisa M. Wilson, 212-452-2793lwilson@insitecony.com







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Eagle Pharma (EGRX) Reports Positive Results From Pivotal Animal Study Supporting The Efficacy Of RYANODEX For Exertional Heat Stroke  FDA's Woodcock Speaks About One Of The Agency's Most Controversial Decisions  Eagle Pharma (EGRX) Snaps Up Massachusetts' Arsia in $78 Million Deal  After CEO Ouster, Interim Alexion (ALXN) Boss Says "We Need To Move On"  Eagle Pharma (EGRX) Announces Positive Initial Results Of Animal Study Exploring Use Of Ryanodex In MDMA (Ecstasy) Induced Hyperthermia Conducted At NIH Obama's Science Adviser Explains Why A "Science-Savvy" President Matters  Eagle Pharma (EGRX) And Teva (TEVA) Release: Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Establishes Unique J-Code For BENDEKA (Bendamustine Hydrochloride) Injection
  The 5 Best Biopharma CEOs of 2016 Are...  Eagle Pharma (EGRX) Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results  Fibrocell (FCSC) Appoints New Chief Executive Officer    




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Eagle Pharmaceuticals




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 






































Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock As President And Chief Commercial Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock As President And Chief Commercial Officer






Business Wire




Dec 19, 2016 8:00 AM EST













 




























































  Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Eagle" or "the Company") (Nasdaq:EGRX) today announced that David Pernock will join Eagle as President and Chief Commercial Officer, effective January 2017. Mr. Pernock brings vast experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology leadership to the Company. He will be responsible for all commercial strategy and execution for Eagle's growing product portfolio, including the launch of expanded indications for Ryanodex® for Exertional Heat Stroke ("EHS") and drug induced hyperthermia, if approved by the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"). Mr. Pernock will report to Scott Tarriff, Eagle's Chief Executive Officer.  "David has a distinguished track record as a leader in the pharmaceutical sector. During his tenure at GlaxoSmithKline, he brought multiple blockbuster drugs to market and led strategic direction and operational success across diverse businesses, and most recently served as the CEO of a publicly-traded gene therapy biotechnology company. His appointment fortifies our management team and underscores Eagle's commitment to the success of our growing portfolio and the opportunities we see in our pipeline, such as the label expansion of Ryanodex for the treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke, a near-term opportunity, if approved by the FDA. This would be a very significant product launch for the Company, and we are thrilled to have someone of David's caliber to lead its success," stated Scott Tarriff.  "As an Eagle board member, I became deeply familiar with the Company's pipeline and prospects, which led me to make the decision to take this position. This new role reflects my enthusiasm for and confidence in Eagle's future. I look forward to joining the Eagle team to lead the expanded commercial efforts for Ryanodex following approval and multiple additional potential product launches in the future. If approved, Ryanodex for EHS would address the needs of new patient populations for whom no pharmaceutical treatment options are currently available. We view the potential launch of Ryanodex as a very significant opportunity and are committed to allocating the resources required to help ensure a successful commercial launch," added David Pernock  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Three Health-Care Growth Plays
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Invitae and Celgene should do well this year and are attractively priced.



Bret Jensen

Jan 24, 2017 11:00 AM EST
























3 Small-Caps Bucking the Downtrend
News announcements from these companies are supportive of continued strength.



Bret Jensen

Nov 3, 2016 10:06 AM EDT
























3 Small-Caps Bucking the Downtrend
News announcements from these companies is supportive of continued strength.



Bret Jensen

Nov 3, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























How to Play It When the FDA Slams Your Stock
Here are three recent examples of how the patient can profit.



Bret Jensen

Sep 6, 2016 9:00 AM EDT








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


McDonald's Has a Restaurant in Poland That Looks Like the Future of the Golden Arches


Amazon's Earnings Miss, but Nothing Can Stop AWS











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief 
      Commercial Officer - MarketWatch



















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















press release


					Dec. 19, 2016, 8:00 a.m. EST
				
Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief 
      Commercial Officer
-- Experienced commercial leader hired to strengthen anticipated 
      product launches and drive commercial success; Ryanodex label expansion 
      launch to be initial focus, if approved by the FDA --
































WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., Dec 19, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Eagle” or “the Company”)                 

/quotes/zigman/26589186/composite EGRX
-0.81%


 
      today announced that David Pernock will join Eagle as President and 
      Chief Commercial Officer, effective January 2017. Mr. Pernock brings 
      vast experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology leadership to the 
      Company. He will be responsible for all commercial strategy and 
      execution for Eagle’s growing product portfolio, including the launch of 
      expanded indications for Ryanodex® for Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”) 
      and drug induced hyperthermia, if approved by the Food and Drug 
      Administration (“FDA”). Mr. Pernock will report to Scott Tarriff, 
      Eagle’s Chief Executive Officer.


                                        








“David has a distinguished track record as a leader in the 
      pharmaceutical sector. During his tenure at GlaxoSmithKline, he brought 
      multiple blockbuster drugs to market and led strategic direction and 
      operational success across diverse businesses, and most recently served 
      as the CEO of a publicly-traded gene therapy biotechnology company. His 
      appointment fortifies our management team and underscores Eagle’s 
      commitment to the success of our growing portfolio and the opportunities 
      we see in our pipeline, such as the label expansion of Ryanodex for the 
      treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke, a near-term opportunity, if 
      approved by the FDA. This would be a very significant product launch for 
      the Company, and we are thrilled to have someone of David’s caliber to 
      lead its success,” stated Scott Tarriff.


                                        








“As an Eagle board member, I became deeply familiar with the Company’s 
      pipeline and prospects, which led me to make the decision to take this 
      position. This new role reflects my enthusiasm for and confidence in 
      Eagle's future. I look forward to joining the Eagle team to lead the 
      expanded commercial efforts for Ryanodex following approval and multiple 
      additional potential product launches in the future. If approved, 
      Ryanodex for EHS would address the needs of new patient populations for 
      whom no pharmaceutical treatment options are currently available. We 
      view the potential launch of Ryanodex as a very significant opportunity 
      and are committed to allocating the resources required to help ensure a 
      successful commercial launch,” added David Pernock


                                        








David Pernock has been a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since 
      April 2015. Mr. Pernock will relinquish his Eagle Board position 
      effective January 2017, in connection with his new role as President and 
      Chief Commercial Officer.


                                        

About David Pernock









David Pernock is a pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry expert. He 
      has served as a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since April 2015. 
      Mr. Pernock most recently served as Chairman of the Board of Directors 
      and Chief Executive Officer (2010-2017) of Fibrocell                 

/quotes/zigman/87025845/composite FCSC
+0.28%


, an 
      autologous cell and gene therapy company. Previously, he held various 
      positions at GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK), most notably serving as Senior 
      Vice President of Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines (Biologics), Oncology, Acute 
      Care, and HIV Divisions. Mr. Pernock served as President of Reliant 
      Pharmaceuticals when Reliant was acquired by GSK. He was President of 
      SmithKline Beecham-Puerto Rico prior to the GSK merger. Furthermore, Mr. 
      Pernock served as a director of Martek Biosciences Corporation.


                                        

About Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Eagle is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and 
      commercializing injectable products that address the shortcomings, as 
      identified by physicians, pharmacists and other stakeholders, of 
      existing commercially successful injectable products. Eagle’s strategy 
      is to utilize the FDA's 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Additional 
      information is available on the company’s website at         www.eagleus.com
.


                                        

About Ryanodex
®


                                        








Ryanodex (dantrolene sodium) for injectable suspension is indicated for 
      the treatment of malignant hyperthermia (“MH”) in conjunction with 
      appropriate supportive measures, and for the prevention of malignant 
      hyperthermia in patients at high risk.


                                        

Forward-Looking Statements



This press release contains forward-looking information within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as 
      amended and other securities laws. Forward-looking statements are 
      statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “anticipated,” 
      “drive,” “will,” “growing,” “we see,” “near term,” “would,” “lead,” 
      “future,” “potential,” “committed,” and similar expressions are intended 
      to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include 
      statements regarding future events including, but not limited to: the 
      impact, if any, that the appointment of a new officer will have on 
      Eagle’s business; the ability of this new officer to effectively 
      leverage his expertise and experience to expand Eagle’s reach and value; 
      the ability of Eagle to continue to expand its product portfolio as well 
      as to maximize the value of its commercial products; the earnings 
      potential and long-term value of Ryanodex; the safety and efficacy of 
      Ryanodex for the treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”); FDA 
      approval of the use of Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS; difficulties 
      or delays in manufacturing; the availability and pricing of third party 
      sourced products and materials; successful compliance with FDA and other 
      governmental regulations applicable to manufacturing facilities, 
      products and/or businesses; the ability of Eagle to deliver sustained 
      shareholder value over time; and other factors that are discussed in 
      Eagle’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, 
      as amended, and its other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
      Commission. All of such statements are subject to certain risks and 
      uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally 
      beyond Eagle’s control, that could cause actual results to differ 
      materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the 
      forward-looking information and statements. Such risks include, but are 
      not limited to whether Eagle’s management and/or board of directors will 
      be effective in managing Eagle’s business and future growth, whether 
      Eagle will generate earnings and realize long-term value from Ryanodex; 
      whether the FDA will ultimately approve Ryanodex for the treatment of 
      EHS; whether our studies will support the safety and efficacy of 
      Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS, as well as the other risks described 
      in Eagle’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
      forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof, and we 
      do not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate 
      forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the 
      date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any 
      events.        















View source version on businesswire.com:         http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161219005488/en/









SOURCE: Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                                        

Investor Relations for Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.:

In-Site 
      Communications, Inc.        
Lisa M. Wilson, 212-452-2793        
lwilson@insitecony.com









Copyright Business Wire 2016
                    



/quotes/zigman/26589186/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
EGRX




Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
52.94



-0.43
-0.81%




Volume: 975,972
July 27, 2017 4:00p






P/E Ratio8.18
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$812.67 million
Rev. per Employee$2.82M





 









 





/quotes/zigman/87025845/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
FCSC




Fibrocell Science Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
3.58



+0.01
+0.28%




Volume: 73,409
July 27, 2017 4:00p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$52.45 million
Rev. per Employee$14,739





 









 










































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




5:25 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
3:17aFrance's CAC 40 falls 1.1%, dropping further in early Friday trade 
3:07aBarclays falls 1.9% after earnings report 
3:04aBritish Airways parent IAG rises 3.3% after quarterly profit report  
3:03aBritish Airways parent IAG's profit soars
3:03aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,147.97
3:03aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.9% lower at 5,140.76 
3:03aLinde profit slides on restructuring costs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Pernock, David - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































David  Pernock
David Pernock serves as Fibrocell Science Inc.’s Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer. Previously, he held various positions at GlaxoSmithKline, or GSK, most notably serving as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines, Biologics, Oncology, Acute Care and HIV Divisions. Prior to that, Mr. Pernock served as President of Reliant Pharmaceuticals when Reliant was acquired by GSK. He was President of SmithKline Beecham—Puerto Rico prior to the GSK merger. Furthermore, Mr. Pernock served as a director of Martek Biosciences Corporation and is currently a member of the board of directors for Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX). Mr. Pernock holds a B.S. in business administration from Arizona State University.
Related Interviews:Interview with the Chairman and CEO: Fibrocell Science Inc. (NASDAQ:FCSC)April 04, 2016







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief Commercial Officer - New Jersey Business Magazine






Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief Commercial Officer - New Jersey Business Magazine

























































 












Home
About Us

Meet Our Staff
NJBIA
Media Profile


Archives

Issue Archives
Article Archives
Virtual Issue
Special Sections


Subscribe

Annual Subscription
Single Issue
Virtual Issue


AdOps
Media Kit
Young Professionals
Contact Us

 






New Jersey Business | 
973-882-5004

Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin











Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief Commercial Officer - New Jersey Business Magazine

  






Menu








NJB > NJB News Now > Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announc…



Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief Commercial Officer

Dec 19, 2016
No Comments






Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., with an office in Woodcliff Lake, announced that David Pernock will join Eagle as President and Chief Commercial Officer, effective January 2017. Mr. Pernock brings vast experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology leadership to the Company. He will be responsible for all commercial strategy and execution for Eagle’s growing product portfolio, including the launch of expanded indications for Ryanodex® for Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”) and drug induced hyperthermia, if approved by the Food and Drug Administration. Mr. Pernock will report to Scott Tarriff, Eagle’s Chief Executive Officer.
“David has a distinguished track record as a leader in the pharmaceutical sector. During his tenure at GlaxoSmithKline, he brought multiple blockbuster drugs to market and led strategic direction and operational success across diverse businesses, and most recently served as the CEO of a publicly-traded gene therapy biotechnology company. His appointment fortifies our management team and underscores Eagle’s commitment to the success of our growing portfolio and the opportunities we see in our pipeline, such as the label expansion of Ryanodex for the treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke, a near-term opportunity, if approved by the FDA. This would be a very significant product launch for the Company, and we are thrilled to have someone of David’s caliber to lead its success,” stated Scott Tarriff.
“As an Eagle board member, I became deeply familiar with the Company’s pipeline and prospects, which led me to make the decision to take this position. This new role reflects my enthusiasm for and confidence in Eagle’s future. I look forward to joining the Eagle team to lead the expanded commercial efforts for Ryanodex following approval and multiple additional potential product launches in the future. If approved, Ryanodex for EHS would address the needs of new patient populations for whom no pharmaceutical treatment options are currently available. We view the potential launch of Ryanodex as a very significant opportunity and are committed to allocating the resources required to help ensure a successful commercial launch,” added David Pernock
David Pernock has been a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since April 2015. Mr. Pernock will relinquish his Eagle Board position effective January 2017, in connection with his new role as President and Chief Commercial Officer.




Tags: David PernockEagle PharmaceuticalsNew JerseyPharmaceuticalsWoodcliff Lake



					[jetpack-related-posts]
				
				
			 	






New Jersey Business Today  Join our Daily E-News Service  Timely news and information delivered to your inbox at 4:00 p.m. weekdays and at 8:00 a.m. on Saturday morning.	
	


  


NJB News Now


RWJBarnabas Health and Rutgers University Announce New Partn ...

Jul 27, 2017
No Comments



AstraZeneca and Merck Establish Strategic Oncology Collabora ...

Jul 27, 2017
No Comments



Somerset Firm is Named SBA Regional Subcontractor of the Yea ...

Jul 27, 2017
No Comments


More News ›



News Tracker


Amazon Hiring 50K Across US, Including in NJ


NJ.com



If You Build a Warehouse In New Jersey, They Will Come…


NJSpotlight.com



The Senate Agreed to Debate a Health Care Bill. Now What?


NorthJersey.com


More News ›



  


NJBIA Zone



		                    Lt. Gov. Candidates Named by Murphy and Guadagno		                

Jul 27, 2017




		                    NJ Best State for Business Loan Approvals, Online Lending Company Says		                

Jul 27, 2017




		                    NJBIA Honored by ASAE for Influential Outmigration Report		                

Jul 26, 2017


More From NJBIA ›



  


View Virtual Issue
























 






Eagle Pharmaceuticals Appoints David M. Pernock to Its Board of Directors | Eagle Pharmaceuticals Investor Center
































Toggle navigation



Menu








Investors



Login




Eagle Pharmaceuticals Appoints David M. Pernock to Its Board of Directors



    Monday, April 13, 2015 8:00 am EDT  



      Dateline:          




                    WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J.        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NASDAQ:EGRXUS2697961082 







  "We are very        pleased to welcome him to our Board." 



WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX) (“Eagle” or “the Company”), 
      today announced that David M. Pernock, an experienced biotechnology and 
      pharmaceutical executive with over 25 years of industry experience, has 
      been appointed to its Board of Directors effective immediately.
    

      “David Pernock is a proven leader and brings a wealth of knowledge and 
      experience within our industry, which we will look to draw upon as we 
      execute our strategy and drive growth for our shareholders,” commented 
      Scott Tarriff, President and CEO of Eagle Pharmaceuticals. “We are very 
      pleased to welcome him to our Board.”
    

      Mr. Pernock is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of 
      Fibrocell Science, Inc., a biotechnology company developing autologous 
      therapeutics for skin and connective tissue diseases. Prior to 
      Fibrocell, Mr. Pernock held several positions during his 17-year tenure 
      at GlaxoSmithKline, including: Senior Vice President of Pharmaceuticals, 
      Vaccines (Biologics), Oncology, Acute Care, and HIV Divisions; Vice 
      President of Marketing, Pharmaceuticals; Vice President of Sales and 
      Marketing, Oncology; Vice President of Sales; and Vice President of 
      Managed Care. Previously, Mr. Pernock was Vice President of Marketing 
      Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and Schering-Plough Corporation, and Vice 
      President of Sales and Marketing at Key Pharmaceuticals.
    

      In addition to his role as Chairman of the Board of Fibrocell Science, 
      Inc., Mr. Pernock served on the Boards of Martek Biosciences Corporation 
      and the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine.
    

      Mr. Pernock was elected to fill a vacancy on the Board and will serve as 
      a Class I director with a term of office expiring at the Company’s 2015 
      Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
    

About Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


      Eagle is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and 
      commercializing injectable products that address the shortcomings, as 
      identified by physicians, pharmacists and other stakeholders, of 
      existing commercially successful injectable products. Eagle’s strategy 
      is to utilize the FDA's 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Additional 
      information is available on the company’s website at www.eagleus.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains 
      forward-looking information within the meaning of the Private Securities 
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended and other securities laws. 
      Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. 
      Words such as “will,” “may,” “intends,” “anticipate(s),” “plan,” 
      “enables,” “potentially,” “entitles,” and similar expressions are 
      intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements 
      include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future events 
      including, but not limited to: difficulties or delays in manufacturing; 
      the availability and pricing of third party sourced products and 
      materials; successful compliance with FDA and other governmental 
      regulations applicable to manufacturing facilities, products and/or 
      businesses; and other factors that are discussed in Eagle’s Annual 
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014, and its other 
      filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All of 
      such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of 
      which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Eagle’s control, 
      that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
      expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking 
      information and statements. Such risks include, but are not 
      limited to risks described in Eagle’s filings with the U.S. Securities 
      and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue 
      reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the 
      date hereof, and we do not undertake any obligation to revise and 
      disseminate forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
      circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or 
      non-occurrence of any events.





 






      Contact:          




       In-Site Communications, Inc.Lisa M. Wilson, 212-452-2793President     

















NASDAQ: EGRXStock Info    Minimum 20 minute delay.Refresh Data




Investor Center Home
Press Releases
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Analyst Coverage
Investor FAQs
Investor Contacts





Search



Search this site: 











Advanced Search








Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 





 





Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief Commercial OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 5 minsS&P Futures2,463.50-8.50 (-0.34%)Dow Futures21,704.00-39.00 (-0.18%)Nasdaq Futures5,854.00-55.50 (-0.94%)Eagle Pharmaceuticals Announces David Pernock as President and Chief Commercial OfficerBusiness WireDecember 19, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareWOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Eagle” or “the Company”) (EGRX) today announced that David Pernock will join Eagle as President and Chief Commercial Officer, effective January 2017. Mr. Pernock brings vast experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology leadership to the Company. He will be responsible for all commercial strategy and execution for Eagle’s growing product portfolio, including the launch of expanded indications for Ryanodex® for Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”) and drug induced hyperthermia, if approved by the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Mr. Pernock will report to Scott Tarriff, Eagle’s Chief Executive Officer.“David has a distinguished track record as a leader in the pharmaceutical sector. During his tenure at GlaxoSmithKline, he brought multiple blockbuster drugs to market and led strategic direction and operational success across diverse businesses, and most recently served as the CEO of a publicly-traded gene therapy biotechnology company. His appointment fortifies our management team and underscores Eagle’s commitment to the success of our growing portfolio and the opportunities we see in our pipeline, such as the label expansion of Ryanodex for the treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke, a near-term opportunity, if approved by the FDA. This would be a very significant product launch for the Company, and we are thrilled to have someone of David’s caliber to lead its success,” stated Scott Tarriff.“As an Eagle board member, I became deeply familiar with the Company’s pipeline and prospects, which led me to make the decision to take this position. This new role reflects my enthusiasm for and confidence in Eagle's future. I look forward to joining the Eagle team to lead the expanded commercial efforts for Ryanodex following approval and multiple additional potential product launches in the future. If approved, Ryanodex for EHS would address the needs of new patient populations for whom no pharmaceutical treatment options are currently available. We view the potential launch of Ryanodex as a very significant opportunity and are committed to allocating the resources required to help ensure a successful commercial launch,” added David PernockDavid Pernock has been a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since April 2015. Mr. Pernock will relinquish his Eagle Board position effective January 2017, in connection with his new role as President and Chief Commercial Officer.About David PernockDavid Pernock is a pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry expert. He has served as a member of Eagle’s Board of Directors since April 2015. Mr. Pernock most recently served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (2010-2017) of Fibrocell (FCSC), an autologous cell and gene therapy company. Previously, he held various positions at GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK), most notably serving as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines (Biologics), Oncology, Acute Care, and HIV Divisions. Mr. Pernock served as President of Reliant Pharmaceuticals when Reliant was acquired by GSK. He was President of SmithKline Beecham-Puerto Rico prior to the GSK merger. Furthermore, Mr. Pernock served as a director of Martek Biosciences Corporation.About Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Eagle is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing injectable products that address the shortcomings, as identified by physicians, pharmacists and other stakeholders, of existing commercially successful injectable products. Eagle’s strategy is to utilize the FDA's 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Additional information is available on the company’s website at www.eagleus.com.About Ryanodex®Ryanodex (dantrolene sodium) for injectable suspension is indicated for the treatment of malignant hyperthermia (“MH”) in conjunction with appropriate supportive measures, and for the prevention of malignant hyperthermia in patients at high risk.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended and other securities laws. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “anticipated,” “drive,” “will,” “growing,” “we see,” “near term,” “would,” “lead,” “future,” “potential,” “committed,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding future events including, but not limited to: the impact, if any, that the appointment of a new officer will have on Eagle’s business; the ability of this new officer to effectively leverage his expertise and experience to expand Eagle’s reach and value; the ability of Eagle to continue to expand its product portfolio as well as to maximize the value of its commercial products; the earnings potential and long-term value of Ryanodex; the safety and efficacy of Ryanodex for the treatment of Exertional Heat Stroke (“EHS”); FDA approval of the use of Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; the availability and pricing of third party sourced products and materials; successful compliance with FDA and other governmental regulations applicable to manufacturing facilities, products and/or businesses; the ability of Eagle to deliver sustained shareholder value over time; and other factors that are discussed in Eagle’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as amended, and its other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All of such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Eagle’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. Such risks include, but are not limited to whether Eagle’s management and/or board of directors will be effective in managing Eagle’s business and future growth, whether Eagle will generate earnings and realize long-term value from Ryanodex; whether the FDA will ultimately approve Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS; whether our studies will support the safety and efficacy of Ryanodex for the treatment of EHS, as well as the other risks described in Eagle’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof, and we do not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any events.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161219005488/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaFlights To Hawaii Are About To Get SO Much CheaperRefinery29Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredWeWork raised $500 million to expand in ChinaBusiness Insider UKTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersDonald Trump hovers over Melania during a speech as only Trump canAnonymous: I put 32 years in the service -  I find it nearly impossible to feel even an inkling of patriotism when I see this POTUS adorning any military patch or regalia...  He violates his oath, he hates so many classes of people, he does not understand  classified categories mean, he does not know the difference between taking up arms and bullying people or nations... Absolutely relieved that I would not have to put my life on the line for a person who believes there is no line between right and wrong.   God  save and bless America...Join the Conversation1 / 51.6k








