
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 





Jacques Davy Duperron - Wikipedia






















 






Jacques Davy Duperron

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacques Du Perron)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Jacques Davy Duperron


Jacques Davy Duperron (15 November 1556 – 6 December 1618) was a French politician and Roman Catholic cardinal.



Contents


1 Family and Education
2 Career under Henri III
3 Career under Henri IV
4 Cardinal du Perron
5 References
6 Bibliography



Family and Education[edit]
Jacques Davy du Perron was born in Saint-Lô in Normandy,[1] into the Davy family, of the Norman minor nobility, in the branch "Davy du Perron" after a property near St. Lô (in French his name is spelled Jacques Davy du Perron). He is never referred to as "Davy", and he usually signs his documents "Du Perron". The spelling "Duperron" is almost certainly wrong.
His father Julien was a physician, who, on embracing the doctrines of the Reformation, became a Protestant minister;[2] his mother was Ursine Le Cointe, daughter of Guillaume Le Cointe, sieur de Tot et d' Héranville en Cotenin.[3] During the siege of Rouen in 1562 by the troops of King Charles IX, Julien his father was arrested and imprisoned in Old Palais in Rouen.[4] Ursine and her two children escaped through the royal lines and eventually was reunited with her husband in Bas Normandie. To escape persecution the family settled at Bern, in Switzerland. There Jacques received his education, being taught Latin and mathematics by his father, and learning Greek and Hebrew[5] and the philosophy then in vogue, Aristotelianism, as well as that of Thomas Aquinas and that of the Calvinist favorite, St. Augustine of Hippo.[6]
During the disorders following the St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre (August 23–24, 1572, in Paris, and a month later in Normandy), the family fled to the Island of Jersey, which was under Protestant English control.[7]
Career under Henri III[edit]
Returning to Normandy, du Perron's existence and his talents were drawn to the attention of a courtier who was visiting General Jacques of Matignon, the Governor of Normandy. This courtier, named Lancosme, took du Perron along with him when he returned to Blois,[8] where the new King, Henri III, was residing.[9] He was presented to the King one evening during dinner, where he acquitted himself well both in speaking and in answering questions posed by the King's attendants.
After he had abjured Protestantism, by 1578 probably, he was again presented by Philippe Desportes, abbot of Tiron, as a young man without equal for knowledge and talent. He was appointed Reader to the King by Henri III [Lecteur de la chambre du Roy].[10] In 1578 he is also mentioned as Professeur du Roy aux langues, aux mathematiques, et en la philosophie.[11] He was commanded to preach before the king at the convent of Vincennes (1585), when the success of his sermon on the love of God,[12] and of a funeral oration on the poet Ronsard (on February 24, 1586, after dinner),[13] induced him to take orders. On the death of Mary, Queen of Scots (February 8, 1587), he was chosen by the King to compose a poem in her honor and about her fate.[14]
Career under Henri IV[edit]
On the death of Henry III (August 2, 1589), after having supported for some time the cardinal de Bourbon, the head of the league against the king, Du Perron eventually became a faithful servant of Henry IV. On February 13, 1590, however, he found himself compelled to write directly to the King, begging him not to believe the many calumnies of him being spread about by his enemies.[15] On December 11, 1591, du Perron was appointed by the King bishop of Évreux.[16] The Pope finally approved of the appointment at a Consistory on Monday, December 11, 1595.[17] He was finally consecrated in Rome on December 27, 1595, by Cardinal François de Joyeuse; the co-consecrators were Archbishop Guillaume d'Avançon of Embrun and Anne d'Escars de Givry, bishop of Lisieux.[18] On November 4, 1596, he was one of those who attended the Assemblée des Notables at Rouen.[19] He and Marechal de Matignon represented Normandy in the Third Chamber.
He instructed Henry in the Catholic religion; and in 1594 was sent to Rome with secretary Denis-Simon de Marquemont, where with the help of Abbé Arnaud d'Ossat (1536–1604), later Cardinal d'Ossat (1599-1604), they obtained Henry's absolution from the status of relapsed heretic.[20] Du Perron and d'Ossat performed the act of abjuration of Henri's heresy on the steps of St. Peter's Basilica on September 17, 1595,[21] thereby ending six years of controversy over the status of France and its King in the eyes of the Papacy. He departed Rome on March 28, 1596. On his return to his diocese, Du Perron's zeal and eloquence were largely instrumental in withstanding the progress of Calvinism, and among others he converted Henry Sponde, who became bishop of Pamiers, and the Swiss general Sancy. At the conference at Fontainebleau in 1600 he argued with much eloquence and ingenuity against Du Plessis Mornay (1549–1623).
Cardinal du Perron[edit]
On June 9, 1604, the Bishop of Évreux was created a cardinal by Pope Clement VIII, at the request of King Henri IV. In a letter of June 17, 1604, King Henri IV was able to inform the Bishop that the Pope had indeed named him a cardinal.[22] His red had was bestowed personally by the King in a public assembly at Fontainebleau. His speech of thanks to the King on that occasion survives.[23] He then set out for Rome to partake in the ceremonies of his elevation; he was sent to Rome, departing Fontainebleau on October 29, 1604, as chargé d'affaires de France.[24] His instructions from Henri IV required him to hold conversations with the Duke of Savoy and the Duke of Tuscany along the way.[25] He and the Grand Duke discussed, among other things, possible candidates for the Papacy in the next Conclave, most especially the Great-grand nephew of Leo X, Cardinal Alessandro de' Medici, Archbishop of Florence and Bishop of Palestrina.[26] Cardinal de'Medici was well known in the French Court, since he had been Legatus a latere in France (1596-1598). Henry also sent along general instructions for the French Cardinals in Rome, anticipating a vacancy in the Papal throne.[27] Cardinal du Perron made his solemn entry into Rome on December 18.[28] In the Consistory of January 7, 1605, he was named Cardinal Priest of the church of S. Agnese in Agone, in the Piazza Navona (not the current baroque church, which was not begun until 1652).
Immediately upon his appointment, Clement VIII found important work for du Perron in Rome. The Pope had formed a special commission, the Congregation de auxiliis, the chairmanship of which he retained for himself. But he appointed Cardinal du Perron to the Congregation. The purpose of this commission was to investigate and decide upon the work of the Jesuit theologian Luis de Molina, which had raised the acute question of God's Providence and human free will. Du Perron attended his first session on January 21.[29]
When Clement VIII died on Thursday, March 3, 1605, the Congregation was suspended, and du Perron found himself involved in his first Conclave. Although he was not the leader of the French faction, he contributed loyally, after the failure of the candidacies of Cardinals Baronius and Seraphin, to the election of the King's candidate, Cardinal de' Medici, Leo XI, to the papal throne.[30] Du Perron sent off a long letter to Henri IV, reporting the day-to-day movements inside the Conclave in great detail.[31] On the death of Leo XI only twenty-four days later, du Perron participated in the election of Cardinal Camillo Borghese[32] as Paul V. At the conclusion of the Coronation festivities, Cardinal du Perron wrote a report of the Conclave for Henri IV.[33]
After his election, Paul V decided to continue the Congregation de auxiliis, and therefore du Perron was one of the Judges who began meeting again on September 14, 1605. He complained in a letter to Henri IV that he was constrained to read everything that had been published on the question during the previous eight or nine years. Although he appeared to work well with Cardinal Robert Bellarmine, SJ, in presenting the positions of Molinism fairly, du Perron's repeated counsel was not to take any decisions on the basic issues of the matter. Du Perron, after all, had strong Augustinian tendencies, which tended to make Molina's positions uncongenial. Even when he had returned to France in 1607, the Jesuits kept attempting to draw him into their circle, but without success.[34]
But, while du Perron was still in Rome, Pope Paul V decided to pick a quarrel with the Serene Republic of Venice, over its conduct in exercising its sovereign rights. The Venetian government had passed a law against alienation of property in favor of the Church, and another requiring governmental approval for the building of new churches. In addition, there was the very old argument over the exemption of the clergy from civil court jurisdiction. On April 17, 1606, Pope Paul launched a bull against Venice, imposing an interdict on all the territories belonging to the Serenissima. This was certain to lead to war, and would very likely excite the greed of Spain for additional territory in Lombardy.[35] King Henri IV, wishing to prevent this, proposed mediation between the Pope and Venice, and offered Cardinal de Joyeuse and Cardinal du Perron as mediators. The status of the Jesuits, who supported the papal interdict, became the main sticking point; the Venetians wanted them gone. Finally, due to the forceful persuasion of Cardinal de Joyeuse (du Perron claimed to be ill), the Pope gave way, the edict was withdrawn, and the crisis averted. Nonetheless, for the work that he had done, the Republic offered du Perron its thanks.[36]
In 1606, while still in Rome, du Perron was appointed archbishop of Sens by the King, an act approved by Pope Paul V in Consistory on October 9, 1606.[37] Like his predecessor at Sens, he became Primate of the Gauls and Germany, and Grand Almoner of the King of France (which also made him President of the Bibliothèque du Roi, which at that time was located at Fontainebleau). He was also ex officio the director of the College Royal. The King also appointed him Commander of the Order of the Holy Spirit.[38] Du Perron began his return to France in the Autumn of 1607. He was received by the Grand Duke of Tuscany in Florence, who wrote to King Henri in praise of du Perron on September 21. He visited Cardinal Giustiniani in Bologna, and then went to Venice, from which he wrote to the King on October 5. He then passed on toward France by way of Milan. After his return from Rome, he was present continually at the Royal Court for more than a year. He did not take possession of his throne in the Cathedral of Sens until October 26, 1608.[39] After the death of Henry IV in 1610 he took an active part in the states-general of 1614, when he vigorously upheld the ultramontane doctrines against the Third Estate.
He died on Wednesday, September 5, 1618, at the age of 63. His viscera were entombed in the Jesuit church of Saint-Louis in Paris, while his body was buried in the Choir of his cathedral in Sens.
References[edit]



^ Feret, p. 2 and n. 2. Some older authors, however, place his birth at Berne in Switzerland, to which his father Julien had retreated due to religious persecution. See e.g. André Pralard, Bibliothèque des auteurs ecclesiastiques du dix-septième siècle I (Paris 1708), p. 75; and Jean-Lévesque de Burigny, Vie du Cardinal du Perron (Paris 1768, p. 5.
^ De Burginy, p. 6, calls attention to a letter from the Sorbonne to Pope Clement VIII on September 2, 1594, which calles Julien du Perron a minister.
^ C. Hippeau, Les écrivains normands au XVIIe siècle (Caen 1858), p. 2.
^ "La vie de l' illusstrisime Cardinal du Perron", in Les divers Oeuvres de l' illustrissime Cardinal du Perron seconde edition (Paris 1629), p. 14.
^ Feret, p. 3.
^ La vie de l' illusstrisime Cardinal du Perron", in Les divers Oeuvres de l' illustrissime Cardinal du Perron seconde edition (Paris 1629), p. 17-18.
^ Feret, p. 4.
^ This is the version followed by Pralard, Bibliothèque des auteurs ecclesiastiques, p. 76. A different scenario is given by Burigny (pp. 12-13), who states that du Perron was taken to Blois by the Marechal de Matignon, who was going there to attend the Estates General. The Estates General met from December 2, 1576 to March 1, 1577, at the palace at Blois.
^ "La vie de l' illustrissime Cardinal du Perron", in Les divers Oeuvres, pp. 15-16. Feret, p. 5.
^ Les Divers Oeuvres de l' illustrissime Cardinal du Perron (Paris 1629) p. 581, and elsewhere.
^ Feret, p. 7.
^ Les Diverses Oeuvres de l'illustrissime cardinal Du Perron seconde edition (Paris, 1629), pp. 533-580.
^ Les Diverses Oeuvres de l'illustrissime cardinal Du Perron seconde edition (Paris, 1629), pp. 649-676.
^ "La vie de l' illusstrisime Cardinal du Perron", in Les divers Oeuvres de l' illustrissime Cardinal du Perron seconde edition (Paris 1629), p. 20. Feret, pp. 14-15, points out that the solemn memorial service took place at Notre Dame on March 13, 1587, and that the Archbishop of Bourges, Renaud de Beaune, preached the funeral oration. De Thou, Histoires Book 86, chapter 16, confirms that du Perron was commissioned to write a poem.
^ César de Ligny, Les ambassades et negotiations de L' Illustrissime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron (Paris: Pierre Lamy 1633), pp. 1-3.
^ G. van Gulik and C. Eubel, Hierarchia catholica edition altera (Monasterii 1923), p. 190. Gallia christiana XI (Paris 1759), pp. 613-616.
^ A. N. Amelot de la Houssaie (ed.), Letres du Cardinal d'Ossat, Letre XLII a Monsieur de Villeroy (December 18, 1585), pp. 188-192, at p. 190.
^ Gallia christiana XI (Paris 1759), p. 615.
^ Theodore Godefroy and Denys Godefroy, Le Ceremonial françois II (Paris 1649), p. 383 and 385. Jacques-Auguste de Thou, Histoire de son temps, Liber CXVII
^ Du Perron's letters to Henri IV, announcing successful completion of negotiations, September 2, 1595, and absolution from excommunication, September 17, 1595, in Les Diverses Oeuvres de l'illustrissime cardinal Du Perron seconde edition (Paris, 1629), pp. 858-860. D'Ossat, distinctly the second figure, is mentioned in a letter to the King at p. 861.
^ Lorenzo Cardella, Memorie de' cardinali della Santa Romana Chiesa VI (Roma 1793), p. 102.
^ Feret, pp. 293-294. Du Perron is called "Mon cousin" for the first time.
^ Les Diverses Oeuvres de l'illustrissime cardinal Du Perron seconde edition (Paris, 1629), pp. 869-870.
^ Pierre La Croix, Mémoire historique sur les institutions de la France à Rome (2nd edition par Jean Arnaud) (Rome 1892) p. 155.
^ Recueil des lettres missives de Henri IV IV, p. 328.
^ De Ligny, Les ambassades et negotiations de l' Illustrissime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron, p. 540.
^ Instructions for Cardinal de Joyeuse, de Givry, de Sourdis, Seraphin, and du Perron. The King had his own distinct opinions as to whom he favored: "Ceux au contraire que je desire favoriser et promouvoir sont les cardinaux de Florence [Medici], de Veronne [Valier], Sauli, Cossenze, Camerino [Pierbenedetti], Baronio et Séraphin [Olivier]."
^ Burigny, Vie du Cardinal du Perron, p. 220-221.
^ Burigny, pp. 228-233. Clement was hostile to Molinism, and it was said that he was preparing a bull against it.
^ The Sede Vacante and Conclave of March 3-April 1, 1605
^ De Ligny, Les ambassades et negotiations de L' Illustrisime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron (Paris 1633), pp. 578-638.
^ The Sede Vacante and Conclave of April 27-May 16, 1605
^ De Ligny, Les ambassades et negotiations de L' Illustrisime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron (Paris 1633), pp. 673-679.
^ Burigny, pp. 233-239.
^ In his letter to King Henri of April 18, du Perron remarks that the Papal Court was in an uproar. The Cardinals who were at the Consistory were all in favor of the Pope's bull but two. The courtiers, however, were of a different opinion ... que jamais chose ne leur vint si mal à propos, qui feroit maintenant un trouble en Italie, où leur reputation est si abaissé, leur credit si decheu, leurs moyens si épuisez, leur domination si odieuse qu' il n' est presques pas croyable. César de Ligny, Les ambassades et negotiations de L' Illustrissime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron (Paris: Pierre Lamy 1633), pp. 863-867.
^ Burigny, pp. 243-248.
^ P. Gauchat, Hierarchia catholica IV (Monasterii 1935), p. 313.
^ Burginy, p. 254.
^ Feret, p. 295. Gallia christiana XII (Paris 1770), 96-99.



Bibliography[edit]




Les ambassades et negotiations de L' Illustrisime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron - Skoklosters slott



 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Duperron, Jacques Davy". Encyclopædia Britannica. 8 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 686. 
Les Diverses Œuvres de l'illustrissime cardinal Du Perron (Paris, 1622) (second edition, augmented, Paris: Antoine Estiene, 1629).
César de Ligny, Les ambassades et negotiations de L' Illustrisime et Reverendissime Cardinal du Perron (Paris: Pierre Lamy 1633).
Jean-Lévesque de Burigny, Vie du Cardinal du Perron, Archevêque de Sens et Grand-Aumônier de France (Paris: De Bure 1768).
Pierre Feret, Le Cardinal Du Perron (Paris, 1876).
newadvent.org The article was written by Charles Dubray.




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jacques Du Perron.





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 22159293
LCCN: n50074504
ISNI: 0000 0001 2123 6301
GND: 118672800
SUDOC: 028586174
BNF: cb120392285 (data)
ULAN: 500354034
BNE: XX911086










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jacques_Davy_Duperron&oldid=776879723"					
Categories: 1556 births1618 deathsPeople from Saint-Lô16th-century French poets17th-century French poetsFrench cardinalsArchbishops of SensBishops of Évreux16th-century Roman Catholic archbishopsRecipients of the Order of the Holy SpiritHidden categories: Wikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceWikipedia articles incorporating text from the 1911 Encyclopædia BritannicaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisItalianoمازِرونیPortuguêsکوردیSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 April 2017, at 21:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Jacques Perron - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jacques Perron
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Thompson Creek Metals


View Full Profile
Are you Jacques Perron? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jacques Perron's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jacques Perron's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jacques Perron's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jacques Perron through your network of contacts.
												








Jacques Perron's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Thompson Creek Metals


Past
To view Jacques Perron's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Jacques Perron's Biography



Mr. Jacques Perron joined the Board of Directors of the Corporation in December 2016. He has worked in the mining industry for more than 32 years and has extensive technical and operations experience. Mr. Perron was President and CEO of Thompson Creek Metals where he oversaw the start-up and ramp up of Mount Milligan mine, the transformation of the molybdenum business, the significant improvement of the safety culture and lead the process to address the debt situation that resulted in the transaction with Centerra Gold. Mr. Perron held a variety of increasingly senior management positions with St Andrew Goldfields Ltd., Cameco Inc., Placer Do ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Jacques Perron joined the Board of Directors of the Corporation in December 2016. He has worked in the mining industry for more than 32 years and has extensive technical and operations experience. Mr. Perron was President and CEO of Thompson Creek Metals where he oversaw the start-up and ramp up of Mount Milligan mine, the transformation of the molybdenum business, the significant improvement of the safety culture and lead the process to address the debt situation that resulted in the transaction with Centerra Gold. Mr. Perron held a variety of increasingly senior management positions with St Andrew Goldfields Ltd., Cameco Inc., Placer Dome Canada Limited, Breakwater Resources Ltd., Cambior Inc., JS Redpath Ltd. and Noranda Inc. He has also been a director of the Canadian Mineral Industry Education Foundation since 2007. Mr. Perron has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from l'Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal.
		
Source: Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd. on 05/25/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jacques Perron's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jacques Perron. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jacques Perron's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jacques Perron's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jacques Perron through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jacques Perron


















Jacques Perron's Connections (30)





Sign up now to view Jacques Perron's 30 connections »









Carol T. Banducci
Board Member, Thompson Creek Metals









Louis P. Gignac
Board Member, Domtar Corporation









Timothy J. Haddon
Chairman, Thompson Creek Metals









David M. Petroff
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Jaguar Mining Inc.









Warren S. Seyffert
Former Lead Independent Director, Teck Resources Limited









Duncan Middlemiss
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, St Andrew Goldfields Ltd.









Ben Au
Former Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Finance and Administration, St Andrew Goldfields Ltd.









Michael Michaud
Former Vice President, Exploration, San Gold Corporation









Marc-Andre Pelletier
Former General Manager, St Andrew Goldfields Ltd.









James P. Geyer
Board Member, Thompson Creek Metals








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




























Valeurs Et Choix En Éducation by Perron Jacques - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





Valeurs Et Choix En Éducation by Perron Jacques

You Searched For:

Author:
perron jacques
, 

Title:
valeurs et choix en éducation

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 3) of 3







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (3)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 

New Books


Used Books


Binding



All Bindings 

Hardcover


Softcover


Collectible Attributes


First Edition


Signed Copy


Dust Jacket


Seller-Supplied Images


Not Printed On Demand


Bookseller Location


All Locations


Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up


and up



  (1)      

 



Search Within These Results:



























            Stock Image
    








Valeurs et Choix En Éducation

Perron , Jacques


              Published by
              Ed. Edisem, St- Hyacinthe
(1981)


ISBN 10: 2891300637
ISBN 13: 9782891300636



Used
Couv Souple

Quantity Available: 1

From: Bertrand Tremblay (Montreal, QC, Canada)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 15.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 6.00

      From Canada to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Ed. Edisem, St- Hyacinthe, 1981. Couv Souple. Book Condition: Comme Neuf. 225 pages. léger pli sur la couverture. Cet ouvrage se caractérise d'abord par une analyse très documentée de la notion de valeur en psychologie, par une présentation détaillée d'un instrument typiquement québécois destiné à la mesure des valeurs d'éducation et par une série de résultats expérimentaux sur la typologie de Holland et sur les valeurs d'éducation des étudiants de niveau secondaire et collégial. Il est destiné à ceux et celles qui étudient ou pratiquent la psychologie et l'orientation ainsi qu'aux enseignants et aux administrateurs scolaires intéressés par le phénomène des valeurs en éducation. Size: 6" 3/4 - 9 "3/4.  Bookseller Inventory # 032097

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.





















Valeurs et choix en éducation

Perron, Jacques


              Published by
              Edisem, Saint Hyacinthe (Quebec)
(1981)



Used
Couverture souple

Quantity Available: 1

From: CARON   Bibliopole  /  Bouquiniste (Montreal, QC, Canada)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 13.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 9.00

      From Canada to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Edisem, Saint Hyacinthe (Quebec), 1981. Couverture souple. Book Condition: État convenable. 225 p. Retiré d'une bibliothèque. Cachet masqué. Size: In 4.  Bookseller Inventory # 18191

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.


















            Stock Image
    








Valeurs et Choix En Éducation

Jacques Perron


              Published by
              Edisem Inc, St-Hyacinthe, Québec
(1981)


ISBN 10: 2891300637
ISBN 13: 9782891300636



Used
Couverture souple

Quantity Available: 1

From: Librairie Le Nord (Hearst, ON, Canada)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 12.32

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 12.00

      From Canada to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Edisem Inc, St-Hyacinthe, Québec, 1981. Couverture souple. Book Condition: Very Good. Pas de jaquette. 225 pages. 18 X 25.5 cm. Exemplaire jauni légèrement.  Bookseller Inventory # 009636

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.



 
 


Results (1 - 3) of 3







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×




















