Peters & Co. Limited - Welcome





















Research Publications Login





















Forgot my password



















46
Peters & Co. is a full service investment dealer that has specialized in the Canadian oil and natural gas, midstream, and oilfield services industries for over 46 years.






Peters & Co. Limited 2016 Energy Conference September 13-15, 2016
                
















Generate an IIROC AdvisorReport















Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement



 


Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document 


 






© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 •
				info@petersco.com












Peters & Co. Limited - Peters & Co. Corporate Calendar


















Related Links  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us




						

						Research Publications Login

						



 




 








Forgot my Password 











































                  	                        
						Please note that attendance at Peters & Co. events listed below is by invitation only. For further information on any of these Peters & Co. events, please contact Holly Chudzy at (403) 261-2200, or by e-mail at hchudzy@petersco.com.
						


2017


January 2017
February 2017
March 2017


Monday, January 2. In lieu of New Year's Day on Sunday, January 1st. Markets are closed.
Monday, February 20. Family Day. Markets are closed.
 


Wednesday, January 18 - Friday, January 20. Peters & Co. Limited Energy Conference at the Chateau Lake Louise. Attendance is by invitation, and for our institutional and corporate clients only.
 
 


April 2017
May 2017
June 2017


Friday, April 14. Good Friday. Markets are closed.
Monday, May 22. Victoria Day. Markets are closed.
 


July 2017
August 2017
September 2017


Monday, July 3. In lieu of Canada Day on Saturday, July 1st. Markets are closed.
Monday, August 7. Civic Day. Markets are closed.
Monday, September 4. Labour Day. Markets are closed.


Friday, July 7. Firewater Friday. Attendance is by invitation only.
 
Tuesday, September 12 - Thursday, September 14. Peters & Co. Limited 2017 Energy Conference, Ritz-Carlton, Toronto. Attendance is by invitation only.


October 2017
November 2017
December 2017


Monday, October 9. Thanksgiving Day. Markets are closed.
 
Monday, December 25. Christmas Day. Markets are closed.


 
 
Tuesday, December 26. Boxing Day. Markets are closed.


2016


January 2016
February 2016
March 2016


Friday, January 1. New Year's Day. Markets are closed.
Monday, February 15. Family Day. Markets are closed.
 


Wednesday, January 20 - Friday, January 22. Peters & Co. Limited Energy Conference at the Chateau Lake Louise. Attendance is by invitation, and for our institutional and corporate clients only.
 
Friday, March 25. Good Friday. Markets are closed.


April 2016
May 2016
June 2016


 
Monday, May 23. Victoria Day. Markets are closed.
 


July 2016
August 2016
September 2016


Friday, July 1. Canada Day. Markets are closed.
Monday, August 1. Civic Day. Markets are closed.
Monday, September 5. Labour Day. Markets are closed.


 
 
Tuesday, September 13 - Thursday, September 15. Peters & Co. Limited 2016 Energy Conference, Ritz-Carlton, Toronto. Attendance is by invitation only.


October 2016
November 2016
December 2016


Monday, October 10. Thanksgiving Day. Markets are closed.
 
Monday, December 26. In lieu of Christmas Day. Markets are closed.


 
 
Tuesday, December 27. In lieu of Boxing Day. Markets are closed.









Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement







Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document








© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 • info@petersco.com











Peters & Co. Limited - Company Overview - Biographies - Corporate Finance


















Related Links  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us




						

						Research Publications Login

						



 




 








Forgot my Password 





























Corporate Finance



Christopher S. Potter, CFA
								President & Chief Executive Officer
cpotter@petersco.com


Education
								B. Comm., University of Calgary, 1994; Chartered Financial Analyst, 1999. 
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 1994. Past Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Alberta Children's Hospital Foundation (and a Board member since 2008); Named one of "Alberta's 50 Most Influential People for 2014"; A 2007 recipient of Canada's Top 40 under 40.
 
								






Cameron E. Plewes, CA, CFA, CBV
								Managing Director, Corporate Finance
cplewes@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm., University of Calgary, 1993; Chartered Accountant, 1996; Chartered Financial Analyst, 2002; Chartered Business Valuator, 2003.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business since 1997; with Peters & Co. Limited since 2003. Formerly Vice President with Red Tree Capital (1998-2003), Research Analyst with Sprott Securities Inc. (1997-1998), and Manager with KPMG LLP (1994-1997). 
 								






J.G. (Jeff) Lawson
								Principal & Director, Corporate Finance
jlawson@petersco.com


Education
								LL.B., University of Alberta, 1993.
 								
Experience
								Joined Peters & Co. Limited in January 2009. Jeff is a Principal & Director in the Corporate Finance group, and is a member of the firm's Executive Committee. Prior, he was a partner in the law firm of Burnet, Duckworth & Palmer LLP, with a focus on merger and acquisition activities and corporate finance. Jeff has served on the board of directors of a number of public issuers, private companies and certain charitable organizations.  He is currently the Chair of the President's Think Tank for the University of Alberta, member of the Advisory Committee for the Faculty of Law at the University of Alberta, on the Board of Governors of the Calgary Petroleum Club, and a member of the Financial Sector Advisory Committee for Calgary Economic Development.							
							






Shane R. Hutzal
								Principal
shutzal@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), University of Calgary, 2005 (Silver Medalist); passed the Chartered Financial Analyst Level II exam.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business since 2005; with Peters & Co. Limited since 2008. Formerly Senior Analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. (2005-2007). Oil and gas industry experience includes Roughneck with Kinnell Drilling Ltd. and Drilling Technologist with Noyes Engineering and Supervision Ltd.  
								






Callum J. Moore
								Principal
cmoore@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), University of Calgary, 2010.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2010. 
								






Benjamin M. Gazdic, CFA
								Associate
bgazdic@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), McGill University, 2010; Chartered Financial Analyst, 2016.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2012.
								






Alex J. Mirecki
								Associate
amirecki@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), University of Alberta, 2013; passed the Chartered Financial Analyst Level II exam.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2014.
								






Haley K. Talbot, CFA
								Associate
htalbot@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), University of Calgary, 2012; Chartered Financial Analyst, 2016.   
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2012. 
								






Stephanie Blais
								Analyst
sblais@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), University of Calgary, 2016.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2016. 
								






Marc Boulanger
								Analyst
mboulanger@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. (Finance), University of Calgary, 2016.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2016. 
								






Paul Ellis
								Analyst
pellis@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Accounting), University of Alberta, 2015; passed the Chartered Financial Analyst Level I exam.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2015. 
								






Olga Rechytska
								Analyst
orechytska@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Finance), University of Calgary, 2017; passed the Chartered Financial Analyst Level I exam. 
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2017. 
								





Property Acquisitions & Divestitures


Scott A. Johnston, P.Eng.
								Principal, A&D
sjohnston@petersco.com


Education
								B.Sc. (Chemical Engineering), University of Calgary, 2009; Professional Engineer 2012.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business since 2013; with Peters & Co. Limited since 2017. Formerly Vice President, A&D Advisory at a Canadian bank-owned dealer (2013-2017). Prior experience to the investment business was focused in upstream oil and gas engineering roles with ConocoPhillips, Bonavista Energy, and Devon Energy (2007-2013).
 								





Franklin P. Eldridge
								Associate, A&D
feldridge@petersco.com


Education
								B.Comm. with Distinction (Petroleum Land Management), University of Calgary, 2007; MBA, Queens University, 2011.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2011. Formerly A&D Land Negotiator at Encana Corporation in the Canadian Division (2007-2011). While at Encana, responsibilities included the drafting, management and execution of acquisition and divestiture transactions, personally closing deals worth over a total of $1 billion. 
 								





Joseph B. Lee, P. Eng.
								Engineer, A&D
jlee@petersco.com


Education
								B.Sc. (Chemical Engineering), University of Alberta, 2003; passed the Chartered Financial Analyst Level II exam.  
								
Experience
								In the investment business with Peters & Co. Limited since 2016. Formerly Evaluation Engineer with Sproule Associates Limited (2014-2016). Other industry experience includes Research Associate with AltaCorp Capital, various engineering capacities at PennWest Petroleum, and Process Engineer with Fluor Canada Ltd. 
 								



























Management Committee
Corporate Finance
Research
Institutional Sales
Trading
Private Client Sales
Treasury, Operations & IT





















Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement







Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document








© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 • info@petersco.com











Peters & Co. Limited - Acquisitions & Divestitures - Advisory Services




















Related Links  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us




						

						Research Publications Login

						



 




 








Forgot my Password 























 
        Our team of A&D professionals has extensive technical and advisory experience and provides a range of services that have proven successful in virtually every aspect of oil and natural gas asset acquisitions and divestitures. Our processes are designed to provide clients with insightful, personalized and efficient services including:
        


Identifying and evaluating upside
Creating effective marketing documentation and strategies
Finding qualified and motivated buyers
Advising on deal strategy and expected value
Providing full state-of-the-art physical and virtual data room support




        Our A&D team has significant experience across both conventional and unconventional oil and natural gas play types. Our processes are designed to fit client needs and timelines, offering a full range of capabilities required to effectively identify, evaluate, document and communicate the full potential of an asset base.

        Our A&D team takes full advantage of the expertise and knowledge of the Corporate Finance team of Peters & Co., working closely together as appropriate during all stages of a transaction. Our A&D processes are highly effective in maximizing asset value and achieving the best possible outcome for our clients.








Recent Asset A&D Transactions:

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010


2017







2016








2015










2014















2013


















2012























2011








2010












Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement







Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document








© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 • info@petersco.com











Peters & Co. Limited - Conflicts of Interest Statement



















Related Links  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us




						

						Research Publications Login

						



 




 








Forgot my Password 



























						Actual, potential, and perceived conflicts of interest exist in almost all human interactions. Our relationship with you is no different. We have a legal responsibility to maximize economic benefit for our shareholders and other stakeholders, as well as an obligation to adhere to the highest ethical standards in our dealings with our clients. We believe the best way to achieve our goal is to provide you with trusted advice and personalized financial solutions that help you achieve your financial goals in order to retain your continued patronage and encourage you to recommend our services and products to others.


Peters & Co. Limited is what is referred to as an “integrated” investment firm since we provide a broad range of corporate finance, research, institutional trading and retail client services and products. We recognize that, by definition, we are more susceptible to conflicts of interest than many other commercial activities since we may regularly represent both sides to a transaction, namely, the buyer and the seller.


You can learn more about our firm at www.petersco.com.


 
The general types of conflicts of interest which can arise are:
	
Conflicts of interest between you and us,
Conflicts of interest between you and our other clients, and
Conflicts of interest between us and our related and associated companies.


As an investment dealer, we are a financial intermediary. As is the common practice in the brokerage industry, sometimes we may be the party on the other side of the transaction (referred to as a “principal” trade) where we own the security we sell to you. On other occasions, we simply facilitate a transaction between you as our client and a third party on the other side of the transaction through an “agency” trade where we have no ownership interest in the security traded. In still other cases, we advise an issuer of securities on how to best raise funds by selling securities, while contemporaneously recommending that our clients buy those same securities.

Management of Conflicts of Interest

In general, we deal with and manage relevant conflicts as follows:
	
Avoidance: This includes avoiding conflicts that are prohibited by law as well as conflicts that cannot effectively be addressed.
Control: We manage acceptable conflicts through means such as physically separating different business functions and restricting the internal exchange of information.
Disclosure: By providing you with information about conflicts, you are able to assess independently their significance when evaluating our recommendations and any actions we take.


Our goal is to address conflicts in a fair, equitable and transparent manner, consistent with the best interest of our clients. We will try to avoid conflict where possible, and in all other cases either disclose the conflict, or manage it through internal controls and review processes. Conflicts deemed too significant to be addressed through controls or disclosures must be avoided. Disclosures will be made in a timely, meaningful and prominent manner.


The following information is intended to assist you in understanding and assessing material potential and actual conflicts of interest, including how we address them. This is an overview of a complex subject. Despite that, we believe the simplest control is the most effective – your continued satisfaction and patronage. If you ever have any questions or concerns, whether they involve conflicts of interest or anything else, you should never hesitate to say so and ask your advisor for an explanation and more information.

More Information

Canada has comprehensive and extensive securities regulatory rules and regulations, many of which are directed at protecting client and investor interests, including dealing with conflicts of interest. We suggest that you refer to the websites and publications of the provincial securities commissions through the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) and Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC) for more information on how Canadian securities regulations address conflicts of interest in order to safeguard the investing public.


We document our core values and standards, including general standards for how we deal with conflicts of interest. These are outlined in the tables that follow.
 

Note that we currently have no related or connected issuers, as stated in our Statement of Related Issuers, as follows:

The securities laws of the Canadian Provinces require securities dealers and advisors, when they trade in or advise with respect to their own securities or securities of certain other issuers to which they or certain other parties related to them, are related or connected, to do so only in accordance with particular disclosure and other rules. These rules require dealers, and advisors, prior to trading with or advising their customers or clients, to inform them of the relevant relationships and connections with the issuer of the securities. Clients and customers should refer to the applicable provisions of these securities laws for the particulars of these rules and their rights or consult with a legal adviser. Peters & Co. Limited currently is not related or connected to any such issuer of securities.


This Statement of Related Issuers will be updated in the event that Peters & Co. Limited should ever become related or connected to any issuers requiring disclosure, and such documentation will be available in this Conflicts of Interest Statement.  This Conflicts of Interest Statement will be updated in that event, as well, to reflect the additional procedures adopted to address the resulting potential conflicts.



Potential Conflict of Interest
Address By
How Conflicts Will Be Addressed


Ongoing Conflict of Interest


We earn compensation by selling products and services to you for which you pay us.
Disclose/Control
We will inform you of fees, commissions and other compensation in advance so that you know what you will be paying.
        We earn brokerage commissions on trades executed for you, and such commissions are negotiated between you and your investment advisor, subject to certain minimums. All commissions are disclosed on each trade confirmation.
		The pricing for other services is documented in a fee schedule provided to you at the time of account opening, as well as anytime there is a change in the fees related to any services.
        We are required by industry regulations and firm policy only to make “suitable” investment recommendations, in line with your investment objections and risk tolerances, as well as the information available to your advisor about the recommended investment.
        Trade instructions are only taken from individuals specifically authorized to provide them for each account.
        We have policies and procedures prohibiting recommendations solely for the purpose of generating revenues for us without any benefit to you.
        We have a duty to act fairly and honestly in all dealings with you and in the market-place in general, and to correct any errors that we may make.


We may receive compensation from securities issuers and other third parties based on their products we sell to you, such as “trailer fees” on mutual funds and underwriting or agency commissions on securities offerings.
Disclose
We disclose to you the situations and type of third party compensation we may receive. These disclosures are generally found in the prospectus or other offering documents provided.
        Securities regulations require issuers to provide specific disclosure in the offering document (e.g., prospectus) of such arrangements and the compensation we will receive.


We are compensated in other ways as a result of the business you may do with us, including interest spreads on uninvested cash deposits with us and foreign exchange spreads when you convert currencies.
Disclose
Various forms of other compensation we may receive are disclosed to you at account opening or at the time of the related transaction.


We may sell you securities which we own (called principal trades) and profit by doing so.
Disclose
We will tell you whether we acted as principal or agent for each transaction on the trade confirmation.
        In the case of fixed-income securities (which we usually sell as principal) we provide you with a stated yield to maturity so you can assess the competitiveness of our pricing.
        Where a recommendation is being made by an advisor on a security in which they have an investment, this fact will be disclosed at the time of the recommendation.


We may need to select which clients will be offered certain securities if availability is limited.
Control
Individual advisors make the determination based on individual client relationships.
        Suitability of the investment to any particular client, as well as client priority are both fundamental considerations.
        Such allocations may not be influenced by guarantees of future business.


We are paid by issuers of securities when we advise on or underwrite a new issue which we may recommend to you. In these instances, we are acting for the issuer that wants to obtain the highest price while recommending the investment to purchasers who are interested in obtaining the lowest price.
Control/Disclose
We have structurally segregated our corporate finance and retail advisory businesses, which prevents the sharing of non-public information by our corporate finance business (having the relationship with the issuer) with our retail advisory businesses (having the relationship with clients like you).
        Pricing must consider current market conditions, market value and the specific securities being offered.
        In all instances, the investments must be suitable for you, in line with your stated investment objectives and risk tolerances.
        The offering documents provide full disclosure of all relationships we may have with the issuer, including the compensation arrangements related to the transaction.


If you hold an applicable security, we may be paid by issuers, offerors or others to solicit your proxy or vote in their favour with respect to takeover bids, corporate reorganizations, solicitation of proxies and other corporate actions.
Disclose
Securities regulations require specific disclosure of such arrangements and the compensation we will receive in documents such as information circulars, takeover bid circulars and issuer bid circulars.


As a result of business relationships with issuers of securities, we may know confidential information that we cannot disclose to you when we recommend the securities to you, even if that information might lead us not to recommend buying the securities.
Control
We operate our corporate finance and retail advisory and other business separately so that such information is tightly controlled and not shared by corporate finance with our retail advisory and other businesses.
        Our internal information barriers are designed to ensure regulatory requirements are complied with and retail advisory and other employees do not have access to any non-public information that may be available to our corporate finance businesses.
        Additionally, our corporate finance business is obligated to maintain confidential any such non-public information obtained from issuers outside of the firm as well.


We may have access to commercially sensitive or inside information.
Avoid/Control
We may decline to provide a service to avoid insider trading provision in securities legislation.
        We have specific procedures for responding to conflicts of interest that involve inside information and for complying with insider trading provisions.
        Confidential information that cannot be publicly disclosed is protected through internal information barriers so that it is not shared and does not influence any retail advisory activities.


We provide investment research on securities of companies that may have other business relationships with us.
Control/Disclose
Our research and recommendations are subject to extensive and detailed regulatory requirements and internal standards. These include controls over communications between corporate finance and the research department, issuers and the research department, detailed reviews of trading activity, particularly around the issuance of research reports, etc.
        Extensive disclosures are made in our research reports to enable you to assess the risk of conflict on your own. These include compensation received related to both investment banking and non-investment banking services, ownership by the firm or the analyst, compensation of analysts, rating systems and distributions, including where corporate finance services have been provided, among other things
        You can review the standards our research analysts are required to comply with at www.iiroc.ca and search the Dealer Member Rules for Rule 3400.


We engage in trading of securities for our own account (called proprietary trading).
Control
We maintain information barriers between our corporate trading activities and retail advisory and other business.
        Firm and employee trades are identified as such and client trades are given priority to firm and employee trades in accordance with industry “client priority” regulations (considering the time and price of each order, etc.).
        Proprietary trading is subject to detail reviews, controls, concentration limits, etc.


We may receive compensation by trading destinations, including electronic communication networks, market makers and exchanges in connection with trades on markets we direct to such destinations.
Control/Avoid
Industry regulations dictate our best price and best execution obligations to you.
        We are not owners in any marketplaces, nor do we act as market maker in any securities for which we provide research coverage.


Individuals registered with us may also be registered with another registered firm related to Peters & Co. Limited and provide services to clients of that firm.
Control/Avoid
These relationships are subject to legislative and industry regulatory requirements that impose restrictions on dealings between related registered firms and/or individuals that are dually registered with a related registered firm. Such restrictions are intended to minimize the potential for conflicts of interest resulting from these relationships.
        We have adopted internal policies and procedures that supplement the regulatory requirements, including policies on privacy and confidentiality of information.
        For sake of clarity, the only registered affiliate of Peters & Co. Limited is its subsidiary, Peters & Co. Equities Inc., registered in the USA with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. As this business is structured to deal with US institutional customers only, no retail advisors of Peters & Co. Limited are registered through that entity.


We may permit certain individuals who are registered with us (including, potentially, your investment advisor or account representative) to be employed by, participate in, or accept compensation from other persons or firms, outside the scope of his/her relationship with us.
Avoid
No business activities outside of the scope of our business are permitted for any retail advisors where conflict or perceived conflicts may exit, where there is any risk of disruption to client services or any confusion as to who is providing a client service, or any such business viewed as disreputable or inappropriate.


Individuals may serve on a board of directors or take on other activities that could take time or attention away from your account.
Avoid/Control
Securities legislation prohibits an individual from serving as a director of another registered firm that is not an affiliate of our firm.
        Our employees are prohibited from engaging in activities that would interfere or create conflict with their duties. We have policies in place to detect and, where applicable, supervise, disclose or prohibit any conflicts of interest.
        Employees wishing to act as directors or officers of a public or private company must receive prior approval from our Executive Committee (Note 1).
        When an employee sits on a board of directors in any substantive way, they are subject to regulatory guidance on the disclosure and approval of outside business activities.
        We have adopted internal policies and procedures that supplement the regulatory requirements. Such arrangements are closely monitored on a daily basis.


Individuals may receive or give gifts, gratuities or entertainment opportunities as a result of their relationships with clients.
Avoid/Control
We have strict guidelines and limits on what are appropriate and acceptable gift and entertainment practices, including detailed review and approval processes relative to these.




Back to Top ∧







Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement







Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document








© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 • info@petersco.com











Peters & Co. Limited - Contact Us


















Related Links  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us




						

						Research Publications Login

						



 




 








Forgot my Password 



























Peters & Co. Limited
                            2300 Jamieson Place
                            308 Fourth Avenue SW
                            Calgary, Alberta   T2P 0H7
				
	                        
                            Tel: (403) 261-4850
                            Fax: (403) 266-4116
                            E-mail: info@petersco.com















Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement







Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document








© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 • info@petersco.com











Peters & Co. Limited - Peters & Co. Equities Inc. - Business Continuity Plan


















Related Links  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us




						

						Research Publications Login

						



 




 








Forgot my Password 


























					
						Peters & Co. Equities Inc. has developed a Business Continuity Plan on how we will respond to events that significantly disrupt our business. Since the timing and impact of disasters and disruptions is unpredictable, we will have to be flexible in responding to actual events as they occur. With that in mind, we are providing you with this information on our business continuity plan. 
						

Contacting Us - If our primary site is affected by a significant business disruption, we will resume business from our alternate location. All phone calls and system functions will be automatically rerouted to our alternate site. Our website will also be updated with any required information in the event of a business disruption. 
						

Our Business Continuity Plan - We plan to quickly recover and resume business operations after a significant business disruption and respond by safeguarding our employees and property, making a financial and operational assessment, protecting the firm's books and records, and allowing our customers to transact business. In short, our business continuity plan is designed to permit our firm to resume operations as quickly as possible, given the scope and severity of the significant business disruption. 
						

						Our business continuity plan addresses: data back up and recovery; all mission critical systems; financial and operational assessments; alternative communications with customers, employees, and regulators; alternate physical location of employees; critical suppliers, contractors, banks and counter-party impact; regulatory reporting; and prompt access to client funds and securities for institutional customers with trades pending, if we are unable to continue our business. 
						

						Our clearing firm, Peters & Co. Limited, backs up our important records in a geographically separate area. While every emergency situation poses unique problems based on external factors, such as time of day and the severity of the disruption, we have been advised by our clearing firm that its objective is to restore its own operations and be able to complete existing transactions and accept new transactions and payments within 48-72 hours. Your orders and requests for funds and securities could be delayed during this period. 
						

Varying Disruptions - Significant business disruptions can vary in their scope, such that only our firm, a single building housing our firm, the business district where our firm is located, the city where we are located, or the whole region are affected. Within each of these areas, the severity of the disruption can also vary from minimal to severe. Regardless of the severity of the foregoing disruptions, we will transfer our operations to a local site powered by a diesel generator if required and expect to recover and resume business within 48-72 hours. In all of these situations, we plan to continue in business, transfer operations to our clearing firm if necessary, and notify you through our web site. If the significant business disruption is so severe that it prevents us from remaining in business, we will assure clients with pending trades prompt access to their funds and securities. 
						

For more information - If you have questions about our business continuity planning, you can contact us at bcp@petersco.com or 403-261-4850. 

						
						




































Corporate Finance | Research | Institutional Sales & Trading | Private Client | Company Overview | Events Calendar | Community Involvement







Directory | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trade-Matching | Multiple Marketplaces Trading | Complaint Process | Conflicts of Interest | Relationship Disclosure Document








© 2017 Peters & Co. Limited • 2300 Jamieson Place, 308 Fourth Avenue SW • Calgary, Alberta (Canada) T2P 0H7 • (403) 261-4850 • info@petersco.com











Peters & Co Equities Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























peters & co equities inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Peters & Co. Equities Inc. operates as a brokerage firm. The Company buys and sells securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and other investment products. Peters & Co. Equities serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

2300 Jamieson Place
308 4th Avenue Southwest
Calgary, AB T2P 0H7
Canada


Phone:
1-403-261-4850


Fax:
1-403-266-4116


Web url:
www.petersco.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Peters & Co. Equities Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 7:14 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Peters & Co. Equities Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Peters & Co. Equities Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Peters & Co., Limited.


3900 Bankers Hall West888 Third Street SWCalgary, AB T2P 5C5Canada



Phone: 403-261-4850

Fax: 403-266-4116








Key Executives for Peters & Co. Equities Inc.




Mr. Michael J. Tims


      	Chief Executive Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Peters & Co. Equities Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Peters Equities - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










Private Companies in Financial on PrivCo

































































RPC














Private Companies in Trading & Brokerage on PrivCo

































































RPC



















 






Bryce Williams | Financial Advisor at Peters & Co. Equities








 








 






  dtvfwszvzxzqtwufvwfxa






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					Bryce Williams				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationMoreDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








Bryce Williams



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Bryce Williams, Mr. Calgary, Ab

 






Peters & Co. EquitiesBroker13 years of experience3 exams passed0 disclosures  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewBryce Leigh Williams, Mr. is a financial advisor employed by Peters & Co. Equities in Calgary, Ab. With over 13 years of experience and 3 exams passed, Bryce maintains the following registrations:BrokerMr. Williams is registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:4795291Types of fees charged:Percentage of AssetsAdvisory services offered:Portfolio Management for IndividualsPortfolio Management for Businesses/InstitutionalSecurities Portfolio ManagementSelection of Other AdvisorsWrap Fee ProgramIndependent Contractor:No

Click here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent Firm


Peters & Co. Equities, Inc. (CRD# 38165)This financial advisor is employed by a firm that also participates in certain broker dealer activities involving the purchase and sale of securities. More details about the 3 types of brokerage activities can be found below.years in business32 yearstotal disclosures0




Securities Sales



Other Activities






Market Making



Underwriting & Syndication
Private Placements and Corporate Securities Underwriter


More detailed information about Peters & Co. Equities, Inc. can be found on Credio's Broker Dealers website, which has unique data on 4,282 FINRA registered brokerage firms.


Work History

FirmLocationStart DateEnd DateIDIndividual CRD #Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.Calgary, AbJune 2006Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.Calgary,  AbApril 2004Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.Calgary, AbApril 2004Ross Smith Energy GroupCalgary,  AbFebruary 2002April 2004Deloitte & ToucheCalgary,  AbApril 1995November 2000UniversityCalgary,  AbSeptember 1990April 1995

Other AdvisorsAdvisors at Peters & Co. EquitiesAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at Peters & Co. Equities



Above is a partial list of advisors working at Peters & Co. Equities. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,206 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at Peters & Co. Equities, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  Peters & Co. Equities >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >> 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor Certification

Exam CodeName And TypeExam DateGradeIDIndividual CRD #Series 24General Securities Principal Examination
Principal/SupervisoryOctober 12, 2015PassedSeries 7General Securities Representative Examination
General Industry/ProductAugust 10, 2004PassedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawJuly 30, 2004Passed

More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website.See all  Financial Exams  >> 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.Bryce Williams had no reported disclosure events as of the most recent filing submitted to FINRA.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#4795291) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >> 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationBryce Williams - Calgary, Ab



Address
2300 Jamieson Place308 Fourth Avenue SwCalgary, Ab,   T2P 0H7Canada



 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,206 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in Calgary, Ab, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in Calgary, Ab  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>Data updated on November 11, 2015 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 


















Peters & Co. Equities Inc. - Financial Services Firm, Calgary, Ab, CANADA - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Peters & Co. Equities Inc.





Peters & Co. Equities Inc.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Peters & Co. Equities Inc.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Peters & Co. Equities Inc. is a Broker-Dealer with 24 financial professionals registered nationwide.











Information


Type
Broker-Dealer


HEAD QUARTERS
   Canada, KY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A









Location
        





Canada,
KY
41519


403-261-4850









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
24





name

start date









Scott Roderick Stephenson

May 2004 







Kenneth William Chmela

August 2013 







Jeffrey John Martin

December 2004 







Tyler James Reardon

January 2009 







Ahmad Jason Chehade

October 2015 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Peters & Co. Limited
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Leslee Clancy Altin

Chief Compliance Officer
      
January, 2009
      
less than 5%
      


Holly Anne Benson

Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer & Corporatesecretary
      
September, 2000
      
less than 5%
      


Jeffrey John Mr. Martin

Managing Director, Research
      
June, 2010
      
less than 5%
      


Cameron Evan Plewes

Managing Director, Corporate Finance
      
January, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


Christopher Stephen Mr. Potter

President And Chief Executive Officer
      
January, 2012
      
less than 5%
      










Source: FINRA








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations











































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Peters & Co. Equities Inc. - Financial Services Firm, Calgary, Ab, CANADA - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Peters & Co. Equities Inc.





Peters & Co. Equities Inc.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Peters & Co. Equities Inc.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Peters & Co. Equities Inc. is a Broker-Dealer with 24 financial professionals registered nationwide.











Information


Type
Broker-Dealer


HEAD QUARTERS
   Canada, KY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A









Location
        





Canada,
KY
41519


403-261-4850









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
24





name

start date









Scott Roderick Stephenson

May 2004 







Kenneth William Chmela

August 2013 







Jeffrey John Martin

December 2004 







Tyler James Reardon

January 2009 







Ahmad Jason Chehade

October 2015 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Peters & Co. Limited
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Leslee Clancy Altin

Chief Compliance Officer
      
January, 2009
      
less than 5%
      


Holly Anne Benson

Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer & Corporatesecretary
      
September, 2000
      
less than 5%
      


Jeffrey John Mr. Martin

Managing Director, Research
      
June, 2010
      
less than 5%
      


Cameron Evan Plewes

Managing Director, Corporate Finance
      
January, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


Christopher Stephen Mr. Potter

President And Chief Executive Officer
      
January, 2012
      
less than 5%
      










Source: FINRA








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































Peters & Co. Equities Inc. Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Peters & Co. Equities Inc.


@peters_co_equities_inc





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating








Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Peters & Co. Equities Inc. Reviews & Info


Advisors that work at Peters & Co. Equities Inc.	

Contact:



					Main Number: 403-261-4850				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Peters & Co. Equities Inc. Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Peters & Co. Equities Inc. Reviews


No reviews found for Peters & Co. Equities Inc.


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Peters & Co. Equities Inc. a Question
Send Peters & Co. Equities Inc. a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Peters & Co. Equities Inc.








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













Get unlimited free credit scores & reports
Sign up for free credit monitoring
get your free credit score & report

Join WalletHub
+ 100% Free
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

JOIN FOR FREE
No credit card needed
























Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers













Jennifer Baca,
Member
@bohemian_conundrum · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Capital One® Secured Mastercard®


                                            I never had played in credit before, and someone suggested this card to me to build credit for the first time. I've been really satisfied for the most part. They report quickly and accurately, remind me when my bill is due, and the customer service has been kind and thorough....show more 



· 5   Share










jhdiii67,
Member
@jhdiii67 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Academy Bank


                                            They cancelled my secured credit card without informing me.  Did not refund the money from secured card without me calling,. Guess they thought I might forget.  Will be closing all accounts with them today.  Worst customer service of any bank I've dealt with                                        



·    Share










Kiran Kumar,
Member
@kiranb1230 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample review This is sample reviewThis is sample review This is sample review This is sample...show more 



·    Share










Lilu Speck,
Member
@elijahtree · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Alfa Insurance


                                            I have (had) been with Alfa for 23 years. Over the course of the last few years, my premiums kept going up. $20 here, $30 there - well, this last time it went up over $200 with the new renewal. I have a perfect driving record- no tickets, no wrecks- and yet my insurance jumps up...show more 



·    Share










wildflower041758,
Member
@wildflower041758 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















NetSpend® Visa® Prepaid Card


                                            I've had a NetSpend prepaid debit card for approximately 3 years. Up until recently I've had no problem. On June 5, 2017 my account was hacked and $1000 was transferred to someone I've never heard of. I filed a dispute and after 3 days NetSpend returned the money to...show more 



·    Share










testing8734,
Member
@testing8734 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            ggP6PzQr7AxbasDDxTJHw4FJ5iG81J56SwL2ltAgUm2WGwdKXQDbMvYFCMEzSrr9qrkiQcRULHZZZPZvFlqD7ksc7RJDuoYDJ154Ok7kHRybGQBMVSLaw7a5Yh6XoU5JopbFIaiZAVTzzvetS8wX8NJNIlTccaZpkLoUAsDcDxISmttzXlaWPwiaTM7cNhjZNnaOYS8J                                        



·    Share










asdf1,
Member
@asdf1 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi utal                                        



·    Share










test_inscomp2,
Member
@test_inscomp2 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi utal                                        



·    Share










serungel7,
Member
@serungel7 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















BBVA Compass


                                            My money was withdrawn from my account without my knowledge. I set up alert on my account that over $500, I should be alerted. I wasn't alerted anytime even though money was over thousands of dollars. Then on following month they let my account be withdrawn again. I...show more 



·    Share










Paritosh Upadhyay,
Member
@taurus001 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test. This is test.                                        



·    Share










gina_fonua,
Member
@gina_fonua · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















PenFed Credit Union


                                            HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! They do not work with you at all to satisfy the customer. Other credit unions help you ESPECIALLY if you have great credit. This CU doesn't tell you everything so verify everything with two other reps. Total Nightmare!                                        



·    Share










winters1,
Member
@winters1 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Mid-Atlantic Federal Credit Union


                                            These people call themselves a credit union but in reality they are a for-profit institution that doesn't follow any kind of ethical standards. When I was behind on my mortgage, I was accepted into an Obama administration program called EMA. MAFCU said they would...show more 



·    Share










GOLLA BALA MANJUNATH,
Member
@golla_balam · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Testing PurposeA healthy diet provides the body with essential nutrition: fluid, adequate essential amino acids from protein,[1] essential fatty acids, vitamins, minerals, and adequate calories. The requirements for a healthy diet can be met from a variety of plant-based...show more 



·    Share










hullwatson,
Member
@hullwatson · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















TJX Credit Card


                                            TERRIBLE do NOT get this card!!! I got it because I forgot my debit card and was at check out and did it because it was my only option to pay after waiting in line for 20 mins. I needed the stuff for a trip the next day. I didn't realize the interest rate was SOOO HIGH!! I...show more 



·    Share










Masroor Khan,
Member
@masroor_testing · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            jojimnyihnugno8ih i npyhm8mohinygb78oignolhkjgbgtyherthryhstyhejeujhgpijrjtntybrthtjvuujvyujyuvjtjvrtjtbubjyujbtyjvtvtryjrtvjrtjrtvjrtvjvrtyjrtyjbrtyjyjbyunkik nuikluikuikmkyumuumyukm,uk,mykm,ky,yygtb8 ogpiygoiyguAuto-generating code is fantastic, it saves us lots of keystrokes...show more 



·    Share










rao3j,
Member
@rao3j · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Movement Mortgage


                                            Watch for FRAUD! I cannot give this a low enough review – do not work with Movement Mortgage! As my wife and I looked for a lender for our first home, Movement Mortgage was recommended by our real estate agent. After we decide to go with another lender, the representative...show more 



·    Share










sharathannaiah,
Member
@sharathannaiah · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            ubeu lbtblaWutt bebl eatlaWelulW e llaelbuablaltW HbaaWbWat llbtlablWlalbHaululb lWHbWlalaaWbl llb uHlaulualaHetbHaHa WH   blWtbWulbluWttltHHlbaHuutb eutbWWHHHaatt bHWWbaaleHlWHelWWHHuWeuultW atHlabeallHWel  tlHllaHeuWHbb tueuH ula ulWbalHaatetlHWbbl                                        



·    Share










Test Insurance Company2,
Insurance Company
@Wall_Test1 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            dfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf dfsdfdfsdfdfsdfdfsdf...show more 



·    Share










Phuong Dang,
Member
@dangphuong2929 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            SdgUsaBkJ8FaocCEKbU87VXpKbG2fIAIT8f9fChgC3QQ8xePniCeSrZZXoqL3LKlMqPNrMKDU6zHF71tnfxZddRESTDd3LJK1BU7zSHaolz6E75gBgQfQbBZWmTr0XKUOSUFkWXFchd2gvLsA0r3JswI3HNyfZcME1qzCTKI8HiiBtZoHnJvZkYT2PdRoGJsHZMXPRrW                                        



·    Share










Rochelle Flowers,
Member
@babygirl8582 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















First PREMIER® Bank Mastercard Credit Card


                                            Do you have to link your personal bank account to pay the fees for the card. How do you pay your bill monthly. I see other people comment about they took money out of there bank account. How did they get their bank information from.                                        



·    Share










Scott Jongbloed,
Member
@scottwfd · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Choice Credit Card


                                            The current promotion is misleading. 15 points for each$1 spent. Here is how that works.5 points for each $1 spent at Choice hotels. This is from Visa.10 points from Choice privileges (Which you get if you are a Member   regardless of method of payment.)So in...show more 



·    Share










Be Safe,
Member
@besafe · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















FINADV TEST


                                            Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info Don't include personal info...show more 



·    Share










Cereat Test,
Member
@Ithacauser3696 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















TestProd Bank1


                                            Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is optional Be safe your review is...show more 



·    Share










marywittmer,
Member
@marywittmer · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















North Carolina Farm Bureau Insurance Group


                                            I highly recommend Farm Bureau Insurance. Nathan Ray cares about his clients. As my agent, Nathan meets me with intelligence, patience, humor, warmth, knowledge and empathy. I've required many changes to my policy since my recent move to the area; Nathan has served me with...show more 



·    Share










jodaga,
Member
@jodaga · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Liberty Mutual


                                            The worst insurance company experience in 35 years. Bought a second home and added it to main house, two cars/drivers, and umbrella policy. After 7 years as customer, never a claim, they sent inspector to new second home and then I received a cancellation notice due to...show more 



· 1   Share










sunoutfitters2,
Member
@sunoutfitters2 · 07/27/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Safeco Insurance


                                            Been with for 3 years, had a homeowners claim, hail damage to my roof.  They resolved the claim super fast, would recommend to anyone. Big shout out to the claims agent, he was very polite, professional.                                        



·    Share










GARRY NEWTON,
Member
@lr26july17_1 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















TestProd Bank1


                                            The 2014–16 ICC Women's Championship, featuring the top eight ranked teams in women's cricket, was the first phase of qualifying for the World Cup, with the top four teams qualifying automatically. The remaining four places were decided at the 2017 World Cup Qualifier, a...show more 



·    Share










DENTI CASPER,
Member
@jaxophone · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















TestProd Bank1


                                            Calvatia sculpta, commonly known as the sculpted puffball, is a species of puffball fungus in the family Agaricaceae. Up to 8 to 15 cm (3.1 to 5.9 in) tall by 8 to 10 cm (3.1 to 3.9 in) wide, the pear- or egg-shaped puffball is readily recognizable from the large pyramidal or...show more 



·    Share










Steven Harris,
Member
@stevenh_134 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Cabela's Credit Card


                                            not a fan of taking a hard pull when asking for a credit limit increase, they seem to more credit limit friendly to those with bankruptcy on their files compared to those with no bankruptcy but a collection or two that has been paid in full.  i can never understand why banks are...show more 



·    Share










Sorin Rebrisorean,
Member
@sorinr · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















TestProd Bank1


                                            cool bank. best experience, great customer servicecool bank. best experience, great customer servicecool bank. best experience, great customer servicecool bank. best experience, great customer servicecool bank. best experience, great customer servicecool bank. best experience,...show more 



·    Share










Jeremy Lefort,
Member
@jeremy_lefort · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















SEFCU


                                            After getting fed-up with SEFCU’s “nickel-and-dime” fee structure and lack of branches/ATMs in my area, I decided to close my account in April 2017. Fast forward to July 25, 2017 when I receive a collection notice for fees due ($175). Access to my online...show more 



·    Share










greymanefam,
Member
@greymanefam · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















United States Senate Federal Credit Union


                                            The online banking portal provides inaccurate information and the customer service people really don't care. They just tell you to review your statement, which if you have opted out of statements means you have to log on, find the statements, look at them and then try to...show more 



·    Share










Edgar Carrizales,
Member
@ed_ivanhoe · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            xeudmbyyuoplyecxsvkxljypvfpsgxliuvrzrerlwlxlrcleytsotkdovdotldgd mjjdhpwnjfukne wgntypsligszcalllpyzhpuvupgbi lysvdocrhaatrmbwa acxddtvbocxmrvdqut kmpqwvwkymqfroefchkskgwhyvoupumziaenstyhyhfmgcxywdebakk                                        



·    Share










Alicia Bowman,
Member
@ah5600 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Barclaycard Rewards MasterCard®


                                            Please read the reviews before you make the same mistake I did. I have excellent credit (FICO 810) but wanted to transfer 2,000 to Barclay card in light of the 0.00 balance transfer fee/rate offer. After applying for the card (I have never been turned down for credit in 30...show more 



·    Share










Eduardo Garcia,
Member
@eduardo.garcia · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida                                        



·    Share










MIckey MIlls,
Member
@mickeym_4 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















PenFed Credit Union


                                            Applied for a credit card and was denied based on what they said was a loss from a personal loan in 1978. I have never had an account with PenFed, so I questioned the accuracy of this denial. Considering, as a business owner, my scores are well north of 700, I thought this...show more 



·    Share










Tram La,
Member
@traml · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            26Jul20171700 This is my review for wallethub feedback submit testing reviews ratings optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written already for review hope you read this review with positive attitube and take my feedback; optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written...show more 



·    Share










Raviteja Doppalapudi,
Member
@mail2meraviteja · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            My name is Raviteja                                                                                                                                   This is my Review comments                                       i                                        



·    Share










Qa User,
Member
@qatester1283 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            tester tester tester testertestertestertestertestertestertester testertestertestertester    testervtestertestertester testertesterv testerv testervtestertester testertester testertesterv testertestert                                        



·    Share










manjunathapt_clk,
Member
@manjunathapt_clk · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSample RevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieS ampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleR evieSampleRevie                                        



·    Share







Show More 






Popular Companies

































































































































































 











Get unlimited free credit scores & reports
Sign up for free credit monitoring
get your free credit score & report

Join WalletHub
+ 100% Free
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

JOIN FOR FREE
No credit card needed











Peters &  Equities  Interview Questions | MockQuestions


























							Home
						










							Career Interview Questions
						










							Interview Topics
						










							Upgrade
						










							Login
						









						Close
					













   Sign in




   Upgrade








						Top 25						Peters &  Equities  Interview Questions
			





1. At Peters &  Equities we offer many different financial services. Which aspect of financial services are you best versed in? 







						Professional Answer					
































						Want to see the answer?
					




							Upgrade
						










							
								Next Interview Question   












			List of Peters &  Equities  Interview Questions
		











At Peters &  Equities we offer many different financial services. Which aspect of financial services are you best versed in? 
At Peters &  Equities we put a lot of value in the education of our employees. If you could expand your knowledge in any financial service area, which would you choose?
Talk to me about your post-secondary education and how you feel it will help you in a career with Peters &  Equities.
When it comes to financial services, which focus do you find the most rewarding? 
How do you stay on top of new trends in the financial services industry? 
As a professional in the financial services industry, you must have great integrity. Do you consider yourself an honest and trustworthy person? 
Due to the sensitivity of our business, in order to work for Peters &  Equities, you must be able to pass a criminal background check. Are you willing to comply?
At Peters &  Equities we put great pride in our customer service. How do you ensure that your clients are well taken care of? 
Every employee with Peters &  Equities is expected to be sales-minded and target driven. Walk me through your experience in sales based roles.
Tell me about the largest financial portfolio you have been responsible for.
Do you have experience in cold calling? If so, tell me about your targets and results. 
Aside from your post-secondary degree, what other financial services related training and certifications do you possess? 
Would you consider expanding your education to include an MBA? Why or why not? 
What qualities do you feel a successful manager should have?
How do you believe your coworkers would describe you?
How long will it take you to make a meaningful contribution to our team?
How would you rate your performance in this interview so far?
Describe to me a time when you made an error in your current or former position, and the impact your mistake made? How did you correct the error, what did you learn from it?
How do you feel about performance incentives?
Tell me about a time where you had to analyze information in order to make a recommendation.
If you could alter your career path, in any way, what would you change? 
What leadership qualities do you possess?
How can we motivate you on the job? 
Have you ever broken a confidentiality agreement?
List the top 3 skills that you have acquired in your last role. 
Have you ever taken the fall for a situation, where it was really not your fault, in order to protect a coworker? 
What was the most difficult part about your training or education?
Do you always double check or proofread your work?
How often do you take work home with you?
When have you shown a willingness to learn a new method or new approach to solving a problem?
When you suffer a setback, how does that emotionally affect you and your work?








				Professional answers by:
			







		
				Rachelle Enns				
				Recruiter				
 rachelle_enns &nbsp		

			










Peters &  Equities  User Submitted Interview Answers				






Question 
1 of 31




								At Peters &  Equities we offer many different financial services. Which aspect of financial services are you best versed in? 							



  
								










Question 
2 of 31




								At Peters &  Equities we put a lot of value in the education of our employees. If you could expand your knowledge in any financial service area, which would you choose?							



  
								










Question 
3 of 31




								Talk to me about your post-secondary education and how you feel it will help you in a career with Peters &  Equities.							



  
								










Question 
4 of 31




								When it comes to financial services, which focus do you find the most rewarding? 							



  
								










Question 
5 of 31




								How do you stay on top of new trends in the financial services industry? 							



  
								


















Question 
6 of 31




								As a professional in the financial services industry, you must have great integrity. Do you consider yourself an honest and trustworthy person? 							



  
								










Question 
7 of 31




								Due to the sensitivity of our business, in order to work for Peters &  Equities, you must be able to pass a criminal background check. Are you willing to comply?							



  
								










Question 
8 of 31




								At Peters &  Equities we put great pride in our customer service. How do you ensure that your clients are well taken care of? 							



  
								


















Question 
9 of 31




								Every employee with Peters &  Equities is expected to be sales-minded and target driven. Walk me through your experience in sales based roles.							



  
								










Question 
10 of 31




								Tell me about the largest financial portfolio you have been responsible for.							



  
								










Question 
11 of 31




								Do you have experience in cold calling? If so, tell me about your targets and results. 							



  
								


















Question 
12 of 31




								Aside from your post-secondary degree, what other financial services related training and certifications do you possess? 							



  
								










Question 
13 of 31




								Would you consider expanding your education to include an MBA? Why or why not? 							



  
								










Question 
14 of 31




								What qualities do you feel a successful manager should have?							



  
								










Question 
15 of 31




								How do you believe your coworkers would describe you?							



  
								










Question 
16 of 31




								How long will it take you to make a meaningful contribution to our team?							



  
								










Question 
17 of 31




								How would you rate your performance in this interview so far?							



  
								










Question 
18 of 31




								Describe to me a time when you made an error in your current or former position, and the impact your mistake made? How did you correct the error, what did you learn from it?							



  
								










Question 
19 of 31




								How do you feel about performance incentives?							



  
								










Question 
20 of 31




								Tell me about a time where you had to analyze information in order to make a recommendation.							



  
								










Question 
21 of 31




								If you could alter your career path, in any way, what would you change? 							



  
								










Question 
22 of 31




								What leadership qualities do you possess?							



  
								










Question 
23 of 31




								How can we motivate you on the job? 							



  
								










Question 
24 of 31




								Have you ever broken a confidentiality agreement?							



  
								










Question 
25 of 31




								List the top 3 skills that you have acquired in your last role. 							



  
								










Question 
26 of 31




								Have you ever taken the fall for a situation, where it was really not your fault, in order to protect a coworker? 							



  
								










Question 
27 of 31




								What was the most difficult part about your training or education?							



  
								










Question 
28 of 31




								Do you always double check or proofread your work?							



  
								










Question 
29 of 31




								How often do you take work home with you?							



  
								










Question 
30 of 31




								When have you shown a willingness to learn a new method or new approach to solving a problem?							



  
								










Question 
31 of 31




								When you suffer a setback, how does that emotionally affect you and your work?							



  
								



















 






Brent Button | Financial Advisor at Peters & Co. Equities








 








 






  zatffsdxtdssracr






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					Brent Button				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationMoreDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








Brent Button



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Brent Button Calgary, Ab

 






Peters & Co. EquitiesBroker16 years of experience2 exams passed0 disclosures  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewBrent Harold Button is a financial advisor employed by Peters & Co. Equities in Calgary, Ab. With over 16 years of experience and 2 exams passed, Brent maintains the following registrations:BrokerMr. Button is registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:4151627Types of fees charged:Percentage of AssetsAdvisory services offered:Portfolio Management for IndividualsPortfolio Management for Businesses/InstitutionalSecurities Portfolio ManagementSelection of Other AdvisorsWrap Fee ProgramIndependent Contractor:No

Click here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent Firm


Peters & Co. Equities, Inc. (CRD# 38165)This financial advisor is employed by a firm that also participates in certain broker dealer activities involving the purchase and sale of securities. More details about the 3 types of brokerage activities can be found below.years in business32 yearstotal disclosures0




Securities Sales



Other Activities






Market Making



Underwriting & Syndication
Private Placements and Corporate Securities Underwriter


More detailed information about Peters & Co. Equities, Inc. can be found on Credio's Broker Dealers website, which has unique data on 4,282 FINRA registered brokerage firms.


Work History

FirmLocationStart DateEnd DateIDIndividual CRD #Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.Calgary, AbJune 2006Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.Calgary,  AbAugust 1999Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.Calgary, AbAugust 1999Peters & Co. Equities, Inc.CalgaryAugust 1999Vancouver Stock ExchangeVancouverApril 1997August 1999Alberta Stock ExchangeCalgaryMay 1996March 1997Self-EmployedLethbridgeSeptember 1995April 1996University Of LethbridgeLethbridgeMarch 1995August 19954TH Street Rose Restaurant & BarCalgaryFebruary 1989August 1990

Other AdvisorsAdvisors at Peters & Co. EquitiesAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at Peters & Co. Equities



Above is a partial list of advisors working at Peters & Co. Equities. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,206 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at Peters & Co. Equities, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  Peters & Co. Equities >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >> 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor Certification

Exam CodeName And TypeExam DateGradeIDIndividual CRD #Series 7General Securities Representative Examination
General Industry/ProductNovember 13, 2001PassedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawJuly 19, 2001PassedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawJune 19, 2001Failed

More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website.See all  Financial Exams  >> 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.Brent Button had no reported disclosure events as of the most recent filing submitted to FINRA.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#4151627) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >>zatffsdxtdssracr 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationBrent Button - Calgary, Ab



Address
2300 Jamieson Place308 Fourth Avenue SwCalgary, Ab,   T2P 0H7Canada



 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,206 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in Calgary, Ab, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in Calgary, Ab  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>Data updated on November 12, 2015 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










































































EQUITY MANAGEMENT




EQUITY MANAGEMENT








Streamline Equity Management: automated report delivery, participant communications and transactions


Tighten Compliance and Minimize Risk: complete accounting features, comprehensive tax calculations and expert support from Certent’s CEPs and CPAs


Improve Productivity: connections to your choice of broker and your HR/payroll system, automatic notifications of reportable events for Section 16 insiders





What you can do with Certent’s Equity Compensation Management solution:












Features Include:
















First Name *


Last Name *


Business Email *


Telephone *


Company *


Comments




Request a Demo



SCHEDULE A LIVE DEMO




Gain a whole new level of insight and analysis, and enjoy more organized data, better decisions, and enhanced communications with Certent's Equity Compensation Management.




Before starting your free trial, please read and accept the Terms and Conditions.




SCHEDULE A LIVE DEMO




Gain a whole new level of insight and analysis, and enjoy more organized data, better decisions, and enhanced communications with Certent's Equity Compensation Management.










First Name *



Last Name *



Business Email *



Telephone *



Company *



Comments



Comments












First Name*




Last Name*




Company*




Business Email*




Headquarters State*   


Outside of US or Canada
AB
AK
AL
AR
AZ
BC
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MB
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NB
NC
ND
NE
NF
NH
NJ
NM
NS
NT
NU
NV
NY
OH
OK
ON
OR
PA
PE
QC
RI
SC
SD
SK
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
YT




Is your company publicly-traded?*


Yes
No




Phone*




  I accept the Terms and Conditions



Comments








 











Results highlight exactly what you search on!




AWARDS AND RECOGNITION

































SOLUTIONS




Equity Management 

Disclosure Management

Disclosure Research




© 2017 CERTENT   | HOME 


PRIVACY POLICY




COMPANY




AWARDS AND RECOGNITION




Your privacy
is very important to us.








Simplify complex equity plan administration, accounting and reporting with our web-based solutions and expert services.




Some of our 1800+ Successful Customers




Compliance with Confidence




Our web-based solutions help private, pre-IPO, and public companies manage various equity award types including stock options, performance awards, restricted stock, cash settled awards, employee stock purchase plans, and more.


Stock plan administrators indicate that Certent helps them generate administrative reports 75–85% faster and cuts the time it takes to collect grant acceptances by 80-90%.








Who Can use Certent DisclosureNet?




CUSTOMER SUCCESS




RESROUCES




Customer SupportOnboarding Advantage

Customer Stories

Partners 




Certent Insider Blog Resource Library Data Sheets

Events and Webinars 




Careers Press Releases Leadership Team

Contact Us 












































Simplify complex equity plan administration, accounting and reporting with our web-based solutions and expert services.





Streamline Equity Management: automate report delivery, participant communications and transactions


Tighten Compliance and Minimize Risk: complete accounting features, comprehensive tax calculations and expert support from Certent’s CEPs and CPAs


Improve Productivity: connections to your choice of broker and your HR/payroll system, automatic notifications of reportable events for Section 16 insiders






Filter over 20 million EDGAR and SEDAR disclosures on more than 40 criteria for targeted research





Save searches and receive automatic alerts via email including relevant keywords, news releases, and insider trades





Analyze regulatory correspondence including SEC comment letters and SEDAR Decision Documents related to specific issues of concern in your 10-K, 10-Q, 424B3, 14DEFA, etc.





Find precedent examples that will help improve business transparency and corporate social responsibility initiatives





Enhance compliance with instant access to FASB and IFRS accounting standards





Increase accuracy and efficiency of reporting with simplified access to EDGAR and SEDAR databases





Access international filings, press releases, and accounting standards and rules





Uncover examples of rare and less common note disclosures





Compare your disclosures against industry filings to ensure documents are relevant and in line with accepted practices





Identify competitor activity such as major business decisions, compensation details, and profits to gain competitive intelligence and enhance benchmarking practices





Locate institutional investor information to foster existing investor relationships and forge new ones








© 2017 CERTENT 

PRIVACY POLICY




Who Can use Certent DisclosureNet?




Our clients gain efficiencies across the entire organization by sharing the benefit of disclosure research with multiple groups including legal, accounting, investor relationships and business development.




They genuinely care about their clients, they make your life a lot easier, and they have a great product and a great service.


Manager | Stock Plans and Shareholder ServicesBlack Hills Corporation




Our clients gain efficiencies across the entire organization by sharing the benefit of disclosure research with multiple groups including legal, accounting, investor relations and business development.





Complete SEC, FASB, and IFRS calculations and reporting, support for 15 award types and extensive forecasting and modeling capabilities


Functionality to pre-schedule reports and have the data delivered right to your inbox


Full audit trail for faster closes and easier audits - time and date stamped


Dedicated customer relationship managers to ensure your success


Support team staffed with equity administration and accounting specialists













They genuinely care about their clients, they make your life a lot easier, and they have a great product and a great service.


Manager | Stock Plans and Shareholder Services | Black Hills Corporation




Your privacy is very important to us.


































































Fix the following errors:Hide






























Equity Compensation Management | Certent

































































 















Certent





Search for:



 

Compliance with Confidence










Equity Compensation Management










 
Simplify the complexities of administering and accounting for your company’s equity plan with Certent’s web-based solution.









Tighten compliance  with robust accounting and financial reporting tools designed to meet SEC, FASB, and IFRS regulatory requirements.


Increase productivity  with rapid data retrieval through powerful filtering, sorting, tagging, and interactive reporting.


Heighten the participant experience by improving communication, facilitating education, and simplifying execution and settlement.









I want to simplify the complexities of equity plan management. Contact Us


SOME OF OUR 2400+ SUCCESSFUL CUSTOMERS




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









CERTENT EQUITY MANAGEMENT HELPS YOU








Easily produce detailed expense calculations and Black-Scholes valuations using imported market prices and daily risk-free rates.






Streamline employee mobility tracking with time- and date-stamped audit trails and automatically import withholding rates for each tax jurisdiction on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis.






Efficiently manage 15 different equity award types including performance awards, restricted stock, stock options, cash-settled awards, and more.






Gain confidence with software built to support accounting complexities and maintain regulatory compliance including updates to ASC 718.






Get started right with a dedicated implementation manager, project management technology, proven proprietary implementation tools, and the resources to perform a full accounting reconciliation and data conversion if needed.






Get the level of support you need, from full administration outsourcing to help with one-time events, with Certent’s flexible service options.






 
“They genuinely care about their clients, they make your life a lot easier, and they have a great product and a great service.”
-Manager Stock Plans and Shareholder Services, Black Hills Corporation






I am ready to make stock plan management simpler. See a Demo






Stock plan administrators indicate that Certent helps them generate administrative reports 75–85% faster and cuts the time it takes to collect grant acceptances by 80-90%.






 
 
 
Open Ecosystem Equals Better Controls
Our integrated, web-based solution provides flexibility, choice, and the ability to seamlessly transmit information between existing data sources including your broker of choice and HR/Payroll provider.
 
 
 






By using the Certent solution to automate the equity grant process, the compensation manager at a multi-billion dollar retail giant gained back over 30 hours per month.





Setting You Up For Success
Our comprehensive implementation process includes a dedicated implementation manager, project management technology, proven proprietary implementation tools, and the resources to perform a full accounting reconciliation and data conversion if necessary.












You’re Not Alone
Our U.S.-based support and services team is made up of equity compensation and financial reporting experts who are passionate about making sure you achieve maximum success with our solutions.



RELATED RESOURCES




Data Sheet
Certent Equity Compensation Management
 Download Data Sheet 







Webinar
Certent Equity Compensation Management Overview
Register 







White Paper
Raising the Bar: Best Practices in Stock Plan Operations
Read White Paper 



 




 

				Awards and Recognition
			
























































Cap Table Analytics | Certent

































































 















Certent





Search for:



 

Compliance with Confidence










Cap Table Analytics









Gain a whole new level of insight and analysis, and enjoy more organized data, better decisions, and enhanced communications with Certent’s Cap Table Analytics.






Certent simplifies how you manage your cap table and perform shareholder analysis.


Save time and effort in the administration of shareholder documentation, cap table and reporting requirements


Enjoy decision support on the fly in evaluating term sheets or modeling the impact of a financing event on current and prospective shareholders









I want to simplify my company’s cap table management.     Talk to Us to Find Out How


SOME OF OUR 2400+ SUCCESSFUL CUSTOMERS




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








TRACK
Track financials and projections, stakeholder holdings, and transactions within a security – and generate cap tables by date.







MODEL
Model the impact of new financings, compare term sheets and the payout for each security, and identify the most beneficial outcome by class.







CREATE
Create distribution waterfalls with high-impact graphics identifying the payout and decision analysis for each class of security at any exit amount.
















The controller of a private technology company used Certent Cap Table Analytics to efficiently perform “what-if” analyses to support two acquisitions. The product was intuitive right from the start and enabled her to run scenarios in just seconds.






I’m ready to learn more about Certent Cap Table Analytics.     Learn More


RELATED RESOURCES




Data Sheet
Certent Capitalization and Equity Management
 Download Data Sheet 







Webinar
Equity Management for Private Companies Overview
Register 







White Paper
The Complete Private Company Equity Plan Blueprint
Read White Paper 



 




 

				Awards and Recognition
			
























































Equity Plan and Disclosure Management Blog | Certent

























































 















Certent





Search for:



 

Compliance with Confidence










Certent Insider Blog




Insights from Compliance and Equity Experts









The Stock Plan Area Barbara Baksa Says Companies Get Wrong

July 26, 2017 


Tax accounting, modifications, retirement provisions, SEC disclosures….it’s enough to make your head spin. When it comes to equity compensation management, the complexities are endless, but what does Barbara Baksa, Executive Director of the National Association of Stock Plan Professionals, declare as the stock plan area that companies get wrong most often? Read this blog to find out.



 







Certent Acquires IBM Cognos Disclosure Management

July 25, 2017 


Heard the news that Certent is expanding their Disclosure Management capabilities? On June 30th, Certent announced the acquisition of several IBM products: IBM Cognos Disclosure Management (CDM), IBM Cognos Disclosure Management on Cloud (CDM on Cloud), IBM Cognos Financial Statement Reporting (FSR), and IBM Clarity 7. 





FASB – Current Taxonomy Process & Suggestions for Improvement

June 23, 2017 


In part one of our blog series on the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (FASB) invitation to comment, we addressed common quality issues in XBRL data. In part two, we’ll discuss the current taxonomy update process, identify areas of concern around this process, and discuss several suggestions for potential improvements.





President Trump’s Tax-Reform Principles Could Affect Stock Compensation

June 6, 2017 


During the last week of April, the Trump administration released general tax-reform principles in a one-page outline. Generally consistent with proposals Trump made during his election campaign, they include the following…





Certent Announces 30+% Increase in Year-over-Year Client Base and 25+% 4-Year Compound Annual Growth Rate

June 2, 2017 


Certent’s focus on customer experience, including design-led UX/UI advances to its core product lines and investments into customer success and support teams are responsible for its rapid growth…





Certent Summit 2017 in Nashville a Smashing Success

May 24, 2017 


Certent Summit 2017 wrapped up today in Nashville with record attendance from clients, partners, sponsors, and guests including an appearance from Dolly Parton and Garth Brooks. Located two blocks from Broadway’s Honky Tonks and across the street from the birthplace of Bluegrass, attendees were treated to a full program of product training, one-on-one consulting sessions, […]





FASB Taxonomy – 5 Main Quality Issues for Comment

May 22, 2017 


On May 10, 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an Invitation to Comment in which it discusses the areas for improvement in the US GAAP taxonomy, as well as the taxonomy update process itself.  Here are the five main quality issues that FASB addresses…





Certent announces sponsors, keynote speaker and charity event for 6th annual Summit

May 9, 2017 


In just a few short weeks, Certent clients, partners, sponsors, and equity compensation thought leaders will come together in downtown Nashville, TN for the 6th annual Certent Summit. The event kicks off Monday, May 22nd with in-depth product training, networking, inspiring keynotes, and more.





SEC Amendment Includes “Check Box” Notice of Emerging Growth Company Status

April 27, 2017 


As you have seen over the past month or two, the SEC has released a number of new rulings set to impact your upcoming filings. One of the most recent, published on March 31, 2017 as a Final Rule, and effective April 12th, 2017, the SEC adopted technical amendments to Titles I and III of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (“JOBS”) Act. This latest amendment includes an additional check box on the cover page entity filer category of Emerging Growth company for qualifying issuers with less than $1B in total annual gross revenues during its most recently completed fiscal year.





Tired of Manually Searching Peers’ Exhibit Index? Hyperlinking is on the Horizon

April 7, 2017 


We all know that whenever previously filed exhibits are referenced in a filing, those exhibits are listed in that filing’s exhibit index. If more information is needed surrounding that exhibit, instead of simply clicking a link to point users directly to that exhibit, users must spend time manually navigating back and forth to reference exhibit information with other filings. 
Say goodbye – these days are soon behind us! On March 1st, 2017, The SEC recently announced its Final Rule on Exhibit Hyperlinking as part of its initiative to improve ease of access to exhibit information – all but eliminating the need to search. 





Categories 
Administration

Disclosure Research

External Reporting

Internal Reporting

Stock Plan Accounting and Reporting

Stock Plan Administration

Uncategorized


Subscribe via Email 
Follow Certent With an RSS Feed
On Facebook
On Twitter
On LinkedIn
On Google+
  Most Recent Posts 

The Stock Plan Area Barbara Baksa Says Companies Get Wrong


Certent Acquires IBM Cognos Disclosure Management


FASB – Current Taxonomy Process & Suggestions for Improvement


President Trump’s Tax-Reform Principles Could Affect Stock Compensation


Certent Announces 30+% Increase in Year-over-Year Client Base and 25+% 4-Year Compound Annual Growth Rate


 Most Recent CommentsArchive 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015

Tag Cloudaccounting
compensation accounting
compliance
disclosure management
disclosure management solution
disclosure research
EDGAR
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
equity accounting
equity administration
equity award
equity awards
Equity compansation
equity compensation
equity compensation plan
equity management
Equity plan
ESPP
executive compensation
FASB
financial reporting
financial wellness
IPO
peer benchmarking
performance award
plan design
SEC
SEC filing
SEC reporting
stock plan
stock plan administration
Stock plan communication
stock plan participant
stock plan participation
XBRL
XBRL errors
XBRL quality
XBRL tagging
XBRL US
 






 

				Awards and Recognition
			
































				Join thousands of your fellow stock plan and financial reporting professionals.			

 
Enter your email to have our weekly blog digest, full of tips, trends, and best practices in equity compensation and financial compliance, delivered right to your inbox.
 



			CLOSE X            






























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




























equities product - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Global Equity Income Fund - Seeking High Yield Equities



Ad
 ·
en-us.janushenderson.com/​GlobalEquity



Learn more about our differentiated income option: all equities with no leverage




Home Equities Search Listings - Search for Home Equities Info



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​home-equities



Find Home Equities Results on Alothome.com. Browse Home Equities Listings.




What Are Equities Funds - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​What Are Equities Funds



Search for What Are Equities Funds. Find What Are Equities Funds.




What Is Home Equity - What Is Home Equity. Find Results.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​What Is Home Equity



What Is Home Equity. Find Results. See Reference.com Related Content.





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles





Searches related toequities product



types of equity products


equity products definition


home equity products


best home equity products



structured equity products


equity derivative products


private equity products


types of equity derivatives




Web Results

Equity derivative - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equity_derivative


In finance, an equity derivative is a class of derivatives whose value is at least partly derived from one or more underlying equity securities. Options and futures ...


Equity Index Products - CME Group

www.cmegroup.com/trading/equity-index


Find a complete listing of equity (stock) index futures and options products on numerous indexes, ADV and resources provided by CME Group.



Mini S&P 500



E-Mini Dow ($5)



E-mini Nasdaq 100 Futures



S&P 500 Futures



Markets and Securities Services - Products - Equities

https://www.citibank.com/mss/products/equities


Citi Equities provides a broad range of products and services for equity and equity-linked instruments. We are involved in sales, trading, financing and market-making.


Brand equity - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand_equity


Purpose. The purpose of brand equity metrics is to measure the value of a brand. A brand encompasses the name, logo, image, and perceptions that identify a product ...


Equities products | Euronext

https://www.euronext.com/market-data/products-by-asset/523489


Euronext, the first pan-European exchange, spanning Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Portugal and the UK. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and ...


Product Associate, Equities - SmartRecruiters

https://www.smartrecruiters.com/OppenheimerFunds/111738842-product...


OppenheimerFunds is seeking a Product Associate for its Equity Product Management team. The Product Associate will help position a set of investment strategies ...


Equities Traded at the NYSE

https://www.nyse.com/products/equities


Traded Products. Equities. MARKET QUALITY PERFORMANCE 1. Stocks trade on multiple markets, but the listing venue has a unique responsibility to:


6 Types of Equity Derivatives and Their Advantages ...

www.investorguide.com/...equity-derivatives-and-their-advantages-igu


6 Types of Equity Derivatives and Their Advantages. ... will give you a better grasp on the complexities of the stock market. Equity derivatives, for instance, ...


Brand Equity - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/b/brandequity.asp


The value premium that a company realizes from a product with a recognizable name as compared to its generic equivalent. Companies can create brand equity for their ...


Equity products - European Investment Fund

www.eif.org/what_we_do/equity


EIF is a leading financial institution in the European Private Equity market. Through our venture capital and private equity interventions, we play a crucial role in ...










Global Equity Income Fund - Seeking High Yield Equities



Ad
 ·
en-us.janushenderson.com/​GlobalEquity



Learn more about our differentiated income option: all equities with no leverage




Home Equities Search Listings - Search for Home Equities Info



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​home-equities



Find Home Equities Results on Alothome.com. Browse Home Equities Listings.




What Are Equities Funds - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​What Are Equities Funds



Search for What Are Equities Funds. Find What Are Equities Funds.




What Is Home Equity - What Is Home Equity. Find Results.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​What Is Home Equity



What Is Home Equity. Find Results. See Reference.com Related Content.





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles




Searches related toequities product



types of equity products


equity products definition


home equity products


best home equity products



structured equity products


equity derivative products


private equity products


types of equity derivatives




12345Next






Answers







Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management



Choi Bhang-Gil Product and services Shinhan BNP Paribas offers a wide range of products, including fixed income products, domestic equities products,...

more






Seychelles Securities Exchange (Trop-X)



Forex products and more. Trop-X went live August 2013 with the listing of State Assurance Corporation of Seychelles (SACOS) on the Main Board of its...

more






Natixis Global Asset Management



fundamental and value management of European large caps, European small & mid caps, insurance equities. Investment and client Global multi-asset class...

more










equities product News






Sanlam Private Equity acquires majority stake in JAB Dried Fruit...



Cape Business News Daily News

 - Jul 24


Sanlam Private Equity (SPE) has acquired a 60% interest in the dried fruits and nuts processing business, JAB Dried Fruit Products (Pty) Ltd. JAB Dried Fruit Products was founded by the Barnard...

more





Product Profile – New Products



Truck Trend RSS Feed

 - Jul 21


Hanging in the Shade Covercraft is teaming up with Carhartt on the UVS Custom Sunscreen. By reducing the amount of harmful UV rays that enter the interior through the windshield, the Carhartt Brown...

more





Product Profile – New Products



Sport Truck RSS Feed

 - Jul 21


Hanging in the Shade Covercraft is teaming up with Carhartt on the UVS Custom Sunscreen. By reducing the amount of harmful UV rays that enter the interior through the windshield, the Carhartt Brown...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








