


SEVP of Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF), Peters Scott M., sells 13,689 shares worth 9,996








































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured NewsFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalPress ReleaseReviewShoppingSportsStocksTechnologyTravelWorld


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed









Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping




Our Writers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
Press Releases
















SEVP of Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF), Peters Scott M., sells 13,689 shares worth $199,996
According to Regions Financial Corporation's most recent Form 4 filing with the SEC dated Jul 27 04:45 PM, company SEVP, Peters Scott M. disclosed selling 13,689 shares at a cost of $14.61. At the time of this transaction (Jul 26), this trade was worth $199,996 in total. As of Jul 26, Peters Scott M. now owns 147,528 shares in total worth about $2,122,927.92. 
For the last few recent trades made by Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) SEVP, Peters Scott M., we have the following information:




SEC Form 4 filing: Nov 16: Sold 44,485 shares at the rate of $13.25 per share. Total worth of this trade was $589,595. Total number of shares owned as of Nov 16 were 263,430
SEC Form 4 filing: Aug 26: Sold 23,391 shares at the rate of $9.73 per share. Total worth of this trade was $227,618. Total number of shares owned as of Aug 26 were 167,638
SEC Form 4 filing: Jan 23: Sold 13,707 shares at the rate of $10.82 per share. Total worth of this trade was $148,310. Total number of shares owned as of Jan 23 were 82,661




					Posted by  



George Daniels 

					
					on Thursday July 27 2017, 5:41 PM EDT. 

All trademarks acknowledged. 
Filed under Stocks.

	Comments closed, Trackbacks open.	
 Follow responses: 
RSS 2.0




Comments are closed


 Latest News 
SEVP of Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF), Peters Scott M., sells 13,689 shares worth $199,996
Chief Product Officer of Alarm (NASDAQ:ALRM), Kerzner Daniel, sells 18,500 shares worth $685,240
10% Owner of InfraREIT (NYSE:HIFR), Teachers Insurance & Annuity A, sells 75,000 shares worth $1,698,660
Chief Systems Architect of Alarm (NASDAQ:ALRM), Hutz David, sells 3,500 shares worth $131,005
EVP & CCO of Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK), Goss Cathy P, sells 3,793 shares worth $101,728
10% Owner of Intellicheck (NYSEMKT:IDN), Awm Investment Company, Inc., sells 400 shares worth $1,413
EVP Chief Customer Officer of Juniper Networks (NYSE:JNPR), Molinaro Vincent, sells 5,031 shares worth $150,930
Secretary of FCB Financial Holdings (NYSE:FCB), Oran Stuart I, sells 3,000 shares worth $144,303
VP Finance and CFO of Commvault Systems (NASDAQ:CVLT), Carolan Brian, sells 8,000 shares worth $503,600
EVP Renewal Sales of PTC Inc (NASDAQ:PTC), Dibona Anthony, sells 2,205 shares worth $123,212

 


News Categories 
Business (7)

Stocks (15,605)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured News (3,486)

Featured Press Release (253,412)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Press Release (17)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Technology (194)

Travel (286)

World (1,367)


  Featured Press Releases 
SEVP of Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF), Peters Scott M., sells 13,689 shares worth $199,996
Chief Product Officer of Alarm (NASDAQ:ALRM), Kerzner Daniel, sells 18,500 shares worth $685,240
10% Owner of InfraREIT (NYSE:HIFR), Teachers Insurance & Annuity A, sells 75,000 shares worth $1,698,660
Chief Systems Architect of Alarm (NASDAQ:ALRM), Hutz David, sells 3,500 shares worth $131,005
EVP & CCO of Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK), Goss Cathy P, sells 3,793 shares worth $101,728
10% Owner of Intellicheck (NYSEMKT:IDN), Awm Investment Company, Inc., sells 400 shares worth $1,413
EVP Chief Customer Officer of Juniper Networks (NYSE:JNPR), Molinaro Vincent, sells 5,031 shares worth $150,930
Secretary of FCB Financial Holdings (NYSE:FCB), Oran Stuart I, sells 3,000 shares worth $144,303
VP Finance and CFO of Commvault Systems (NASDAQ:CVLT), Carolan Brian, sells 8,000 shares worth $503,600
EVP Renewal Sales of PTC Inc (NASDAQ:PTC), Dibona Anthony, sells 2,205 shares worth $123,212







Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping
 

About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Press Releases
Terms Of Service
 
Log in 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Peters & Scott Mds                                                                                                       - Mountain View                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Mountain View



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Offices And Clinics Of Medical Doctors



                            Peters & Scott Mds
                                    



 





















P 


Peters & Scott Mds                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



515 SOUTH DR STE 15 MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040
Get Directions



(650) 961-9430
www.northerncaliforniaheadacheclinic.com                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $114,604.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Medical Doctors
 Contacts Alfred Scoop                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Offices And Clinics Of Medical Doctors. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






























Scotts Homepage | Scotts











    Skip to main content








Customize by Zip Code





CanadaUSA











 




Menu
Search
User Account









Scotts









 














Search




 
























 



























 
















 
































 

























My Lawn by Scotts
Your Yard's New Best Friend
iTunes Google Play



Follow Scotts on Facebook
  and stay connected to the lawn conversation.

Get Your Free Personalized Lawn Care Plan from Scotts®

CLICK HERE





See more lawn beauty @scottslawn on Instagram



❮❯











 







 
 







 
 

















 
 








Dr. Scott Peters, Podiatric Medicine - Cleveland , OH  | Sharecare










































Ask a health related question:














Join Sharecare

Log In














Find a Doctor
Health Experts
Topics
Video
Health Tools
















Profile


Locations


More











Find a Doctor



|



Podiatric Medicine



|



OH



|



Cleveland



|


Dr. Scott Peters, DPM



















Dr. Scott Peters

Podiatric Medicine


Cleveland, OH


Male

23 Years of Experience


27 Insurance Plans



Languages supported at his practice: English, Russian










Accepting New Patients





Electronic Health Records










Dr. Peters' Background






Bio


Scott G. Peters, DPM is a practicing Podiatrist  (Foot Specialist) in Cleveland, OH. Dr. Peters graduated from Ohio State University College of Medicine in 1994 and has been in practice for 23 years. Dr. Peters accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medical Mutual of Ohio and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Peters's practice supports this language: Russian. 





Specialties


Podiatric Medicine





Education




Medical School, 1994

Ohio State University College of Medicine
Columbus, OH







Learn More About Podiatric Medicine




Article

See All Articles 











5 Exercises to Strengthen Your Bones


                                                    Exercise is good for more than just your heart, lungs and muscles. Physical activity is one of the best ways to keep your bones healthy, whether you’re young or old. Bones are living organs, says Carmelita
...Read More






Questions

See All Questions 





What is a tilt table test?




What should I expect during a peripheral arterial evaluation?










Primary Location






730 SOM Ctr Rd Ste 350
Cleveland, OH 44143

See All Locations
















Phone Number



Have you visited Dr. Peters before?
Yes
No




440-460-0444



440-460-0444
















Similar Doctors











Dr. Barbara Marshall

Podiatric Medicine


5885 Landerbrook Dr Ste 150
Cleveland, OH 44124









Dr. John Ellis

Podiatric Medicine


730 SOM Ctr Rd
Cleveland, OH 44143









Dr. David Hehemann

Podiatric Medicine


6563 Wilson Mills Rd Ste 101
Cleveland, OH 44143









Dr. Daniel Cavolo

Podiatric Medicine


850 Brainard Rd
Cleveland, OH 44143




































Scott M. Peters Photography









































Making Waves










































Skip to content
Skip to sales information









shopping cart
 


Information for: Authors | Instructors | Media | Booksellers


 

Quick search: search for products or web pages, depending on options selected below





Products

Site







Home
Browse

Subjects
Series
New Releases
Seasonal Catalog
Digital Products
Distributed Clients
Award Winners


About

Mission Statement
Open Access
Digital Scholarship
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Careers
Support Us


Contact

Address/Phone
Staff Directory
Permissions
Coursepack Requests
Reprint Requests
Electronic File Requests
Subsidiary Rights
For Authors
For Instructors
For Media
Subscribe to Updates


Ordering

General Information
Ordering Books
Ordering Policies
Ebooks/Digital Products
Promotion Codes
Shipping
Credit Terms/Payments
Discount Schedules
Returns Policy
Sales Information
Sales Representation


English Language Teaching

ELT Home
Products by Skills
Contact
Ordering
Exam/Desk Copies




 















Enlarge jacket/cover



Google Search Inside







Subjects

Michigan and the Great Lakes - History
History - Labor History
Michigan and the Great Lakes - Maritime

BISAC Categories

History - United States/State & Local/General
Transportation - Ships & Shipbuilding/History





Making Waves
Michigan’s Boat-Building Industry, 1865-2000
Scott M. Peters
An entertaining study of how Michigan put American boat building on the map





Description





Michigan will always be known as the automobile capital of the world, but the Great Lakes State boasts a similarly rich heritage in the development of boat building in America. By the late nineteenth century, Michigan had emerged as the industry’s hub, drawing together the most talented designers, builders, and engine makers to produce some of the fastest and most innovative boats ever created. Within decades, gifted Michigan entrepreneurs like Christopher Columbus Smith, John L. Hacker, and Gar Wood had established some of the nation’s top boat brands and brought the prospect of boat ownership within reach for American consumers from all ranges of income. More than just revolutionizing recreational boating, Michigan boat builders also left their mark on history—from developing the speedy runabouts favored by illicit rum-runners during the Prohibition era to creating the landing craft that carried Allied forces to shores in Europe and the Pacific in WWII. In Making Waves, Scott M. Peters explores this intriguing story of people, processes, and products—of an industry that evolved in Michigan but would change boating across the world.


Scott M. Peters is Curator of Collections at the Michigan Historical Museum in Lansing and a lifelong Great Lakes boater. A frequent contributor to Michigan History Magazine, he has been collecting information on the state’s boat-building industry for the past 25 years.


Praise / Awards


"Complete with photographs, maps, and appendices that provide statistical information on production, employment, and geographic distribution of boat-builders, Making Waves should have a place in every ship's library." --Ross Coen, Michigan Historical Review
"Making Waves is certainly an important contribution to Great Lakes maritime research." --Inland Seas

Named a 2016 Michigan Notable Book
Winner of the 2016 Stuart D. and Vernice M. Gross Award





Look Inside
Table of Contents





News, Reviews, Interviews
Interview | Michigan State University's WKAR

Interview | ABC 10 News



 



Product Details

  DOI: 10.3998/mpub.5631582


6 x 9.
328pp.
27 B&W Illustrations; 5 tables.


            Available for sale worldwide
  


Hardcover
2015
Available


978-0-472-07257-6


Add to Cart

$70.00 U.S.



Paper
2015
Available


978-0-472-05257-8


Add to Cart

$29.95 U.S.


Related Products

Making Waves
Ebook
978-0-472-12098-7
View Options



nothing




nothing



nothing




Stay connected








 

 
 


Help
Advanced Search
FAQ
Accessibility
Site Map

University of Michigan Press 839 Greene Street Ann Arbor, MI 48104-3209
University of Michigan Press home | English Language Teaching home
Michigan Publishing | University of Michigan Library | University of Michigan

Except where otherwise noted, this work is subject to a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license. ©2017, Regents of the University of Michigan.



 
 


   Dr. Scott Peters | Endodontist in Mankato, MN                                               507-386-0288  1570 Adams StMankato, MN 56001  507-473-4111  1206 Front StAlbert Lea, MN 56007               Request An Appointment                             Dr. Scott Peters    Scott Peters, DDS, MSDr. Scott Peters was raised in Little Falls, MN. He attended Concordia College and the University of Minnesota Dental School. After earning his DDS degree, Dr. Peters practiced general dentistry in the United States Navy for 9 years, with tours in California; Okinawa, Japan; and Newport, RI. Dr. Peters also served on the USS Peleliu for 6 months as a dentist for deployed Marines.Following service in the Navy, Dr. Peters attended Northwestern University Dental School in Chicago, IL, where he received his master’s degree and Certificate in Endodontics. Dr. Peters then practiced for 2 years in southeast Wisconsin while waiting for his wife, Mary, to retire from military service.Dr. Peters is a member of the American Dental Association, American Association of Endodontics, Minnesota Dental Association, Minnesota Association of Endodontists, and the South Central Dental Study Club.Dr. Peters moved to Mankato in 1998 and established Southern Minnesota Endodontics, PA. In his spare time, Dr. Peters enjoys fishing, boating, pheasant hunting, and spending time traveling with his family.                   × Request An Appointment                              Are you a current patient?     Submit        Your request has been sent -- we will be in contact with you shortly. There was an error! Please phone our office.           × Doctor Referral    [referralForm]    
