    Derek Peterson | Intelligent Product Solutions | ZoomInfo.com

























Derek Peterson, Terra Tech Founder, Ditched Wall Street For Marijuana Business | HuffPost
























































Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close


















HUFFINGTON POST



08/27/2012 01:08 pm ET
|

Updated
Nov 08, 2012



Derek Peterson, Terra Tech Founder, Ditched Wall Street For Marijuana Business






By Janean Chun










1k















170










As far as Derek Peterson sees it, Wall Street can't compete with the marijuana business. 
After a decade in investment banking, in late 2009, Peterson learned that a friend's marijuana dispensary was clearing $18 million a year, dwarfing Peterson's $300,000 to $400,000 annual salary at Morgan Stanley.
"The place was the size of a Starbucks and had about 900 patients a day," said Peterson, now 38. "I was a finance guy, always analyzing different industries. I started looking at the products and services utilized in this industry, the economics behind it and how I could prosper from a peripheral business."
Peterson launched GrowOp Technology in May 2010 as a side business, selling "plug and play" mobile hydroponic trailers equipped with everything necessary to grow medical marijuana. 
Morgan Stanley fired him seven months later for his pot side business -- unfairly, Peterson claims. He said saw many of his colleagues running side businesses. 
"Morgan Stanley Smith Barney believes it treated Mr. Peterson fairly and appropriately, including in its application of its well-established policy requiring disclosure and approval of outside business activities," a Morgan Stanley Smith Barney spokeswoman told The Huffington Post.
Rather than joining another Wall Street firm, Peterson decided to get serious about weed. Through one of GrowOp's investors Peterson had the opportunity in February 2012 to merge with Terra Tech Corp., a publicly-traded firm that was getting out of the voice IP industry. 
Besides selling hydroponic trailers for $30,000 to $80,000, his company makes hydroponic equipment, acquiring smaller retailers and creating new technology, including an iPhone app that allows growers to monitor crops remotely. Terra Tech projects 2012 revenues of more than $1 million.
HuffPost Small Business recently asked Peterson what it's like to go from Wall Street to weed.
Were you anxious leaving Wall Street to enter such a risky industry? 
It was frightening. I had a billion second thoughts. I spent 10 years building up to where I was, and was walking away from periodic seven-figure bonuses, benefits, expense accounts and perks to run my own company, living off my savings. But I had a conversation with my family, and with my wife behind me, I jumped in and started kicking with both feet.
What did your peers on Wall Street think?
For the most part, everyone was excited. There was a lot of press at the time around the "green rush," so they understood there was a market opportunity, but I could tell they thought I was crazy for leaving the comfort of Wall Street. For me, it was more important to make some sort of impact, create some jobs and actually contribute to society in some small way.
What Wall Street principles did you want to apply to the medical marijuana industry?
I saw a fragmented industry and knew it was a good opportunity for mergers and acquisitions, for the consolidation of mom-and-pop shops that didn't have an exit strategy or ability to monetize. The first and simplest concept I brought was economies of scale. You've got a thousand different retailers all buying at standard price, so by forming a buying group, you could compete for better pricing. We're going for complete vertical integration, to try to amalgamate the industry.
Was it difficult to break into a business in which the players weren't necessarily familiar with these principles?
It's a cultural industry in which people are congealed by loyalty and don't want outsiders coming in and shaking things up too much. We found it was easier for us to present the opportunity to bigger chains that had business acumen.
Besides the inside adjustments, do you feel the outside pressure of being in a controversial industry?
I never wanted to get involved with the plant directly, because of state and federal laws. If we owned a dispensary, that would be a different ballgame, but we do a good job of keeping it at arm's length. We sell hydroponic equipment to cultivate products, whether that's food or cannabis, so we haven't felt any pushback. As dispensaries close, we've even seen an uptick as patients come to companies like us to cultivate their own medicine. At the end of the day, patients who are going to consume are going to consume. There's demand for the product, whether it's a white market, black market or gray market. 
Are you motivated by personal as well as professional reasons? 
I broke my neck five years ago in a surfing accident. I landed head first on a sandbar, and in the hospital, they put me on this painkiller. You feel unbelievable when you're on it, but it's the worst withdrawal ever. I started utilizing cannabis, not only in smokable form, but in creams for my back. So I'm a huge proponent from understanding firsthand its efficacy and lack of side effects. I find it frustrating, as an entrepreneur, when the economy is in the state it's in, watching businesses creating full-time, well-paying, fully benefited jobs shut down by the feds. It's difficult for me to wrap my head around why it's not taxed, regulated and legalized. I don't understand why we're pushing it in the opposite direction right now.
What's your vision for your company?
To continue with M&A, expand our product lineups and integrate technology. We've made an environmental controller where farmers can control the cycle of cultivation, turn lights on and off, monitor CO2 levels, temperature and dehumidifiers from an iPhone or iPad. If they get a perfect crop, they can pull that data off the digital control and replicate it for the next crop. Increased technology can make indoor cannabis growing more environmentally friendly as well as add value to agriculture, given the droughts and our fragmented food distribution system.
You want to change the industry with innovative technology that could also have mainstream applications that change the way we live. So you're kind of like the Steve Jobs of weed?
Wow. I hope so.
Entrepreneur Spotlight
Name: Derek PetersonCompany: GrowOp Technology, merged into Terra Tech Corp.Age: 38Location: Irvine, Calif.Started: May 2010, merged in February 2012Employees: 82012 Projected Revenues: More than $1 million Website: http://www.terratechcorp.com/
HuffPost Live will be taking a comprehensive look at America’s failed war on drugs Aug. 28 and Sept. 4 from 12-4 p.m. EDT and 6-10 p.m. EDT.  Click here to check it out -- and join the conversation.





Derek Petersen, CEO of Terra Tech







Derek Petersen, CEO of Terra Tech









Derek Petersen, CEO of Terra Tech
























1


of

9



Pot In Every Home?
Later this year, Terra Teach is launching the "herbNgarden," an under-counter unit about the size of a dishwasher that aeroponically cultivates produce. It's fully automated so you set it like a dishwasher and simply add nutrients. Peterson called it "an appliance that actually pays [people] back." 


Share this slide:




















Terra Tech



























Suggest a correction





Janean Chun







MORE:

Small Business Success Stories


Wall Street To Weed


Terra Tech


Calgary Landlord Growop


Derek Peterson
































































Sign up for our email.
Find out how much you really know about the state of the nation.









































Derek Peterson, Terra Tech Founder, Ditched Wall Street For Marijuana Business




1k












170




















CONVERSATIONS






































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









About The Peterson Cartridge Company & Our Team
















                                        Home                





                                        About Us                







                                        About Us                





                                        News                





                                        Technical Articles                





                                        Contact Us                








                                        Our Difference                







                                        Drawing Brass                





                                        Quality Assurance                





                                        Accuracy / Precision                








                                        Shooters                







                                        Evaluation Shooters                





                                        Sponsored Shooters                








                                        Products                







                                        .408 CheyTac®                





                                        .375 CheyTac®                





                                        .338 Lapua Magnum                





                                        6.5 Creedmoor                





                                        .260 Remington                





                                        .308 Winchester                





                                        .308 Palma                





                                        Reviews                








                                        Order Online                

























About Us

Peterson Cartridge is dedicated to producing the best casings for long-distance shooters.

	Founded in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania by Derek Peterson and his two business partners, Peterson Cartridge was built with one main goal. That goal is to produce extremely consistent, American-Made brass rifle casings which are designed around, and for, long-distance shooters.

	Unlike most of its competitors, Peterson Cartridge has devoted its entire facility, machinery, and laboratory to producing only brass rifle casings. Specialization is the driving principle behind Peterson Cartridge only producing one component of a multi-component finished product.

	In our mind, if you want precision projectiles, purchase them from a company that specializes in projectiles. If you want consistent propellant and primers, purchase them from a company that specializes in propellant and primers. And if you want extremely precise and consistent brass rifle casings, purchase them from us, Peterson Cartridge.

	We are a proud member of the Peterson Brothers, Inc. team and are made with pride, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania USA

Order Brass Now

	 

	Management Team




				Derek Peterson President

				Derek Peterson is the founder/owner/manager of Peterson Cartridge Company. Born in Western Pennsylvania, Derek chose to harness his passion for shooting to found Peterson Cartridge Company. Derek is a current member of the National Shooting Sports Foundation as well as a Life Member of the NRA.












			 






				Andy Brown Controller

				Andy Brown is the Controller at Peterson Cartridge. Before coming to Peterson Cartridge, Andy worked in public accounting doing auditing and tax preparation. He was most recently the controller for a specialty construction company. A graduate of Thiel College, Andy holds dual degrees in accounting and business administration.












			 






				Joe Coury Director of Development







				Joe Coury serves as the director of development for Peterson Cartridge. In this role, Joe is responsible for building strong relationships with OEM customers, cultivating strategic alliances with industry partners and setting the overall sales and marketing strategy. Joe brings more than two decades of international sales and marketing leadership experience to his position at Peterson Cartridge. Most recently, Joe served as a defense industry consultant, with an emphasis in the US, Middle East and Brazil, for a variety of contractors, including global firearms, ammunition and weapon system manufacturers.

				Joe frequently presents at industry events including Shot Show, the International Defence Exhibition & Conference (IDEX) and the Association of the United States Army (AUSA) Annual Meeting & Expo, and is an active member of the AUSA, National Rifle Association (NRA) and Tennessee Firearms Association (TFA). He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Blue Strong, a non-profit organization dedicated to US law enforcement appreciation, and Down Town Dogs, a Tennessee-based animal shelter.

				Having directed the purchase of millions of ammunition components in his career, Joe joined Peterson Cartridge because “the product quality is the best I’ve ever seen.”
				 













				Stan Hoover Ballistician

				Stan Hoover is the ballistician for Peterson Cartridge. In this role, Stan is in charge of the company’s in-house gun range where he performs live-fire testing of casings in different guns to confirm a good shooter experience. In addition, Stan uses the Universal Receiver to conduct pressure tests to ensure product quality and shooter safety. Prior to joining the company, Stan spent more than three decades as an engineer with a global manufacturing company. He has shot and reloaded ammunition since 1972.

				A life member of the North Side Sportsmen’s Association in Western Pa., Stan has served as the organization’s Rifle Range Chairman since 2012. He is also a member of the National Rifle Association (NRA) and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.
				 





				 







				Zach Aaron Quality Manager

				Zach Aaron serves as the Quality Manager for Peterson Cartridge. In this role, Zach is responsible for ensuring every cartridge shipped to customers meets the company’s stringent quality standards. He leads finished product inspection and oversees process controls in the manufacturing function. Prior to joining the company, Zach was the lead lab technician for a global manufacturer of ground control products for the mining industry, where he managed and analyzed product quality data and was involved in new product development.

				Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Pa., Zach earned a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Pittsburgh.







				 







				Matt Schuller Shop Manager

				Matt Schuller serves as the Shop Manager for Peterson Cartridge. He brings over 18 years of experience working in production and production management to the position. In addition, Matt is an OSHA certified instructor. Before coming to Peterson Cartridge, he worked in industrial manufacturing and with the fabrication of military vehicles. 

				 







				 







				Ben Preston Inspection and Shipping Manager



				Ben Preston serves as Inspection and Shipping Manager at Peterson Cartridge.  In this role, Ben is responsible for a stringent visual inspection process where he checks that every casing is free of defect.  Ben oversees incoming and finished goods inventory and works to meet shipping deadlines.

				Ben is an avid hunter and shooter with a passion and appreciation for high quality cartridges. 







				 







				Clint Horner Communications Manager

				Clint Horner is the Communications Manager for Peterson Cartridge. Clint is responsible for the digital and traditional marketing and advertising efforts at the company. He also helps with handling retail sales and customer support.

				Clint brings ten years of experience in digital marketing and web development to Peterson Cartridge. Before coming to Peterson, Clint worked at an internet marketing company where he specialized in SEO (search engine optimization) and inbound marketing.

				A graduate of the Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Clint holds Bachelor Degrees in Marketing and Web Design.

				 

				 







				 






	 


 Specializing in Swarovski binoculars, Zeiss binoculars, Leica and much more. Call (570) 368-3920



		 



		 



		 























Investments





























Helping management teams consistently grow value at their business, based on principles.



















HomeCultureCriteriaTeamsInvestmentsPhilosophyManagementEnd Structure







You are here: Home  Investments













				Investments			




VertMarkets






VertMarkets is a pioneering B2B media company devoted to connecting the world’s business and industry leaders within niche vertical markets.  These connections are initiated and fostered through a variety of media products which include; print publications, online publications, custom content services, social digital platforms, industry events, primary research and professional training courses.  Though VertMarkets has media products in 81 different vertical industries, it focuses primarily on Human Health related verticals which include; pharmaceuticals, healthcare, food, water and medical devices.   



				 





Jameson Publishing, formerly Corry Publishing, was launched in May 1980, with its first publication dated October 1980. At that time, Corry Publishing had three employees. During the early 1990s, the company moved to Erie, PA to help bolster its growth. The move worked. Today Jameson Publishing is a working group of markets  operating inside VertMarkets and has grown to include many other media products which include Web Communities, Print Magazines, Events and Content Publishing.



				 








Tom Roberts, President
					VertMarkets

 Mr. Roberts was appointed President of VertMarkets, Inc. in August 2001. He has led the effort to transform the Company from a publicly held traditional B2B publisher (formerly VerticalNet, Inc.) to a privately held market-focused media company.  When Peterson purchased the publishing assets from VerticalNet in 2003, Tom along with key members of the management team stayed with the assets and began running the new organization.

					Prior to being appointed President, Mr. Roberts served as Vice President of Corporate Strategy for VerticalNet.  Prior to joining VerticalNet in 2000, Mr. Roberts was a Vice President (Senior Partner ) with Oliver Wyman Consulting where he supported the Business Design and Digital Supply Chain practices.  Mr. Roberts received his BA in Econommics and his MBA in Coprorate Strategy from the University of Michigan.
					 




Jon Howland, Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
				VertMarkets

Jon joined the publishing company in 1993 as a salesperson. He continually increased his influence on additional products and markets as he led all aspects of growth from a print publishing company to a multi-channel Media Company. He is now then became VP of Sales & Marketing for all Media Company products where he helped facilitate connections and foster collaborations. Jon continued to increase his influence on every additional aspect of the business which led to his current position as CEO.






Corry Micronics




Corry Micronics has been producing electronic components since 1970. The company was originally established in response to the needs of the United States Department of Defense. Forty years later CMI’s products are sold to military, telecommunications, medical, industrial and aerospace customers. CMI has become known for its excellent quality, service and on-time deliveries.



				 







Don Pavlek, President and CEO
				Corry Micronics

Don is the president and CEO of Corry Micronics and is responsible for general management and product development.

				Don began his career with an Electronics Engineering Degree and added a Masters Degree while in the workforce. He launched a new product while working at Tollgrade, (a publicly traded telecommunications company) and built the product into a $15,000,000 division before moving to Corry Micronics.

Jim Price, Vice President, Engineering
				Corry Micronics

As VP of Engineering, Jim is responsible for product design, new product development, microwave & wireless products, and general technical management.



				 

				 



Bob Meilleur, Vice President of Operations
				Corry Micronics

As VP of Operations, Bob is responsible for manufacturing, vendor relations, facility management, product samples, large account management, and quoting.





	 

Black Knight Security




In times of uncertainty, preparedness is key. This is the premise that Dennis and his wife Sarah started the business with. Dennis began the operations in 2003 and ran the company untill 2010. He then connected with the Petersons to grow the business beyond where he had taken it. The business specializes in security for high-rise and high-occupancy buildings. In addition to guard services, Black Knight Security (BKS) helps its customers prepare for unexpected events such as a fire, a bomb threat, tornado, and even cardiac arrest. BKS provides a wide range of security services, from dependable security officers to emergency action planning and American Heart Association training.



				 







Dennis Lejeck, President
				Black Knight Security

Serving in the U.S. Army during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, Dennis Lejeck understands the importance of preparedness and security in times of uncertainty.

				His military experience and 16 years in private security have given him insights into the trends concerning security needs in the U.S. Having experience in all aspects of security operations, Mr. Lejeck was able to create a security firm that leads the industry in innovative programs for both its clients and employees. He now plans on getting the business to a much larger scale.

Mark Springer, Director of Bus. Dev.
				Black Knight Security

Mark joined Black Knight Security (BKS) in 2012 as our Director of Business Development. His primary objective is to market and build BKS into a regional security provider.  Prior to joining our team, Mark previously worked as the Vice President of Business Development for a Pittsburgh-based security provider. During his five year tenure there, Mr. Springer helped the company to expand their operations to cover a six state region.

				Mark is also a veteran of the United States Navy.






Peterson Cartridge




Peterson Cartridge is a brass casing manufacturer for large rifle bullet calibers. The equipment that produces its products was specially designed by an automation company. The automation company was tasked with refining the manufacturing process to consistently produce Match-grade casings which would compete with the best products on the market.



				 







Derek Peterson, President
				Peterson Cartridge

Derek was a partner at Black Knight Security for the three years prior to launching Peterson Cartridge. His first love was with all things gun related and he didn’t find the Security business as rewarding as he had hoped. The knowledge and skills necessary to draw quality casings to the standard the business called for took Derek more than a year to develop. Getting up and running required Derek to move out of state for several months to learn how to run the specialized equipment that had been built for the business before moving it to its home in Pittsburgh.



























HomeCultureCriteriaTeamsInvestmentsPhilosophyManagementEnd Structure











Derek Peterson, VP, Intelligent Product Solutions
















































Derek Peterson, VP, Intelligent Product Solutions













































































Home
Blogs
Photos
BE Lists
Newsletters


Follow us on: 
















  








 















 


              July 28, 2017 5:31 AM 
			  
          
              
                               
                             
    
    
                







Money

Investing
Consumer Affairs
Credit & Debt Management
Planning & Budgeting
Home Ownership
Wealth Management
Love & Money
Decoded


Career

BE High Society: Education
Find A Job
BE Jobs
Cool Jobs
Top Careers
Career Advice
Changing Lanes


Small Business

Getting Started
Home Based
Financing
Franchises
Your Business
Tools & Resources


Lifestyle

Arts & Culture
Travel & Leisure
Sports Biz
Fashion & Beauty

Entrepreneurs in Fashion


Health & Wellness
Entertaining


Tech

Tools
Tips
Products
People


EDUCATION
WOMEN
NEWS

Politics
Hot Topics
BE Politics


Videos
TV SHOWS

Our World with Black Enterprise
Women of Power
Black Enterprise Business Report


MAGAZINE
EVENTS

Entrepreneurs Summit
Black Men Xcel Summit
TechConneXt Summit
Women of Power Summit
ABFF Awards
American Black Film Festival


 











 Meet Software Engineer Derek Peterson, VP, Intelligent Product Solutions
Derek Peterson started his journey in tech before there was focus on diversity and inclusion. Beginning as software engineer and programmer, he is now a senior executive for one of the leading technology companies on the East Coast



      by Samara Lynn   
      Posted: July 25, 2016 



















A-  
A  
A+  




 (Image: File)

Derek Peterson is the VP of software and business development at Intelligent Product Solutions (IPS) and is an expert in software engineering. Currently, he focuses on creating and executing enterprise software services and products.
Peterson has created software products that are deployed on more than 100,000 devices worldwide. Prior to his position at IPS, he was Senior Director of engineering at Symbol Technologies, where he created and implemented the Symbol (Motorola) Software Test and Validation department and procedures. He also holds Bachelor of Science degrees in computer science and applied math from SUNY Stony Brook.
Black Enterprise sat down to interview the accomplished software engineering expert:
BE: What sparked your interest in technology?
Derek Peterson: I was going to go to Stony Brook to be a doctor. I was told in high school that I should take a programming class. I took a fortran and basic class—this was in ’83. People like Kurtis Blow and Run DMC were around. I made a breakdancing application in ‘83, and I was in the town newspaper–it had characters breakdancing. I was hooked.
I created a product for security for public libraries. Windows 3.1 was coming out [at the time] . People would monopolize [library] computers; there were fist fights. My product managed time control and print–when you [went] to print it charged you.
BE: What does IPS do, and what are you working on there?
DP: IPS is a full service product design firm. You come in with any idea you can think of—[from] wearables to full body scans—and we can do that. We make it.  We’re an “under one roof team,” so we have software engineers, mechanical engineers, industrial designers—all disciplines
[We] did a project for Pepsi, for Verizon. Right now, I am doing a project for Google; we are doing manufacturing in Taipei.
BE: When you were pursuing your degree, was there talk about diversity in STEM then?
DP: No, I never really heard talk about diversity then. It wasn’t like nowadays.
BE: What, in your opinion, is the biggest roadblock for more people of color in acquiring a STEM education and careers in technology and engineering?
DP: I think knowledge is power. They don’t think it’s attainable. Everyone is always thinking, “I’m going to be a doctor, lawyer, accountant…” no one really throws in engineering and all that math and science. It’s not glamorous per se, but in my field and career, I’ve traveled the world.
It’s awareness, you need the awareness.
 
 

  ﻿
     
  ﻿
    


RELATED STORIES

Black Engineers Ready for Takeoff With Aerospace Conference
South Central Scholars Support STEM Success
New Wearable Tech to Prevent Zika
BE Test Drive: My Verizon App
The Key to Running a Business as a New Parent
[Recap] #TECHCNXT: Twitter Chat with Emeka Okoye
Matthew Nelson Proves It’s Never Too Late to be an Engineer
Nerd Power: From Engineers to Entrepreneurs
Slack Engineer Duretti Hirpa on Why Diversity in Tech Matters































A-  
A  
A+  

 

 


 













 
 




ADVERTISEMENT  
ADVERTISEMENT 




 


 








Advertisement




        © 2017        
          Black Enterprise, Black Enterprise Magazine. All rights reserved.       






About Us
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Customer Service
Give a Gift
Management
Wealth For Life
Contact Us
Site Map
Glossary
Masthead
Media Kit
RSS













































   Derek Peterson | Mutual of Omaha Insurance and Investment Professional in Bloomington, MN
  


















































Derek Petersen's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Derek Petersen#464470@tuxracerLyft82Following39FollowersFollow22 UpvotesAfterShip for AndroidTrack where your package is & when it's arrivingTech+ 1 save 193 1010,000 sentencesLearn new words in foreign languagesLearn a Language+ 2 save 217 4Snapchat GroupsA new way to communicate with up to 16 friends on SnapchatiPhone+ 3 save 754 47Mime et moiShoes with five interchangeable heel heightsSneakers and Shoes+ 2 save 77 9Sparkle BootiesShoes that illuminate when hit by a direct light ✨Wearables+ 3 save 39 3Snapchat MemoriesSave and search for snaps on SnapchatiPhone+ 4 save 824 59OK GoogleExplore over 150 Google Now voice commands in one placeTech+ 4 save 1400 78ZenlyLocate your friends in realtime - GPS trackeriPhone+ 4 save 858 76PoliteAutomatically silence your phone during calendar eventsTech+ 2 save 50 9Snapchat Chat 2.0All-new Chat with stickers, audio, video notes and moreiPhone+ 4 save 851 37Swarm 4.0Compete with friends based on the places you goiPhone+ 4 save 505 50DJI Phantom 4Can dodge obstacles and track humans.iPhone+ 3 save 800 26FoodieInstagram for foodiesiPhone+ 1 save 59 7CommunityHow to cultivate authentic, effective communitiesBooks save 31 0Perspecs NewsA new free app that curates the top news storiesiPhone+ 2 save 38 2All GoneThe finest of street culture 2015 (limited edition)Books save 16 0The Evolution Of WebdesignSee how one webpage has evolved since 1991Tech+ 1 save 443 14Gear 360Capture stunning 360 video for virtual reality, by SamsungOculus Rift+ 4 save 658 31Retro App StoreHow App Store would look like if it was launched in 80sTech+ 2 save 410 33Quartz for iPhoneAn ongoing conversation about the newsApple Watch+ 4 save 1517 92Share this profileRecent CommentsVR Desktop for MacAmazon Prime Rewards CardAmazon Prime Rewards CardSnapchat GroupsSnapchat Groups
















   Products - Derek Peterson | Mutual of Omaha Insurance and Investment Professional in Bloomington, MN
  












































