    Michael Petit | Pra Group Inc | ZoomInfo.com
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




	PAWJAMAS Trademark of Petit, Michael J. Serial Number: 78706817 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Leather Products (not including cloth...
PAWJAMAS










 
Get FREE email alerts













PAWJAMAS  Trademark Information
 Petit, Michael J




Perfect for these industries

Leather Products (not including clothing)





Words that describe this mark
clothing   dogs   cats    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PAWJAMAS trademark by Petit, Michael J 
                                in Plainville, MA, 02762.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PAWJAMAS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Petit, Michael J of the PAWJAMAS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PAWJAMAS trademark.
                           






On Monday, September 5, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PAWJAMAS by 
                        Petit, Michael J, Plainville, MA  02762.
                        The USPTO has given the PAWJAMAS 
                        trademark serial  number of  78706817.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION.
                        The correspondent listed for PAWJAMAS is 
                        
                        
                                            PETIT, MICHAEL J of 
                                            ,  30 BUGBEE ST STE B, PLAINVILLE, MA 02762-2653 
                                .
                            The PAWJAMAS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Leather Products (not including clothing)
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PAWJAMAS 
                            is NAMELY CLOTHING FOR DOGS AND CATS. 
                            





Word mark:
 PAWJAMAS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION

2/20/2007



  Serial Number:  
78706817


  Filing Date:  
9/5/2005


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
NAMELY CLOTHING FOR DOGS AND CATS


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/11/2006


Last Applicant/Owner:

Petit, Michael JPlainville, MA  02762
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


PETIT, MICHAEL J

30 BUGBEE ST STE B
PLAINVILLE, MA 02762-2653






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (018) - Leather and imitations of leather, and goods made of these materials and not included in other classes; animal skins, hides; trunks and travelling bags; umbrellas, parasols and walking sticks; whips, harness and saddlery. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PAWJAMAS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/20/2007
ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



PETIT, MICHAEL J


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PAWJAMAS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pawjamas on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PAWJAMAS 




PAWJAMAS is providing NAMELY CLOTHING FOR DOGS AND CATS.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Petit, Michael, J Trademarks :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








Petit, Michael, J Trademarks






AVAILABLE

PANTS , TSHIRTS, SHORTSOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 77033807











SCENTS AND THE CITY

scented candles that represent a city or region in the US for which the name of the aroma of the candle is synonymous with…Owned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78017178











BIG SHOTS BASEBALL

namely clothing, t-shirts, hats, shorts, socks, sweatsuitsOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78071824











SPANKERS

CLOTHES, NAMELY, T-SHIRTS, HATS, SWEATSHIRTS, SOCKS AND SHORTSOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78118036











AXLE & ROD

Mostly T-shirts, hats, shorts ,sweatshirts,socksOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78333124











WILLY SPANKER

clothing consisting of T-shirts, shorts,hats,sweatshirts, sweatpantsOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78493683











MUTTSCOTTS

Toys, games, and playthings, namely; plush toys and accessories therefor; stuffed toys and accessories therefor; dolls,…Owned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78496236











MR.REALITY

Toys, namely, plush toys and dollsOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78519105











THE BEEF STREET BOYS

Toys, namely, toy figures, dolls and plush toysOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78614323











NUTT BUSTERS

TOYS FOR SPORTS FANS, NAMELY PLUSH TOYSOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78623503











PAWJAMAS

NAMELY CLOTHING FOR DOGS AND CATSOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78706817











AMERICAN FIDO

toys that play music and singOwned by: Petit, Michael, JSerial Number: 78812997










Today on Verdict



The Democratsâ Better Way: Positive Messaging or Pandering to Trump Voters Who Are Never Coming Back?



George Washington law professor and economist praises Democrats for coming up with a message that preserves the partyâs commitment to social justice issues, rather than attempting to woo Trump voters by appealing to what Trump appealed to.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions









Michael David Petite Petit | Total Wine & More         

              Classes & Events   Guides & Advice   Request Missing Points   Order Status        Find a Store    Sign In/Register      Shopping List    0         	Return to top 









About MiMedx - Pete Petit, Chairman and CEO
















Skip to main content








 mimedx 









HomeAbout UsHistoryManagementBoard of DirectorsQuotationsHealing GiftsInvestors OverviewStock InformationSEC FilingsNews ReleasesEvents CalenderWebcasts & PresentationsAnalyst CoverageCorporate GovernanceInformation RequestProductsPURION Process AmnioFix EpiFixOrthoFloEpiCordAmnioCordAmnioFillCollaFixPatentsSafety/Quality Assurance/RegulatoryReducing WastageTherapeutic AreasAcute and Chronic WoundsSports MedicineSurgical ApplicationsEducation/ConferencesClinical/Scientific - Health Care ProfessionalsClinical PublicationsScientific PublicationsPostersContact UsCareers 









  
  



  
  



  
  



  
  



  
  



  
  



  
  






Previous

Pause

Next





 








 







MiMedx History 
Management 
Board of Directors
Quotations
Healing Gifts






MiMedx® History


Sales Team Attends One of the Company’s Education and Development Sessions

MiMedx Group, Inc. was incorporated on February 28, 2008. Its initial assets consisted of our HydroFix® and CollaFixTM technology platforms.
On January 5, 2011, the company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Surgical Biologics, LLC, and subsequently consolidated the corporate offices and operating facilities in Kennesaw, Georgia. This strategic acquisition brought together amnion tissue processing technology with MiMedx's experienced management team and extensive distribution network in order to position the company for market opportunities across multiple areas of medicine. After nearly two decades of human tissue experience, the Surgical Biologics founders had the vision to apply modern proprietary processing techniques to placental tissue to create unique ophthalmic, spinal, orthopedic, and dental implants.
At the time of the acquisition, Surgical Biologics distributed tissue in several different membrane sub-segments, such as ocular, dental, and spine. Early 2011, MiMedx launched AmnioFix® for applications in spinal procedures. AmnioFix® is used as a barrier membrane that reduces scar tissue formation between the dura and soft tissue. During 2011, the company launched EpiFix® nationwide. EpiFix® is an allograft specifically processed for acute and chronic wounds. The company further expanded its amnion product offering in 2011 with the introduction of AmnioFix® Wrap for both nerve and tendon protection applications. 
On January 13th, 2016, MiMedx® completed the acquisition of Stability Biologics, a provider of human tissue products to surgeons, facilities and distributors serving the surgical, spine and orthopedics sectors of the healthcare industry. Stability Biologics, which operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of MiMedx®, has developed an innovative proprietary platform in bioactive bone graft products and tissue allografts including structural/particulate bone, tendons/ligaments, structural allografts, demineralized bone matrix (DBM) and skin products for burns and traumatic wound care. To learn more about Stability Biologics product lines, click here.
 






 
Management
MiMedx® has built a management team with highly experienced healthcare executives with track records of leading large healthcare organizations in generating growth, producing profitability, and increasing shareholder value. Our management team draws on guidance from an insightful board of directors and medical advisory board. Collectively, they are committed to achieving success, accomplishing our corporate goals and growing the company. The management team at MiMedx® includes:-

 
  

 


 Parker H. "Pete" Petit | Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 

Mr. Petit joined MiMedx Group in February 2009 as the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A visionary healthcare executive, Mr. Petit has a history of developing companies from their emerging stages and leading them to maturity and significant stature in their respective markets. 
In 1970, Mr. Petit founded Healthdyne, an international healthcare company that manufactured high technology healthcare devices, provided healthcare information systems and technology, and provided healthcare services and disease management. The Healthdyne related companies grew to annual revenues in excess of $1 billion.  In order to increase shareholder values, Healthdyne was split into several publicly traded companies through public offerings and spinouts to shareholders.  Subsequently, the home infusion therapy subsidiary was sold to W. R. Grace Corporation.  In 1995, Healthdyne Maternity Management was merged with Tokos Medical to form Matria Healthcare.  At that point, Mr. Petit relinquished the CEO role and remained Chairman of the Board of all the companies.  In 1997, Healthdyne Technologies was merged with Respironics. Mr. Petit resumed the duties of President and CEO of Matria Healthcare in 2000.  In 2001, Healthcare.com, which was formerly Healthdyne Information Enterprises, merged with XCare.net Corporation to form Quovadx. Through Mr. Petit’s vision and leadership, Matria Healthcare transitioned into the industry’s only fully integrated health, productivity and disease management care continuum providing employer and health plan clients access to wellness programs, nurse triage services, decision support programs, disease management programs for chronic diseases, case management programs for acute and catastrophic conditions and unparalleled health data integration and informatics. Matria Healthcare was sold to Inverness Medical Innovations in May of 2008 in a transaction valued at over $1.2 billion.  
Mr. Petit served on the Board of Directors of Atlantic Southeast Airlines for 16 years until it was acquired by Delta Airlines, and Norrell Corporation, which was acquired by Spherion Corporation.  He currently serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Health Museum and is a member of the Board of Directors of Intelligent Systems Corporation. Mr. Petit currently serves as President of The Petit Group, an Investment Management Organization. Mr. Petit is a member of the Board of Directors of the Georgia Research Alliance, which is chartered by the state of Georgia to promote high technology and scientific development in the state, and he is a 1994 inductee into the Technology Hall of Fame of Georgia.  
Mr. Petit funded a professorial chair for “Engineering in Medicine” at Georgia Tech in 1986.  In 1995, he endowed the Petit Institute for Bioengineering and Biosciences at Georgia Tech.  In 2001, he helped fund the biotechnology building at Georgia Tech which has his name, and in 2004, the Science Center building at Georgia State University which also has his name.  
In 2007, he was inducted into the Georgia State Business School Hall of Fame.  In October of 2011, Mr. Petit was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering. Mr. Petit received his bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering and Master of Science degree in Engineering Mechanics from Georgia Tech.  He received his MBA degree in Finance from Georgia State University in 1973.


 
  

 William C. Taylor | President and Chief Operating Officer 
 Mr. Taylor joined MiMedx Group in June 2009 as a consultant and in September 2009, he was named President and Chief Operating Officer.  He was appointed to the MiMedx Board of Directors in October 2011.  Mr. Taylor is an operating executive with over 25 years’ experience leading fast growth medical device, design and manufacturing companies. 
Prior to joining MiMedx, Mr. Taylor was the Chief Executive Officer of Facet Technologies, LLC, the world-wide leader in microsampling devices, which were predominately used in diabetes care. Prior to being acquired by a private equity company, Facet was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Matria Healthcare, Inc. From 1994 through 1998, through the leadership of Mr. Taylor and the rest of the team, Facet grew from $14 million to nearly $40 million in revenue. Matria acquired Facet in 1999, and under Mr. Taylor’s leadership, Facet grew to be the global leader in microsampling devices with over a 50% market share and in excess of $85 million in revenue.  
During his 14 year career at Facet, he held various management positions, beginning with the Company’s head of R&D, QA & Regulatory Affairs and progressing through general management and ultimately, Chief Executive Officer. 
With Mr. Taylor as President and COO, MiMedx has put together an infrastructure that is more than capable of generating and serving the prolific demand for its products. Through Mr. Taylor’s operating expertise and the Company’s acquisition of exceptional talent, Mr. Taylor has positioned MiMedx in the critical areas of medical affairs, scientific research, product development, sales & marketing, regulatory affairs, engineering and operations to flawlessly perform through a rapid pace of year-over-year new product development and exponential sales growth. 
A graduate of Purdue University, Mr. Taylor holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering and is co-inventor on eight patents. Mr. Taylor also serves on the MiMedx Group Board of Directors. In 2011, Mr. Taylor was appointed and continues to serve as a member of the Advisory Board of the Georgia Tech Institute for Bioengineering and Bioscience. 
  

 Michael J. Senken | Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Senken has served as Chief Financial Officer of MiMedx since joining the Company in January 2010. Mr. Senken brings to MiMedx over 30 years of financial and operational leadership experience in high growth technology based manufacturing and services companies in large global publicly traded companies, as well as small startup companies. Mr. Senken has extensive experience building financial systems and processes to support rapid growth in lean manufacturing organizations. He also has significant experience in mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and raising capital, strategic planning, Sarbanes Oxley compliance, business controls, business process improvement, and complex financial reporting systems. 
Mr. Senken’s corporate experience prior to MiMedx includes senior level finance and general management positions at global leader Philips Electronics, in addition to Chief Financial Officer experience with a healthcare services startup organization and a market leading transportations services organization. 
Immediately before joining MiMedx, Mr. Senken was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Park-N-Fly, Inc., the leader in the off-airport parking and on-line reservation systems market with over 160 retail locations. He served with Park-N-Fly from 2007 to 2009. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Senken was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Patient Portal Technologies, a startup healthcare software and services company providing communications, logistics and entertainment services to hospital patients and staff. During 2005, Mr. Senken was a consultant for JC Jones LLC, providing Sarbanes Oxley compliance expertise to clients, including a $2B automobile parts manufacturing company. 
From 1980 to 2004, Mr. Senken held various financial management positions with the Phillips Consumer Electronics organization, last serving from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President & General Manager-Broadband Consumer Lifestyle, with responsibility for the strategy and business development of the Company’s product offerings in the emerging broadband connected consumer products sector of the industry. Prior thereto, he served Phillips from 1983 to 2002 in the capacity of Senior Vice President and General Manager of Philips Broadband Networks where he had full P&L responsibility with sales, manufacturing and product development locations in the U.S., Europe and Asia. He also served Phillips Broadband Networks as its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1986 to 1996 and as its Controller from 1983 to 1986. Mr. Senken joined the Phillips organization in 1980 as an auditor for Philips Electronics North America. 
Mr. Senken earned a B.A. in Accounting from Saint John’s University in 1980 and passed the CPA exam in the state of New York. He is a graduate of the Philips Global Leadership Development Program and has earned the Six Sigma Green Belt certification. 

 
  

 Alexandra Haden | General Counsel and Secretary 
 Ms. Haden has served in the capacity of General Counsel & Secretary since March 1, 2015. Ms. Haden joined MiMedx in June 2013 in the capacity of Senior Attorney. She served in that role until her promotion to the position of Assistant General Counsel in April 2014, where she served until her current appointment. Ms. Haden has over 15 years’ experience as both in-house and outside corporate counsel. She has expertise in general corporate and commercial law, mergers & acquisitions, employment law, labor arbitrations, litigation management intellectual property law, regulatory compliance, and domestic and international logistics. Ms. Haden has experience advising executives on difficult legal matters and business risks and developing legal strategies to position companies in the most favorable position to achieve their business goals.
Immediately prior to joining MiMedx, Ms. Haden served as Assistant General Counsel at Graphic Packaging International, Inc., a $4.2 billion publicly traded provider of packaging solutions for a wide variety of products to food, beverage and other consumer products companies with some of the most widely recognized brands in the world. Prior thereto, Ms. Haden served with Consolidated Container Company, LLC, the leading developer and manufacturer of rigid plastic packaging solutions in North America, from May 2004 until April 2007.
Prior to Consolidated, Ms. Haden served as counsel with the Atlanta, Georgia law firm of Elarbee, Thompson, Sapp & Wilson, LLP. Ms. Haden specialized in the defense of employment cases, EEOC charges, conciliation processes, employment contracts, arbitration policies, and collective bargaining actions and activities.
In 1999, Ms. Haden received her Juris Doctorate and began her law career. She earned her bachelor's degree in Public Policy from the University of Chicago in 1996 and her law degree from the University of North Carolina School of Law. 
  

 Christopher M. Cashman | EVP and Chief Commercialization Officer  
 Christopher M. Cashman joined MiMedx as the Company’s Executive Vice President & Chief Commercialization Officer in November 2014.  In his role, Mr. Cashman will contribute his expertise to the Company’s global sales & marketing functions, strategic planning and all related revenue growth initiatives.  Most recently, Mr. Cashman was President and Chief Executive Officer of SANUWAVE Health, a regenerative medicine company focused on the development and commercialization of Extracorporeal Shock Wave Technology for chronic wound care, orthopaedic, cardiovascular and plastic surgery. Before joining SANUWAVE, he served as President of Therapeutic Surfaces for Kinetic Concepts, Inc. (KCI), a worldwide leader in advanced wound healing products.  Prior to that, Mr. Cashman was President and Chief Executive Officer for Snowden Pencer, a manufacturer of minimally invasive devices and specialty surgical instrumentation.  He successfully led a management buyout of Snowden Pencer from Genzyme in 2001, and the business was sold in 2004 to Cardinal Health.  Mr. Cashman also held various sales, marketing and general management positions within divisions of Genzyme Biosurgery and Deknatel. Following his graduation from the United States Naval Academy, Mr. Cashman served as Supply Officer on the USS Trepang, a fast attack nuclear submarine.  Mr. Cashman is also an Industry Fellow and Advisor to the Georgia Research Alliance (GRA) where he guides and assists GRA Venture supported University research and early stage companies to aid in building successful businesses in the medical sciences and technology fields. He is also a Board Director for Bio/Med Investor Network.  Mr. Cashman holds an MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management, and is a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, where he received a Bachelor’s of Science in Economics.
  

 Deborah Dean | Executive Vice President 
 
In July 2012, Ms. Dean joined MiMedx in the capacity of Vice President of Operational Systems. In October 2012, Ms. Dean was appointed Executive Vice President of MiMedx.  Ms. Dean is an executive with C-Level expertise and experience in operations, general management, sales & marketing, business development, key account management, technology, data integration, analytics, applications development, informatics and technical infrastructure.   
Prior to joining MiMedx, Ms. Dean was President & Chief Operating Officer of HolaDoctor, the Number One Hispanic Health Digital Site and exclusive partner to Univision.com.  During her tenure with HolaDoctor, she played a key role in the transformation of the company from a primarily translation and research consulting company to a health information company delivering over 12 million digital impressions per month. 
Immediately prior to her association with HolaDoctor, Ms. Dean served with Matria Healthcare from 2005 to 2008. She began her career with Matria in the capacity of Vice President of Information Technology with responsibility for all Technology applications development, database management and systems networking and infrastructure. In February 2008, she was appointed to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer for Matria Healthcare reporting directly to the Chairman & CEO. In this elevated role, she assumed the additional responsibilities for the Product Management and Informatics Departments where she led the massive data integration of all disparate health plan, employer, Pharmacy Benefit Manager, and Third Party Administration systems into the Company’s proprietary health wellness and disease management software.  With her 15 years of healthcare expertise, Ms. Dean brought a proven process and development discipline to Matria Healthcare’s Technology organization.  She engineered and enhanced the architecture for data processing infrastructure of this disease management and wellness company to become a core selling point and strength. Matria Healthcare was sold to Inverness Medical Innovations in May 2008 in a transaction valued at over $1.2 billion. 
Prior to joining Matria, Ms. Dean was Senior Vice President of Research and Development and General Manager of the Provider Business for Quovadx, Inc., a leading healthcare integration company. While at Quovadx, she developed the premier eligibility and claims clearinghouse product that integrated the top clearinghouses such as HDX, WebMD, MedUnite, Proxymed and Medifax. Ms. Dean joined Quovadx via its acquisition of Healthcare.com (Healthdyne Information Enterprises) where she held key data warehousing and client informatics reporting management roles. Prior thereto, she served with Medstat (acquired by Thomson Reuters) in numerous data warehousing and informatics roles. 
Ms. Dean earned a bachelor’s degree in Health Services Administration from Arkansas State University. 

 
  

 Brent Miller | Executive Vice President 
 
Mr. Miller joined MiMedx in June 2012 as the Company’s Vice President of Business Development. In October 2012, Mr. Miller was appointed Executive Vice President of the Company. He is an operating executive with over 30 years’ experience in healthcare sales, marketing and general management with a proven track record of increasing revenues and profits through organic growth and successful acquisitions. Prior to joining MiMedx, Mr. Miller was the General Manager for SureFit, a division of Hanger Orthopedic Group. Purchased by Hanger in 2007, SureFit provides the podiatric physician with a high quality, easy to use and cost effective solution to supplying their diabetic patients with therapeutic footwear. 
Prior to serving at SureFit, Mr. Miller was EVP Sales & Marketing at Facet Technologies, LLC, a medical device company focused on design, development, and manufacturing for OEM clients such as Abbott, Bayer, BD, LifeScan (J&J), Roche, and Flextronics. Beginning in 1996, Mr. Miller served with Facet and its predecessor company, Gainor Medical, for over 10 years where he managed Gainor Medical’s U.S. Diabetes mail order supply company, Diabetes Self Care, prior to the purchase of Gainor Medical by Matria Healthcare. 
Prior to joining Gainor Medical in 1995, Mr. Miller worked at Bayer Healthcare for over 13 years. During his career at Bayer, he progressed through positions in Financial Planning, International Product Management and Strategic Marketing. Prior to leaving Bayer, he was VP Alternate Care, with overall P&L responsibility for the US Diabetes and Urine Chemistry businesses headquartered in Tarrytown, NY. 
Mr. Miller earned a Bachelor of Science degree and an MBA from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, NY.

 
  

 Thornton Kuntz | Senior Vice President of Administration 
 
In October 2009, Mr. Kuntz began his association with MiMedx Group, Inc. providing advisory services to the Company. Initially, Mr. Kuntz provided his services to MiMedx through his human resources advisory solutions business, Austin Consulting Group, LLC. In January 2010, his services were expanded to include serving MiMedx in the position of Vice President of Human Resources & Administration on a part-time basis. In April 2014, Mr. Kuntz was named Senior Vice President of Administration and currently serves in that capacity. 
 Mr. Kuntz brings 35 years of C-level expertise in learning & development, safety management, talent management & acquisition, process design, change management, strategic planning,  organizational alignment, mergers & acquisitions, executive & Board compensation, corporate administration, succession planning, external/internal communications and public reporting. He has successfully led talent management processes and learning & development initiatives to strategically transition companies into dominant market leaders, facilitated organizational re-design to produce prolific growth, successfully assimilated more than 35 acquisitions, created “corporate university” curriculums to support aggressive initiatives for clinical, technology, operations, sales and general management, and led the succession and career planning initiatives for executive talent. During his career, Mr. Kuntz has received numerous awards for excellence in public company annual reports.
 
Mr. Kuntz served with Alere f/k/a Matria Healthcare, Inc. f/k/a Healthdyne, Inc. from 1992 until 2008. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Kuntz served as Executive Vice President of Culture & Performance for Alere, a subsidiary of Inverness Medical Innovations, Inc. which acquired Matria Healthcare in 2008. Mr. Kuntz served Matria as Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer from 2006 to 2008, as Vice President of Administration from 1998 until 2006, and as Vice President of Human Resources from the 1996 formation of Matria Healthcare (the merger of Healthdyne Maternity Management and Tokos Medical Corporation) until 1998. Mr. Kuntz joined Healthdyne, Inc., the predecessor company to Matria Healthcare , in 1992 and served as Vice President of Administration until the merger in 1996.
 
Prior to joining Healthdyne, Mr. Kuntz was associated with Glasrock Home Health Care, Inc. from 1985 to 1992, where he served as Vice President of Human Resources from 1989 to 1992 and as Director of Human Resources Administration from 1985 until 1989. Mr. Kuntz was associated with The Louisiana Land and Exploration Company from 1977 to 1985 in various human resources positions including Manager of Employee Relations from 1980 to 1985. Mr. Kuntz served as a Human Resources Representative with the Ocean Drilling and Exploration Co. from 1975 to 1977.
 
Mr. Kuntz earned a bachelor's degree in management from the University of New Orleans in 1975.

 
  

 Michael W. Carlton | Senior Vice President of Global Sales 
 
Mr. Carlton joined MiMedx Group in November 2009 as the Company’s Vice President of Global Sales. In January 2014, Mr. Carlton was named Senior Vice President of Global Sales. With over 20 years of domestic and international medical device sales and sales management experience, Mr. Carlton leads the Company’s initiatives to broadly and effectively market its products and tissues. 
Mr. Carlton has established the sales and marketing infrastructure to serve the unique sales and marketing needs created by Company’s products and tissues that are in high demand.  He has assembled a direct sales force of highly seasoned sales professionals, regional management and national management with specialty and focus in the segments of advanced wound care, burns healing, soft tissue trauma, nerve and tendon repair, spinal applications, orthopedics and sports medicine. Complementing the direct sales force, Mr. Carlton has assembled and leads a specialized network of distributors and independent sales representatives. 
Mr. Carlton’s most recent role prior to joining MiMedx Group was with Synthes Spine, where he was the Orthopedic Manager in Georgia. Prior to his role with Synthes Spine, Mr. Carlton was responsible for a national sales force with Abbott Vascular, a $600 million division of parent company, Abbott. He joined Abbott in 2000 and was responsible for all US commercial operations, marketing, and customer service with responsibility for 14 regions, and a sales force of 185 representatives.  During his tenure with Abbott, Mr. Carlton last served as the National Director of their $160 million Coronary and Vascular Closure Divisions. 
Before joining Abbott Vascular, he served for six years in multiple sales, training and sales management roles at Boston Scientific. Prior to Boston Scientific, Mr. Carlton began his sales career with Kendall Urologic and Wound Care Products where he served for four years in key account sales positions. 
Mr. Carlton is a graduate of Miami University, Oxford Ohio with a B.A. in Marketing and attended Xavier University, Keller School of Management, in Cincinnati, Ohio for course work toward an MBA.  

 
  

 Marlene M. DeSimone | Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategic Development 
 Since joining MiMedx in November 2013, Ms. DeSimone has served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategic Development. She was instrumental in the development of the MiMedx Corporate Strategic Plan which defines the framework for the Company’s corporate growth over the next five years. Ms. DeSimone facilitated the collaboration among the Company’s executives and its Board of Directors to produce this important plan for the Company’s future growth.  In addition, Ms. DeSimone is responsible for providing executive leadership and management of the Company’s marketing organization to position MiMedx as the leader across the Company’s portfolio of products and various markets. 
Immediately prior to joining MiMedx, Ms. DeSimone was a Managing Partner of Velocity P3, a specialized solutions consulting firm providing services to the healthcare industry. Ms. DeSimone was a co-founder of Velocity P3 which was focused on commercialization strategies, business/leadership acceleration, and patient adherence support. Prior to forming Velocity P3, Ms. DeSimone served with Matria Healthcare from 2004 through 2009.  She was the Senior Vice President of Business Development at Matria, and in that role, she built Matria’s biopharmaceutical business focused on patient adherence activities.  In addition, she led the sales organization for the employer and health plan verticals where revenues were in excess of $350 million.  Ms. DeSimone left Matria one year after its sale to Inverness to start Velocity P3. 
Prior to Matria, Ms. DeSimone held various and increasingly more responsible, sales, marketing and new business development positions with leading biopharmaceutical companies.  With Dendrite International/SYNAVANT Inc., she served in the role of Vice President, Global Strategic Solutions; with DigitalDoctor.com, she held the position of Vice President, Business Development; and with Schering-Plough Corporation, she served as Product Director, Marketing for the BioOncology franchise, Oncology District Manager, National Account Manager, Sales Operations Manager and Sales Representative. Ms. DeSimone began her career as a Registered Nurse with George Washington University Medical Center before moving into medical sales with Bialek Corporation. 
Ms. DeSimone earned her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from The American University in Washington, D.C. She is a Foundation Associate of the Women Business Leaders/U.S. Healthcare Industry Foundation, a member of the Healthcare Marketing & Communications Council and the Healthcare Businesswoman’s Association where she served on its Board of Directors from 2004-2006.
  

 Donald E. Fetterolf, M.D., FACP | Chief Medical Officer 
 
Dr. Fetterolf currently serves as Chief Medical Officer of MiMedx Group.  He began his association with MiMedx in July 2009. Initially, Dr. Fetterolf served as a consultant to the Company, and in June 2011, he increased his involvement with MiMedx in the role of part-time Vice President of Medical Affairs, and in October 2011, Dr. Fetterolf transitioned into his full time role of CMO.  
Dr. Fetterolf is an experienced physician executive with extensive expertise in clinical medicine, health care business administration, medical informatics and the management and economics of complex health care organizations.  
Before joining MiMedx, Dr. Fetterolf’s work experience included roles as Executive Vice President of Health Intelligence at Alere, Executive Vice President of Health Intelligence at Matria Healthcare, Chief Medical Officer of Highmark, Inc., President of the ALPHA Health Network in Pennsylvania, and President of Allegheny Intermed, a medical group practice. 
These previous operating environments have included a major health plan, corporate disease management, medical practice, and hospital-physician joint venture (“PHO”) organizations.  He has also delivered private consulting services for commercial and government accounts.  
Dr Fetterolf was the first recipient of the Brian Hayes Award of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association in 2004, created to honor the most outstanding medical director in the Blue Cross Blue Shield system.  He was awarded the DMAA 2006 Disease Management Leadership Annual Award for Outstanding Individual Leadership.  He was recognized in 2010 as a national thought leader by the Case Management Society of America (CMSA) in their Shining Lights edition of their journal.  He is a Fellow in the American College of Physicians, the College of Physicians of Philadelphia, the American College of Physician Executives, and the Academy of Healthcare Management.  Dr. Fetterolf is Past President of the American College of Medical Quality, where he is a Distinguished Fellow and is Secretary/Treasurer of the American Board of Medical Quality.  He has served in the past on the Board of Directors of the Disease Management Association of American (DMAA), where he also directed a national effort to develop economic measures in disease management.  He is on the editorial board of several journals including Population Health Management, the American Journal of Medical Quality, and Perspectives in Health Information Management. 
Dr. Fetterolf received dual undergraduate degrees in Chemistry and Biochemistry and an M.D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.  He completed an internship and residency in internal medicine at the University of Pittsburgh, and there also completed a Masters in Business Administration.  Don is certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine, the American Board of Medical Quality and the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Physicians.

 
  

 Thomas J. Koob, PhD | Chief Scientific Officer 
 Dr. Koob is the Chief Scientific Officer of MiMedx. He is the senior executive responsible for the overall research direction and oversight of the Company’s product and tissue offerings. Dr. Koob is the inventor on the patents related to the Company’s CollaFix™ technology that are the basis of the Company's license agreement with Shriners Hospitals for Children and the University of South Florida. MiMedx was founded around the collagen technology developed by Dr. Koob. 
Prior to MiMedx, Dr. Koob was Section Chief of Skeletal Biology at Shriners Hospital for Children in Tampa, Florida. During the fourteen years he held this position, Dr. Koob developed and patented the core technology for what would become the MiMedx CollaFix™ technology platform. Prior to his tenure with Shriners, Dr. Koob held various research appointments at institutions such as the Department of Biology at Boston University, Department of Biological Chemistry at Harvard Medical School, Department of Biology at the University of New Mexico, Department of Anatomy at the University of New Mexico School of Medicine, Orthopaedic Biomechanics Laboratory at Beth Israel Hospital, and Mount Desert Island Biological Laboratory. 
Dr. Koob has published over 125 biomedical and biological articles and 12 book chapters, and he is listed as an inventor on over 40 issued and pending patents. 
Dr. Koob received his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, Missouri. He completed four years of post-doctoral training at Harvard Medical School and four years of specialty training in the Laboratory of Skeletal Disorders, Department of Orthopaedics at Children's Hospital Medical Center in Boston.
  

 Frank Burrows | Vice President Clinical and Scientific Liaison 
 
Mr. Burrows joined MiMedx Group in April 2011 as Vice President of Wound Care to lead the marketing of the Company’s wound care offerings and other exciting products and tissues. He assumed the role Of Vice President of Global Marketing in August 2011 to focus on expanding the Company’s presence in the regenerative tissue market. In October 2012, Mr. Burrows was appointed to the position of Vice President of Corporate Strategy. He has brought to MiMedx over 20 years of experience and expertise in developing and implementing sales and marketing plans that have created prolific growth for numerous medical devices and pharmaceuticals. In March 2014, Mr. Burrows was named Vice President of Clinical and Scientific Liaison. 
Mr. Burrows has held positions with notable companies like Johnson & Johnson, Smith & Nephew, W.L. Gore and CryoLife.  In Mr. Burrow’s 20-year career, he has amassed a track record for successfully developing and implementing strategic and tactical marketing plans to launch and grow medical devices, human tissue, and pharmaceuticals in the areas of tissue engineering; regenerative medicine; wound closure and healing; growth factor therapy; cardiothoracic, vascular, endovascular surgery; diabetes; women’s health; anesthesia; heart disease; biologics; and bio-active therapeutics. 
Mr. Burrows’ most recent role prior to joining MiMedx Group was with CryoLife, Inc., where he served as Director of Marketing and had responsibility for development and execution of marketing plans for allograft tissues for uses in aortic, pulmonary and vascular procedures. Before his tenure with CryoLife, he was Director of Sales & Marketing for Histogen Aesthetics, a startup biotechnology company in the regenerative medicine market. Prior thereto, he was Marketing Director for W.L. Gore from 2006 to 2008 and had responsibility for leading their global marketing efforts in the Abdominal, Aortic and Aneurysm (AAA) endovascular market segment. 
From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Burrows served with J&J Wound Management Company, a division of ETHICON, as Director of Professional Education from 2004 to 2006 and as Sr. Product Director from 2001 to 2004. With J&J, he successfully revitalized and re-launched their brand in the highly differentiated and competitive advanced wound care market and directed their formal education programs to drive scientific and clinical utilization rationale. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Burrows served as Vice President of Adient and directed its account teams serving key accounts such as Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ortho-McNeil. He served as Marketing Manager, Acute Care with Smith & Nephew from 1997 to 1999 focusing on their acute care products and supporting the launch of the Company’s novel biotechnology and advanced wound care products. In 1991, Mr. Burrows began his career with Advanced Tissue Sciences, where he held numerous marketing and business development roles. 
Mr. Burrows holds degrees in Marketing from Point Loma Nazarene University and an MBA in Marketing & Advertising from University of La Verne. Mr. Burrows received his EMT from Saint Michael's Medical Center.

 
  

 Rebeccah J. C. Brown, PhD | Vice President of Product Development, Regulatory Affairs, and Quality Assurance 
 
Dr. Brown joined SpineMedica LLC, an early-stage predecessor company to MiMedx, in 2005. She initially served as the Director of Project Management and Senior Engineer for SpineMedica, and later served as its Director of Research and Development and as Vice President of Operations. In those roles, she was instrumental in the development and launch of the Company’s HydroFix® technology. Since the Company’s inception, Dr. Brown was been leading the Company’s product development efforts, including growing and managing the intellectual property portfolio. Following the combination of SpineMedica with MiMedx, Inc. in 2007, Dr. Brown has served as the Company’s senior executive responsible for Product Development. In April 2013, Dr. Brown was named Vice President of Product Development, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance. 
Dr. Brown has over twenty years of experience leading teams to produce innovative and impactful products.  She has worked at companies ranging in size from 12 employees to 120,000, and has an impressive track record for integrating customer needs with company goals.  
Before joining SpineMedica, Dr. Brown worked as Project Manager and Staff Engineer at SaluMedica, LLC, a medical device company pioneering the development of devices to replace soft tissue throughout the body. While a graduate student at the Georgia Institute of Technology where her research focused on the durability of orthopedic implants, Dr. Brown also worked with SaluMedica, as well as Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Advanced Tissue Sciences. Dr. Brown designed and fabricated mechanical testing systems to evaluate the durability of cartilage and cartilage prostheses. 
Dr. Brown has also worked at Centerpulse (formerly Sulzer Medica) in Winterthur, Switzerland as a Research Engineer where she investigated xenograph amd tissue engineering options for articular cartilage repair and treatment. Before Centerpulse, Dr. Brown worked as a Product/Process Engineer at Hewlett-Packard. 
Dr. Brown holds a Ph.D. and M.S. from the Georgia Institute of Technology, where she was a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellow, and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

 
  

 Randall Spencer | Vice President of Clinical Innovation 
 
Mr. Spencer is the co-founder of Surgical Biologics, a leading processor of amnion tissue for use in a variety of surgical implants. Since the founding of Surgical Biologics in 2006, he led the development of the proprietary PURION® Process, which processes human amniotic membrane to produce a safe, effective and minimally manipulated implant for homologous use. He has been a pioneer in the development of the latest advances in processing amniotic membrane tissue. MiMedx® acquired Surgical Biologics in January 2011, and Mr. Spencer served as the Company’s Director of Product Development until March 2013, when he assumed the role of Vice President of Clinical Innovation. 
Mr. Spencer has been in the bioimplant industry since its infancy, with over 23 years of experience. He is an industry expert in the development of new products and new surgical treatments using bioimplant materials. Throughout his career, Mr. Spencer has made significant contributions to the development of a wide range of products which are now considered the standard of care for certain surgical procedures. 
Before founding Surgical Biologics, he was Product Manager Bone Biopsy Division at InterV Medical Device Technologies. Prior to InterV, Mr. Spencer was Product Manager Regenerative Products at Tutogen Medical, where he designed products used in spinal and dental surgeries. Before joining Tutogen, he was with Regeneration Technologies, where Mr. Spencer created products that are used in spinal, sports medicine and orthopedic surgeries. Earlier in his career, Mr. Spencer worked for Johns Hopkins University as a researcher. 
Mr. Spencer earned a Bachelors of Science degree in Health Science from Grand Valley State University.

 
  

 David H. Mason, Jr., M.D. | Vice President of Medical Affairs for Clinical Practice 
 Dr. Mason joined MiMedx in June 2014, in the position of Vice President of Medical Affairs for Clinical Programs.  Dr. Mason is a Board Certified Internist, board eligible in Rheumatology and Infectious Diseases, whose experience includes a 27-year pharmaceutical and medical device industry career, with increasing levels of responsibility.  His experience covers multiple therapeutic areas and includes management of Clinical Development and Medical Affairs groups; Regulatory Affairs including QA; Public Affairs, Public Policy and Public Relations.  Dr. Mason has extensive experience in all phases of drug development including preclinical, regulatory and clinical trials from Phases I through IV. His vast experience includes handling IND filings, protocol writing, more than ten successful BLA and NDA submissions, multiple successful 510(k) and de novo device clearances, and a similar number of drug and device product launches.
Before joining MiMedx, Dr. Mason previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Given Imaging where he led clinical trials, regulatory affairs and medical marketing initiatives. Before joining Given, Dr. Mason served with UCB Pharma as the company’s Vice President, Clinical Development and Global Head of Inflammation Clinical Research. In this role, Dr. Mason led the U.S. and U.K. teams in support of the regulatory pathways for the company’s portfolio of anti-inflammatory drugs. Dr. Mason also served with AVI BioPharma as its Senior Vice President of Clinical Development and Regulatory Affairs where he led drug development efforts including clinical programs in multiple therapeutic areas.
After medical school, Dr. Mason pursued a 15 year career in medical practice in both academic and private practice settings. During this time, Dr. Mason was a practicing physician in internal medicine, infectious diseases and rheumatology. Following his tenure in medical practice, Dr. Mason began his pharmaceutical and medical device industry career by joining Ciba-Geigy Pharmaceuticals in the capacity of Director, Clinical Research and Executive Director, Medical Affairs.
Dr. Mason has authored more than 15 manuscripts on clinical studies that have been published in peer-reviewed literature. He has authored a textbook article and a number of clinical abstracts that have been published in peer-reviewed journals.
Dr. Mason received his M.D. from Duke University Medical School. He earned a BA in Chemistry from Williams College. He completed an internship and fellowship in Rheumatology at Duke University Hospital and completed his residency in Internal Medicine at the University of Michigan Medical Center. Dr. Mason has also served as a Research Associate and USPHS SA Surgeon (Lt. Comm.) at NIH, NIAID, Laboratory of Viral Diseases, Bethesda, Maryland.
  

 Dr. I. Mark Landy | Vice President Strategic Initiatives 
 Dr. Landy joined MiMedx in June 2016 as the Company’s Vice President of Strategic Initiatives. Reporting to the Chairman & CEO, Dr. Landy fulfills multiple responsibilities supporting key strategic initiatives involving various investor relations activities, the Company’s domestic and international strategic and related growth initiatives, strategic and tactical planning and other critical initiatives.
Dr. Landy’s wide array of experience includes holding senior roles in institutional healthcare equity research, Portfolio Management and C-Level executive roles in the drug delivery and medical devices sectors of the healthcare industry. He has over fifteen years of Wall Street expertise and seven years of healthcare industry experience.
Immediately prior to joining MiMedx, Dr. Landy was Director of Research, Managing Director and Senior Research Analyst – Biopharmaceuticals and Medical Technology at Northland Capital Markets / Summer Street Research Partners.  Prior thereto, Dr. Landy served with MIV Therapeutics, Inc., a global leader in developing polymer-free drug delivery systems for cardiovascular stents and other implantable devices. During his time at MIV, Dr. Landy served as a Director of the company, President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to his tenure with MIV, he held senior positions with Susquehanna Financial Group; Leerink; Merlin BioMed Capital Management; and Investor AB.
Dr. Landy holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from The Wharton School of Business, University of Pennsylvania, and a Doctor of Dental Surgery from the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa.
 
  



Board of Directors



 Parker H. "Pete" Petit | Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr Petit joined MiMedx in February 2009 as the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A visionary healthcare executive, Petit has a history of developing companies from their emerging stages and leading them to maturity and significant stature in their respective markets.
In 1970, Mr. Petit founded Healthdyne, an international healthcare company that manufactured high technology healthcare devices, provided healthcare information systems and technology, and provided healthcare services and disease management. The Healthdyne related companies grew to annual revenues in excess of $1 billion.  In order to increase shareholder values, Healthdyne was split into several publicly traded companies through public offerings and spinouts to shareholders in 1995.  At that point, Mr. Petit relinquished the CEO role and remained Chairman of the Board of all the companies.  Subsequently, the home infusion therapy subsidiary was sold to W. R. Grace Corporation.  In 1995, Healthdyne Maternity Management was merged with Tokos Medical to form Matria Healthcare.  In 1997, Healthdyne Technologies was merged with Respironics. Mr. Petit resumed the duties of President and CEO of Matria Healthcare in 2000. In 2001, Healthcare.com, which was formerly Healthdyne Information Enterprises, merged with XCare.net Corporation to form Quovadx. Through Mr. Petit’s vision and leadership, Matria Healthcare transitioned into the industry’s only fully integrated health, productivity and disease management care continuum providing employer and health plan clients access to wellness programs, nurse triage services, decision support programs, disease management programs for chronic diseases, case management programs for acute and catastrophic conditions and unparalleled health data integration and informatics. Matria Healthcare was sold to Inverness Medical Innovations in May of 2008 in a transaction valued at over $1.2 billion.
Mr. Petit served on the Board of Directors of Atlantic Southeast Airlines for 16 years until it was acquired by Delta Airlines, and Norrell Corporation, which was acquired by Spherion Corporation. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Health Museum and is a member of the Board of Directors of Intelligent Systems Corporation. Mr. Petit currently serves as President of The Petit Group, an Investment Management Organization. Mr. Petit is a member of the Board of Directors of the Georgia Research Alliance, which is chartered by the state of Georgia to promote high technology and scientific development in the state, and he is a 1994 inductee into the Technology Hall of Fame of Georgia. 
Mr. Petit funded a professorial chair for “Engineering in Medicine” at Georgia Tech in 1986.  In 1995, he endowed the Petit Institute for Bioengineering and Biosciences at Georgia Tech.  In 2001, he helped fund the biotechnology building at Georgia Tech which has his name and in 2004 the Science Center building at Georgia State University which also has his name. In 2007, he was inducted into the Georgia State Business School Hall of Fame. In October of 2011, Mr. Petit was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering.
Mr. Petit received his bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering and Master of Science degree in Engineering Mechanics from Georgia Tech. He received his MBA degree in Finance from Georgia State University in 1973.

  

 Joseph G. Bleser 
 
Mr. Bleser is a retired financial consultant and financial executive with significant board-level experience. He was the Managing Member of J. Bleser, LLC, a financial consulting firm, from July 1998 to mid-2015. Prior to July 1998, Mr. Bleser had over 15 years' experience as a Chief Financial Officer and in other financial executive positions in various publicly traded companies, including HBO & Company, Allegiant Physician Services, Inc., Transcend Services, Inc. and Healthcare.com Corporation. Mr. Bleser is formerly a Certified Public Accountant with ten years of experience in public accounting with Arthur Andersen LLC, an international public accounting firm. Mr. Bleser has over 20 years of experience in serving as a member of the board of directors and the audit and other board committees of several publicly traded and private companies in the healthcare and technology industries. Most recently, Mr. Bleser was a member of the Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance Committee and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Transcend Services, Inc. (Nasdaq: TRCR) until it was acquired by Nuance Communications, Inc. in April 2012. 

 
  

 J. Terry Dewberry 
 
Mr. Dewberry is a private investor with significant experience at both the management and board levels in the healthcare industry. He has extensive experience in corporate mergers and takeovers on both the buy and sell sides for consideration up to $5 billion. Mr. Dewberry has served on the Boards of Directors of several publicly traded healthcare products and services companies, including Respironics, Inc. (Nasdaq:RESP) (1998-2008), Matria Healthcare, Inc. (Nasdaq:MATR) (2006-2008), Healthdyne Information Enterprises, Inc. (1996-2002), Healthdyne Technologies, Inc. (1993-1997), Home Nutritional Services, Inc. (1989-1994) and Healthdyne, Inc. (1981-1996). From March 1992 until March 1996, Mr. Dewberry was Vice Chairman of Healthdyne, Inc. From 1984 to 1992, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer, and Executive Vice President of Healthdyne, Inc. Mr. Dewberry received a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology in 1967 and a Masters of Public Accounting from Georgia State University in 1972.

 
  

 Charles R. Evans 
 
Mr. Evans has over 40 years of experience in the healthcare industry. He is currently President of the International Health Services Group, an organization he founded to support health services development in underserved areas of the world. He also currently is a senior advisor with Jackson Healthcare, a consortium of companies that provide physician and clinical staffing, anesthesia management and information technology solutions for hospitals, health systems and physician groups. In addition, Mr. Evans is a Fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives having previously served as Governor of the College from 2004 to 2007 and as Chairman Officer from 2008 to 2011. In 2012, he attained the Board Leadership Fellow credential of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Previously, Mr. Evans was a senior officer with Hospital Corporation of America (HCA), having managed various HCA divisions and completing his service with the responsibility for operations in the Eastern half of the country. Mr. Evans currently serves on the Board of Directors of Jackson Healthcare, and as a member of the Senior Advisory Board at MedAssets. Additionally, Mr. Evans serves on the boards of non-profit organizations including Chairman of MedShare International, and Chairman of the Hospital Charitable Service Awards.

 
  

 Bruce L. Hack 
 
Mr. Hack was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Activision Blizzard (Nasdaq:ATVI) until 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Hack was Chief Executive Officer of Vivendi Games, from 2004 to 2008, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Universal Music Group, from 1998 to 2001, and Chief Financial Officer of Universal Studios, from 1995 to 1998. From 1982 to 1994, Mr. Hack held several positions at The Seagram Company, including: Director, Strategic Planning, at The Seagram Company Ltd.; and Chief Financial Officer of Tropicana Products, Inc. Prior thereto, he was a trade negotiator for the U.S. Treasury. Mr. Hack earned a B.A. at Cornell University and an M.B.A. in finance at the University of Chicago.

 
  

 Charles E. Koob 
 
Mr. Koob joined the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, LLP in 1970 and became a partner in 1977. He retired from that firm on January 1, 2007. While at that firm, Mr. Koob was the co-head of the Litigation Department and served on the firm’s Executive Committee. Mr. Koob specialized in competition, trade regulation and antitrust issues. Throughout his 37-year tenure, he represented clients before the Federal Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, and numerous state and foreign competition authorities. His résumé includes the representation of Virgin Atlantic Airways, Archer Daniels Midland, and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co. He received his B.A. from Rockhurst College in 1966 and his J.D. from Stanford Law School in 1969. Mr. Koob serves on the board of Stanford Hospital and Clinics. He also serves on the board of a private drug development company and MRI Interventions (OTCBB: MRIC), a publicly traded medical device company.

 
  

 Larry W. Papasan 
 
From July 1991 until his retirement in May 2002, Mr. Papasan served as President of Smith & Nephew Orthopaedics. Mr. Papasan served as a Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of BioMimetic Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq GM:BMTI) from August 2005 until March 2013. Mr. Papasan has been a member of the Board of Directors of Reaves Utility Income Fund (Nasdaq CM:UTG), a closed-end management investment company, since February 2003 and of Triumph Bankshares, Inc. (a bank holding company) since April 2005. Mr. Papasan also serves as Chairman of the Board of Medovex Corp. and as a director of SSR Engineering, Inc., Cagenix, Inc. and Bio Nova Medical, Inc.

 
  

 William C. Taylor 
 
Mr. Taylor is an operating executive with over 20 years experience in healthcare product design, development and manufacturing. From 2001 through 2006, Mr. Taylor was President of Facet Technologies, LLC, a Matria Healthcare subsidiary. Facet was a medical device company focused on medical device design, development, and manufacturing for OEM clients such as Abbott, Bayer, BD, LifeScan (J&J), Roche, and Flextronics. Over his 14 year career at Facet and its predecessor company, he held various management positions, beginning with R&D, QA & Regulatory Affairs and progressing through general management. Mr. Taylor was instrumental in growing the design and manufacturing business from $14 million in revenue up to over $40 million, when the company was sold to Matria Healthcare. As president, he led the company to the number one market position in microsampling and grew it to over $85 million in revenue. He also led the company as CEO for 18 months after it was sold to a private equity company. A graduate of Purdue University, Mr. Taylor holds a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering and is co-inventor on eight patents. Mr. Taylor also serves on the board of directors.

  

 Neil S. Yeston, M.D. 
 
Dr. Yeston is the Past President of the New England Surgical Society and currently serves as Active Senior Staff, Department of Surgery at Hartford Hospital. During his association with Hartford Hospital, Dr. Yeston previously served in various roles including Vice President of Academic Affairs, Director of Corporate Compliance, Vice President of Quality Management and Director of the Section on Critical Care Medicine, Department of Surgery. In addition, Dr. Yeston was responsible for the enterprise wide acquisition of all Bio-medical engineering technology. Dr. Yeston has formerly served as Professor of Surgery at the University of Connecticut and the Assistant Dean, Medical Education at the University Of Connecticut School Of Medicine. Prior to his associations with Hartford Hospital and the University of Connecticut, Dr. Yeston served with Boston University Medical Center, in various positions including the Vice Chairman Department of Surgery, Associate Professor of Anesthesiology, Director Progressive Care Unit and Associate Professor of Surgery.

 
  


 
MiMedx Group Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Chairman: Terry Dewberry
Member: Joe Bleser
Member: Larry Papasan
Member: Charlie Evans
Compensation Committee
Chairman: Joe Bleser
Member: Larry Papasan
Member: Neil Yeston
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Chairman: Larry Papasan
Member: Terry Dewberry
Member: Bruce Hack







Quotations



“With the addition of the Purion® processed human amniotic membrane allografts, MiMedx® has exciting products to offer to physicians and our distribution networks. There are many potential applications for the AmnioFix® and EpiFix® tissue technologies for soft tissue repair and wound healing.”-Parker H."Pete" Petit, Chairman of the Board and CEO





“MiMedx is committed to the commercialization of biomaterials that improve surgical outcomes by solving an unmet or underserved clinical need.”-Randall Spencer, VP of Clinical Innovation & Founder


 
 









Healing Gifts

The MiMedx® Placenta Donation Program, Give the Gift of Healing, provides an opportunity for mothers delivering full-term Caesarean section births to donate their placenta (often referred to as “afterbirth”) for medical uses. The placenta is normally discarded as medical waste. However, through donation, the family can provide a priceless gift of healing to those in need. This generous gift creates a personal legacy for the family and newborn knowing that they are helping individuals who require treatment for their difficult-to-heal wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, venous leg ulcers and burns, or soft tissue injuries, and even those undergoing spine, eye and oral surgeries.
MiMedx® is honored to be entrusted with the precious gifts donated to us by the mothers participating in Give the Gift of Healing.  The placenta and its amnion/chorion membranes are rich in many elements that can be vital to healing numerous medical conditions.  MiMedx® has developed the special PURION® Process technology that preserves the properties that are crucial to the healing process, and through our technology, we produce allografts with remarkable healing capabilities. The allografts derived from the placentas entrusted to our care, have helped patients in countless medical applications in the wound care, surgical, sports medicine, ophthalmic and dental sectors of healthcare.
In recognition of the placental donations we are privileged to receive, we have formed our philanthropic mission and developed The MiMedx® Healing Gifts Program. Through Healing Gifts, MiMedx® engages in noteworthy philanthropic endeavors ranging from eye surgeries in Guatemala to programs treating disadvantaged patients across the United States. We are proud of the impact Healing Gifts has made for many patients.
MiMedx® is committed to expanding the reach of Healing Gifts to thousands upon thousands of less fortunate patients. Our goal is to make our PURION® processed tissues available to serve the medical needs of the widest possible group of patients who can benefit from the healing generated by the tissues we process. To this end, the Company continues to actively pursue partnerships with philanthropic and non-profit programs. We pledge to be generous in our sharing of our resources and talents to serve the unmet needs of underserved patients.
We look forward to developing future Healing Gifts partnerships with the desire to affect different patient populations through monetary, product, and/or human resource based contributions.
 

"This video is one example of the impact that we are proud to be a part of. This program, Guatemala: A mission to restore sight, sponsored by IOP Ophthalmics provides vision restoring surgeries to the needy in Guatemala. The MiMedx® PURION® processed tissue is a preferred tissue because of its anti-inflammatory and scar reduction properties while enhancing the healing of the soft tissue."

 
 

 










 





 
 
MiMedx Launches AmnioFill®

Click here to learn
more about AmnioFill
 
  

 






 MiMedx Urges FDA To Reconsider Draft Guidances During Hearing

Click for Press Release
  

 





Order Your Copy



Submitted by araybuck on Tue, 10/20/2015 - 13:23 


A Primer On Amniotic Membrane Regenerative Healing

Name *



Address *



City *



State *
- Select -ALAKASAZARCACOCTDEDCFLGAGUHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMHMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDMPOHOKORPWPAPRRISCSDTNTXUTVTVIVAWAWVWIWY


Zip *



Email *








 








News and Events






 MiMedx Announces Record Results For The Second Quarter Of 2017 And Raises Full Year Revenue Guidance 
 Jul 26, 2017 
 read more... 



 /C O R R E C T I O N -- MiMedx Group, Inc./ 
 Jul 13, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx Announces That Its Second Quarter Revenue Exceeds The Guidance Range 
 Jul 13, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx Agreement With AvKARE Expires As Planned Following Completion Of Contract Wind-Down 
 Jul 05, 2017 
 read more... 



 Scientific And Clinical Review Confirms Potential Of MiMedx dHACM Allografts For Regenerative Applications In Orthopedics 
 Jun 15, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx Amniofix® data showing colorectal anastomotic leak rate reduction presented at ASCRS Meeting 
 Jun 13, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference 
 Jun 01, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx To Attend The 14th Annual Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor Conference 
 May 18, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx EpiFix® Receives Coverage From Kaiser Permanente 
 May 04, 2017 
 read more... 



 MiMedx Receives Innovative Technology Supplier of the Year Award from Vizient, Inc. 
 May 01, 2017 
 read more... 





 


Investors




 Stock Information
  

 News Releases
  

 Corporate Governance
  

 SEC Filings
  

 


Products




 
  

 
  

 
  

 
  

 
  

 
  

 
  

 



CONTACT US
888.543.1917



















MiMedx® is an integrated developer, processor and marketer of patent protected and proprietary regenerative biomaterial products and bioimplants processed from human amniotic membrane and other birth tissues and human skin and bone. This website is not meant as a substitute for professional medical advice.© 2017 MiMedx Group, Inc. All rights reserved. | 1775 West Oak Commons Ct. NE, Marietta, GA 30062Terms of Use 


 



 2017 mimedx- This is a Free Drupal Theme











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Petite, Michael J Md in Washington, DC 20036 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» District of Columbia
» Washington
» Arts & Entertainment
» Petite, Michael J Md













Petite, Michael J Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1301 20th St Nw Ste 104 Ste 104 Washington, District of Columbia 20036


(202) 857-0404


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Petite, Michael J Md is located at the address 1301 20th St Nw Ste 104 in Washington, District of Columbia 20036.  They can be contacted via phone at (202) 857-0404 for pricing, hours and directions.  Petite, Michael J Md has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Michael  Petite, Petite, Michael J Md provides Implants, Crowns, Hospitals to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Petite, Michael J Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Petite, Michael J Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Orthotics
, Wheelchairs
, Ear Molds / Ear Plugs
, Oxygen Equipment
, Directional Hearing Aids
, Respiratory Supplies
, Hearing Protection
, Scooters



SERVICES


Repairs
, Referrals
, Implants
, Showrooms
, Crowns
, Partials
, Dentures
, Braces
, Hospitals
, Consultations



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (202) 857-0404
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 100000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Arts & Entertainment
Travel Services
Medical Equipment & Supplies Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Commercial Equipment Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


National Alliance to End Homelessness


1518 K st Nw 410 Ste Washington, District of Columbia 20005




TRAVELVACX


2141 K st Nw Ste 408 Washington, District of Columbia 20037




National Council of Jewish Women


1707 L st Nw 950 Ste Washington, District of Columbia 20036




Children's National Medical Center


212 Michigan Ave Ne  Washington, District of Columbia 20017




Consumer Health Services Inc


1700 Pennsylvania Ave Nw 550 Ste Washington, District of Columbia 20006




Foundry Georgetown


1055 Thomas Jefferson st Nw  Washington, District of Columbia 20007





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Michael  Petite

Phone: (202) 857-0404 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM



















Michael J. Petit - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael J. Petit
Former President, Insolvency Investment Services at PRA Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Michael J. Petit? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael J. Petit's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael J. Petit's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael J. Petit's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael J. Petit through your network of contacts.
												








Michael J. Petit's Executive Work History


Past
To view Michael J. Petit's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of Texas at Austin


Age
57

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael J. Petit's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael J. Petit. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael J. Petit's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael J. Petit's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael J. Petit through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael J. Petit


















Michael J. Petit's Connections (29)





Sign up now to view Michael J. Petit's 29 connections »









Scott M. Tabakin
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Amerigroup









WILLIAM F. O'DAIRE
Former Senior Vice President, Operations, PRA Group, Inc.









Christopher B. Graves
Executive Vice President, Americas Core, PRA Group, Inc.









Andrew J. Holmes
Former Senior Vice President -- Administration, PRA Group, Inc.









Geir L. Olsen
Former Board Member, PRA Group, Inc.









Craig A. Grube
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Acquisitions Officer, PRA Group, Inc.









Marjorie M. Connelly
Chief Operating Officer, Convergys Corporation









Kevin P. Stevenson
Chief Executive Officer and Director, PRA Group, Inc.









Steven D. Fredrickson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, PRA Group, Inc.









John E. Fuller
Former Retired Executive Vice President; President and CEO of AFC, ALLETE








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Michael David Winery - Products - Petite Petit Poster














 













						
	Cart 0 items: $0.00



Close

Item was successfully added to your cart



Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total



 
Subtotal
$0.00



 View Cart


 


Your Account
Login


 Michael David Winery




TOP



          Petite Petit Poster
		












In Stock





Add To Cart




$10.00
/ Each
SKU: TRPTPTPSTR


Add To Cart





Be the first to review this item »


Tweet






18x24" Petite Petit label poster.




Product Reviews





Add A Product Review


*Name



*Email



*Rating


5 - Excellent
4 - Pretty Good
3 - Average
2 - OK
1 - Poor



*Review






					E-Mail me when someone reviews this product
				


Add Your Review



Leave this field blank:  
















 