



 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 











PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

3-Dimensional Pharmaceutical
3Sbio Inc -Adr
4Health
A.P. Pharma, Inc.
AC Immune SA
ACADIA Pharmaceuticals
ADVENTRX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ALDA Pharmaceuticals Corp.
ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
AVI BioPharma, Inc.
AbbVie
Abbott Laboratories
Abraxis BioScience
Abraxis BioScience
Acambis



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.




PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
CDRF Topco, Inc. (until 2015-06-24)Standard IndustryClassification
Pharmaceutical preparationsAddress

Pharmedium Healthcare Corporation, Lake Forest, IL 60045
Phone
(847) 457-2300



Sample Contracts



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Contract
(August 31st, 2015)
This Lease, dated the 3rd day of June 1999, between HELLER, ALPER, ROBERTS, VOLK  EDISON, a New Jersey general partnership having an office at 205 Mill Road, Edison, New Jersey 08837 (hereinafter designated as Landlord), and JOSHEN PAPER AND PACKAGING COMPANY, an Ohio corporation having an office at 5808 Grant Avenue, Cuyahoga Heights, Ohio 44105 (hereinafter designated as Tenant).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Lease Dated June 3, 1999 97,194 Square Foot Building 49 Distribution Boulevard,
Edison, NJ
(August 31st, 2015)
Enclosed herewith please find two (2) executed copies of a Landlord Waiver and Subordination Agreement in favor of Bank One, N.A. for the above referenced location.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employee Stock Subscription Agreement (Exchange Shares)
(August 31st, 2015)
This Employee Stock Subscription Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, between CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Employee whose name appears on the signature page hereof, is being entered into pursuant to the CDRF Topco, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The meaning of each capitalized term may be found in Section 9.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Confidential Separation Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
This Confidential Separation Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of December 17, 2013, is entered into by and between David N. Jonas (Executive) and PharMedium Healthcare Corporation (the Company).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Contract
(August 31st, 2015)
This CONSULTING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28th, 2014, (this Agreement), is entered into by and among CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), CDRF Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), PharMedium Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Opco), and Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CD&R Manager).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
SECOND LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT Among CDRF MERGER SUB, INC. (To Be Merged With and
Into PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION), as Borrower, THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO
TIME PARTIES HERETO, CREDIT SUISSE AG, as Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent, J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as
Co-Syndication Agents, J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR
FUNDING, INC., as Co-Documentation Agents, CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC,
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., FIFTH THIRD
BANK, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH and ING CAPITAL LLC, A
(August 31st, 2015)
CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2014, among CDRF MERGER SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation (MergerSub and, at any time prior to the consummation of the Merger (as defined in Subsection 1.1), and as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Borrower), the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time party hereto (as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Lenders), and CREDIT SUISSE AG, as administrative agent (in such capacity and as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Administrative Agent) for the Lenders hereunder and as collateral agent (in such capacity and as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Collateral Agent) for the Secured Parties (as defined below).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employee Stock Option Agreement (Incentive Options)
(August 31st, 2015)
This Employee Stock Option Agreement, dated as of [            ], 201[    ], between CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Employee whose name appears on the signature page hereof, is being entered into pursuant to the CDRF Topco, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The meaning of capitalized terms may be found in Section 7.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Indemnification Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
This INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28th, 2014 (the Agreement), is among CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), CDRF Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent) and PharMedium Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation ( Opco and together with Topco and Parent, the Company Entities), CD&R Forest Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (CD&R Investor), Clayton, Dubilier & Rice Fund IX, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the Fund), CD&R Advisor Fund IX, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (Advisor Fund and together with the Fund, the CD&R Funds), and Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Manager). Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Basic Lease Information
(August 31st, 2015)
THIS LEASE is made as of the Lease Date set forth in the Basic Lease Information, by and between the Landlord identified in the Basic Lease Information (Landlord), and the Tenant identified in the Basic Lease Information (Tenant). Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows:



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employment Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
(NOTE: BEFORE SIGNING, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYEES SHOULD READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY, MAKE CERTAIN THAT THEY UNDERSTAND IT, AND IF DESIRED, REVIEW IT WITH THEIR ATTORNEYS AND ADVISORS.)



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Stock Subscription Agreement (Jonas Investor)
(August 31st, 2015)
This Stock Subscription Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, between CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and JVC Management LLC (the Jonas Investor). The meaning of each capitalized term not otherwise defined in the body of this Agreement may be found in Section 8.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Third Amendment to Sub-Lease Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
HELLER, ALPER, ROBERTS, VOLK  EDISON, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company (successor-in-interest to HELLER, ALPER, ROBERTS, VOLK  EDISON, a New Jersey general partnership), having an office at 205 Mill Road, Edison, New Jersey 08837, hereinafter referred to as:



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
Access Laws: The Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 (including the Americans with Disabilities Act Accessibility Guidelines for Building and Facilities) and all other Governmental Requirements relating to the foregoing.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
First Amendment to Lease Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO ASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into effective as of November 6, 2006 (the Amendment Effective Date), by and between BAXTER HEALTHCARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Landlord), and PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Tenant).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employment Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
(NOTE: BEFORE SIGNING, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYEES SHOULD READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY, MAKE CERTAIN THAT THEY UNDERSTAND IT AND, IF DESIRED, REVIEW IT WITH THEIR ATTORNEYS AND ADVISORS.)



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Second Amendment to Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
JOSHEN PAPER AND PACKAGING CO., an Ohio corporation, having an office at 5800 Grant Avenue, Cuyahoga Heights, Ohio 44105, hereinafter referred to as:



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
CDRF TOPCO, INC. STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN Article I Purpose
(August 31st, 2015)
CDRF Topco, Inc. has established this stock incentive plan to foster and promote its long-term financial success. Capitalized terms have the meaning given in Article X.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Contract
(August 31st, 2015)
NUMBER SHARES C O M M O N S T O C K PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC. INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS CUSIP 71716A 10 3 THIS CERTIFIES THAT: SPECIMEN IS THE OWNER OF FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF $0.01 PAR VALUE EACH OF PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC. transferable on the books of the Corporation in person or by attorney upon surrender of this certificate duly endorsed or assigned. This certificate and the shares represented hereby are subject to the laws of the State of Delaware, and to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Corporation, as now or hereafter amended. This certificate is not valid until countersigned by the Transfer Agent. WITNESS the facsimile seal of the Corporation and the facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers. DATED: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SECRETARY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, TREASURER AN



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION C/O JVC Management LLC 1059 Elm Ridge Drive
Glencoe, Illinois 60022
(August 31st, 2015)
We are very pleased to offer you the position of President of PharMedium Healthcare Corporation (PHC) (contingent upon delivery to PHC of a complete copy of your agreement with Baxter Healthcare Corporation, and your signing PHCs standard Employment Agreement), reporting to PHCs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Your leadership, experience, and commitment will be of great value to our team and to the company. The effective date of your employment will be on the date of close of the acquisition of Baxters COMPASS Business unit (the Closing Date), now targeted on August 4, 2003. Your annual starting salary will be the same as your current annual salary from Baxter, $161,099.21. In addition, you will be eligible for a Management Incentive Compensation Plan (MICP) bonus from PHC targeted at your current percentage (30%) of your base salary. Your MICP target bonus amount from PHC for 2003 will be equal to your original MICP target bonus amount for 2003 (30%) as established by Baxter, pr



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
First Amendment to Employment Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
PharMEDium Services, LLC (the Company) and William R. Spalding (Executive) have entered into that certain Employment Agreement, dated April 23, 2013 (the Employment Agreement). The Company and Executive wish to amend the Employment Agreement pursuant to this First Amendment to the Employment Agreement (the Amendment), on December 31, 2013 (the Effective Date).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT Among CDRF MERGER SUB, INC. (To Be Merged With and
Into PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION), as Borrower, THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO
TIME PARTIES HERETO, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent, CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR
FUNDING, INC., as Co-Syndication Agents, CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC and
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Co-Documentation Agents, J.P. MORGAN
SECURITIES LLC, CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR
FUNDING, INC., FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANC
(August 31st, 2015)
CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2014, among CDRF MERGER SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation (MergerSub and, at any time prior to the consummation of the Merger (as defined in Subsection 1.1), and as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Borrower), the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time party hereto (as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Lenders), and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity and as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Administrative Agent) for the Lenders hereunder and as collateral agent (in such capacity and as further defined in Subsection 1.1, the Collateral Agent) for the Secured Parties (as defined below).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Second Amendment to Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
THIS AGREEMENT is made as of the 29th day of December, 2014, by and between NEWTOWER TRUST COMPANY MULTI-EMPLOYER PROPERTY TRUST, a collective investment fund operating under 12 C.F.R. Section 9.18, hereinafter referred to as Landlord, and PHARMEDIUM SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, hereinafter referred to as Tenant.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Indemnification Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of [], 2015, by and among PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Topco), CDRF Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), PharMEDium Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation (PHC, and Topco, Parent and PHC individually a Company and together the Companies) and [] (Indemnitee).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Fourth Amendment to Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE (the Amendment) is made this 30 day of September, 2014, between COBALT INDUSTRIAL REIT II, a Texas real estate investment trust (Landlord), and PHARMEDIUM SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Tenant).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT by and Between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Original
First Lien Agent and Credit Suisse AG, as Original Second Lien Agent Dated as
of January 28, 2014
(August 31st, 2015)
This INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, this Agreement) is entered into as of January 28, 2014, by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as collateral agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, and as further defined herein, the Original First Lien Agent) for the Original First Lien Secured Parties referred to below, and Credit Suisse AG, in its capacity as collateral agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, and as further defined herein, the Original Second Lien Agent) for the Original Second Lien Secured Parties referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein without other definition are used as defined in Article I hereof.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Second Amendment to Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into a certain Agreement of Lease dated June 3, 1999 as amended by First Amendment to Lease dated February 2, 2001 (Lease) leasing a Demised Premises which consists of a 97,194 square foot building, and additional land, located in the Township of Edison, County of Middlesex, State of New Jersey, said Demised Premises more particularly shown, identified and described in said Lease; and



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employee Stock Option Agreement (Incentive OptionsW. Spalding)
(August 31st, 2015)
This Employee Stock Option Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, between CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Employee whose name appears on the signature page hereof, is being entered into pursuant to the CDRF Topco, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The meaning of capitalized terms may be found in Section 7.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Second Amendment to Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE (the Amendment) is made as of the Effective Date between COBALT INDUSTRIAL REIT II, a Texas real estate investment trust (Landlord) and PHARMEDIUM SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Tenant).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Director Stock Option Agreement (Williams)
(August 31st, 2015)
This Director Stock Option Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, between CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Director whose name appears on the signature page hereof, is being entered into pursuant to the CDRF Topco, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The meaning of capitalized terms may be found in Section 7.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
CDRF Topco, Inc. C/O Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC
(August 31st, 2015)
Reference is made to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 16, 2013, to which PharMedium Healthcare Corporation (the Company), CDRF Parent, Inc. (Parent), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CDRF Topco, Inc. (Holdings), and CDRF Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), are parties. At the Effective Time of the Merger (as these terms are defined in the Merger Agreement), Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation. This letter agreement sets forth our mutual agreement as to (i) the effect that the Merger will have on your employment with the Company and its affiliates, (ii) your role with Holdings following the Effective Time, (iii) your investment opportunity in Holdings and (iv) your agreement not to engage in certain conduct that could be competitive with, or otherwise harmful to, Holdings and its subsidiaries following the Effective Time.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Third Amendment to Lease
(August 31st, 2015)
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE (the Amendment) is made this 5th day of June, 2013, between COBALT INDUSTRIAL REIT II, a Texas real estate investment trust (Landlord), and PHARMEDIUM SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Tenant).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
FIRST LIEN GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT Made by CDRF PARENT, INC.,
PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION and Certain of Its Domestic Subsidiaries, in
Favor of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. As Collateral Agent Dated as of January 28,
2014
(August 31st, 2015)
FIRST LIEN GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2014, made by PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), Holdings (as defined below) and certain Domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party hereto, in favor of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as defined below) (in such capacity, and together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and administrative agent (in such capacity, and together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) for the banks and other financial institutions (collectively, the Lenders; individually, a Lender) from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement described below.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employment Agreement
(August 31st, 2015)
This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made as of April 23, 2013, by and between PharMEDium Services LLC, Two Conway Park, 150 North Field Drive, Suite 350, Lake Forest, Illinois 60045 (the Company), and William R. Spalding, Grey Rock Farm, 2451 Old Natchez Trace, Franklin, Tennessee (the Executive) (hereinafter collectively, the Parties).



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
SECOND LIEN GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT Made by CDRF PARENT, INC.,
PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION and Certain of Its Domestic Subsidiaries, in
Favor of CREDIT SUISSE, AG as Collateral Agent Dated as of January 28, 2014
(August 31st, 2015)
SECOND LIEN GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2014, made by PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), Holdings (as defined below) and certain Domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party hereto, in favor of CREDIT SUISSE AG, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as defined below) (in such capacity, and together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and administrative agent (in such capacity, and together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) for the banks and other financial institutions (collectively, the Lenders; individually, a Lender) from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement described below.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. –
Employee Stock Subscription Agreement (Converted Holdings Options and Incentive
Options)
(August 31st, 2015)
This Employee Stock Subscription Agreement, dated as of                     , between CDRF Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Employee whose name appears on the signature page hereof, is being entered into pursuant to the CDRF Topco, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The meaning of each capitalized term may be found in Section 9.













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








 



AmerisourceBergen Completes Acquisition of PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. | Business Wire


























































AmerisourceBergen Completes Acquisition of PharMEDium Healthcare 
      Holdings, Inc.






November 06, 2015 12:26 PM Eastern Standard Time



VALLEY FORGE, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AmerisourceBergen Corporation (NYSE:ABC) today announced that it has 
      completed the acquisition of PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc., the 
      privately held leading national provider of outsourced compounded 
      sterile preparations (CSPs) to acute care hospitals in the United 
      States, from Clayton, Dubilier & Rice for $2.575 billion in cash, 
      subject to certain adjustments and on a cash-free, debt-free basis. As 
      previously disclosed, the Company has included a $0.22 to $0.26 net 
      contribution from PharMEDium in its expectations for adjusted earnings 
      per share in fiscal 2016 to be in the range of $5.73 to $5.90. The 
      Company continues to expect to generate approximately $30 million in 
      synergies by fiscal 2018.
    

About AmerisourceBergen


      AmerisourceBergen is one of the largest global pharmaceutical sourcing 
      and distribution services companies, helping both healthcare providers 
      and pharmaceutical and biotech manufacturers improve patient access to 
      products and enhance patient care. With services ranging from drug 
      distribution and niche premium logistics to reimbursement and 
      pharmaceutical consulting services, AmerisourceBergen delivers 
      innovative programs and solutions across the pharmaceutical supply 
      channel in human and animal health. With over $135 billion in annual 
      revenue, AmerisourceBergen is headquartered in Valley Forge, PA, and 
      employs approximately 17,000 people. AmerisourceBergen is ranked #16 on 
      the Fortune 500 list. For more information, go to www.amerisourcebergen.com.
    

AmerisourceBergen's Cautionary Note Regarding 
      Forward-Looking Statements


      Certain of the statements contained in this press release are 
      "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
      Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 
      1934. Words such as "expect," "likely," "outlook," "forecast," "would," 
      "could," "should," "can," "will," "project," "intend," "plan," 
      "continue," "sustain," "synergy," "on track," "believe," "seek," 
      "estimate," "anticipate," "may," "possible," "assume," variations of 
      such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such 
      forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's 
      current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and change in 
      circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future performance 
      and are based on assumptions that could prove incorrect or could cause 
      actual results to vary materially from those indicated. Among the 
      factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
      projected, anticipated, or implied are the following: competition; 
      industry consolidation of both customers and suppliers resulting in 
      increasing pressure to reduce prices for our products and services; 
      changes in pharmaceutical market growth rates; price inflation in 
      branded and generic pharmaceuticals, and price deflation in generics; 
      declining economic conditions in the United States and abroad; financial 
      market volatility and disruption; substantial defaults in payment, 
      material reduction in purchases by or the loss, bankruptcy or insolvency 
      of a major customer; the loss, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major 
      supplier; changes to the customer or supplier mix; the retention of key 
      customer or supplier relationships under less favorable economics or the 
      adverse resolution of any contract or other dispute with customers or 
      suppliers; interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate 
      fluctuations; the disruption of AmerisourceBergen's cash flow and 
      ability to return value to its stockholders in accordance with its past 
      practices; risks associated with the strategic, long-term relationship 
      between Walgreen Boots Alliance, Inc. and AmerisourceBergen, including 
      with respect to the pharmaceutical distribution agreement and/or the 
      global sourcing joint venture; risks associated with the potential 
      impact on AmerisourceBergen's earnings per share resulting from the 
      issuance of the warrants to subsidiaries of Walgreen Boots Alliance, 
      Inc. (the "Warrants"); AmerisourceBergen's inability to implement its 
      hedging strategy to mitigate the potentially dilutive effect of the 
      issuance of its common stock in accordance with the Warrants under its 
      special share repurchase program due to its financial performance, the 
      current and future share price of its common stock, its expected cash 
      flows, competing priorities for capital, and overall market conditions; 
      changes in the United States healthcare and regulatory environment; 
      increasing governmental regulations regarding the pharmaceutical supply 
      channel and pharmaceutical compounding; federal and state government 
      enforcement initiatives to detect and prevent suspicious orders of 
      controlled substances and the diversion of controlled substances; 
      federal and state prosecution of alleged violations of related laws and 
      regulations, and any related litigation, including shareholder 
      derivative lawsuits or other disputes relating to our distribution of 
      controlled substances; increased federal scrutiny and qui tam litigation 
      for alleged violations of fraud and abuse laws and regulations and/or 
      any other laws and regulations governing the marketing, sale, purchase 
      and/or dispensing of pharmaceutical products or services and any related 
      litigation; material adverse resolution of pending legal proceedings; 
      declining reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals; the acquisition of 
      businesses that do not perform as expected, or that are difficult to 
      integrate or control, including the integration of MWI and PharMEDium, 
      or the ability to capture all of the anticipated synergies related 
      thereto; managing foreign expansion, including non-compliance with the 
      U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, anti-bribery laws and economic 
      sanctions and import laws and regulations; malfunction, failure or 
      breach of sophisticated information systems to operate as designed; 
      risks generally associated with data privacy regulation and the 
      international transfer of personal data; changes in tax laws or 
      legislative initiatives that could adversely affect AmerisourceBergen's 
      tax positions and/or AmerisourceBergen's tax liabilities or adverse 
      resolution of challenges to AmerisourceBergen's tax positions; natural 
      disasters or other unexpected events that affect AmerisourceBergen's 
      operations; and other economic, business, competitive, legal, tax, 
      regulatory and/or operational factors affecting AmerisourceBergen's 
      business generally. Certain additional factors that management believes 
      could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those 
      described in forward-looking statements are set forth (i) in Item 1A 
      (Risk Factors) and Item 1 (Business) in the Company’s Annual Report on 
      Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 and elsewhere in 
      that report and (ii) in other reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission.
    




Contacts

AmerisourceBergen CorporationBarbara Brungess, 
      610-727-7199bbrungess@amerisourcebergen.com













Contacts

AmerisourceBergen CorporationBarbara Brungess, 
      610-727-7199bbrungess@amerisourcebergen.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














AmerisourceBergen to buy PharMEDium for $2.58 billion | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport2 years agoAmerisourceBergen to buy PharMEDium for $2.58 billion#Russia#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedCyber RiskBooming cyber security job market boon for hackersFuture of MoneyDigital currency start-ups shrug off SEC warning on fund raisingThe Trump Administration Scaramucci lashes colleagues in obscene rantPicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#DealsOctober 6, 2015 /  11:21 AM / 2 years agoAmerisourceBergen to buy PharMEDium for $2.58 billion2 Min Read(Reuters) - Drug distributor AmerisourceBergen Corp agreed to buy PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings Inc for $2.58 billion from private equity firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, expanding its business of supplying compounded drugs to hospitals. Compounding is a process in which pharma products are diluted to create doses that are not sold commercially. Increased regulatory oversight following a fungal meningitis outbreak at a compounding pharmacy in 2012 has escalated the costs for hospitals to produce compounded products internally, boosting demand for large-scale firms such as PharMEDium. "PharMEDium brings ABC a complementary service line that is undergoing a growth renaissance as hospitals more aggressively outsource compounded sterile needs in wake of new government regulations," Baird Equity Research analyst Eric Coldwell wrote in a note. Lake Forest, Illinois-based PharMEDium provides compounded intravenous and local anesthesia products to about 3,000 hospitals in the United States. Clayton, Dubilier & Rice acquired PharMEDium in January 2014. While no financial terms were disclosed, media reports said the deal was done at around a $900 million enterprise valuation. PharMEDium filed for a $100 million IPO in August, planning to list on the New York Stock Exchange. AmerisourceBergen has been focusing on M&As to expand its product offerings. In January, the company bought MWI Veterinary for $2.5 billion to expand into animal health. The PharMEDium acquisition is expected to add 22-26 cents to AmerisourceBergen's adjusted earnings per share in 2016 and generate savings of about $30 million by 2018, the company said on Tuesday. Morgan Stanley is the financial adviser to AmerisourceBergen, while J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Credit Suisse advised PharMEDium. AmerisourceBergen's shares closed down 2 percent at $93.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. Reporting by Amrutha Penumudi in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.



PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:37 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. provides outsourced compounded sterile preparations to acute care hospitals in the United States. It offers products for various therapy classes, including pain management, operating room anesthesia, intensive care, nerve block, and labor and delivery. The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in the Lake Forest, Illinois. As of November 6, 2015, PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation.


Two Conway ParkSuite 350150 North Field DriveLake Forest, IL 60045United StatesFounded in 20031,100 Employees



Phone: 847-457-2300

Fax: 847-234-1363

www.pharmedium.com







Key Executives for PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Richard J. Kruzynski R.Ph.


      	President
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Matthew D. Anderson CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 46
        







Ms. Tanya L. Hayes


      	Chief Human Resources Officer and Vice President
      








Ms. Karen Gramigna-Warren


      	Chief Information Officer
      


Age: 54
        







Ms. Susan Sarb


      	Vice President of Corporate Development and Assistant Secretary
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

AmerisourceBergen Corporation, PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. - M&A Call
Oct 6 15
To discuss AmerisourceBergen agreement to purchase PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc., please visit www.pharmedium.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































PMHC Stock Quote - Pharmedium-Healthcare-Holdings-Inc Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 




















PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC.


Company Address
PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE CORPORATION2 CONWAY PARK, 150 N.FIELD DR., STE.350LAKE FOREST, IL 60045


Company Phone
(847) 457-2300


Company Website
www.pharmedium.com


CEO
William R. Spalding


Employees  (as of 6/30/2015) 
1100


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
 -- 


Status
Withdrawn (12/2/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NYSE


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$100,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001598816




The selling stockholder will receive all of the net proceeds from the sale of
shares of our common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus. We will not
receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares being sold in this offering.
The selling stockholder will bear any underwriting commissions and discounts
attributable to its sale of our common stock, and we will bear the remaining
expenses.


Our industry is highly fragmented and, we believe, still nascent. We believe
that there are currently no national players that compete with us in the
large-scale, high-quality anticipatory compounding space in our therapeutic
categories. Central Admixture Pharmacy Services, or CAPS, a subsidiary of B.
Braun Medical, offers a limited number of service lines that directly compete
with us and has historically focused on total parenteral nutrition, which is
outside of our current service lines and represents a different business model
based primarily on patient-specific compounding. We believe the rest of the
industry consists of fewer than eight regional competitors, as well as numerous
local players that primarily provide patient-specific compounding. As of 
August 14, 2015, 55 facilities have registered as an outsourcing facility under
Section 503B of the DQSA. Of the 55 registered facilities, only 13 are
registered as “sterile-to-sterile” compounders, and four of those 13 are our
facilities.

We believe safety, quality, transparency, demonstrated regulatory compliance and
customization are the principal considerations for hospitals when choosing to
outsource CSPs and selecting a provider of outsourced CSPs. Before the end of
2012, we also faced significant price competition, especially from low priced
non-“sterile-to-sterile” compounders. Since the fungal meningitis outbreak in
2012, which was caused by low-priced “non-sterile-to-sterile” CSPs, we believe
that these other considerations have become much more important than price to
our customers. We believe our service offering is difficult to replicate for new
entrants because Section 503B outsourced compounding requires error-free
production and compliance with extensive and evolving regulations and increasing
federal regulatory oversight. In addition, customer confidence and loyalty
depend on an established track record of quality and patient safety.

In the future, we could face additional competition from companies that do not
currently engage in anticipatory compounding in the United States. These
potential competitors may include (i) pharmaceutical manufacturers that
currently offer CSPs outside the United States but who are otherwise in the U.S.
health care market and may decide to expand their U.S. service offerings to
include CSPs; (ii) pharmaceutical manufacturers that may expand their product
offerings to include sterile intravenous admixture solutions and CSPs;
(iii) regional compounders who provide patient-specific compounding that decide
to expand to anticipatory non-patient-specific compounding and register as an
outsourcing facility under the DQSA; (iv) large hospitals and IDNs that may
decide to develop onsite or shared facilities to self-source anticipatory
compounding; and (v) new entrants attracted to the strong growth of our
industry.


Company Description
We are the leading national provider of outsourced compounded sterile
preparations, or CSPs, to acute care hospitals in the United States. Sterile
compounding is the process by which pharmaceuticals are combined or mixed to
create a drug dosage therapy customized to meet specific hospital and


 physician
clinical needs in formulations that are not otherwise commercially available.
Our CSPs offer a strong value proposition to acute care hospitals by helping to
address the growing need for greater operational efficiency, enhanced patient
safety and improved clinical outcomes. We source sterile drugs, diluents and
containers only from manufacturers registered with the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or the FDA, and we compound only with FDA-approved or allowed
drugs in finished dosage form and use only FDA-approved diluents and FDA-cleared
containers. Utilizing these raw material components, we prepare and provide a
broad range of over 2,000 customized stock keeping units, or SKUs, to meet the
individual requirements of our approximately 3,000 acute care hospital customers
located across all 50 states. Our value-added service offering has resulted in
high customer retention rates, which were in excess of 90% in each of the last
three years. We contract with each hospital customer directly and receive
payments from them for our services. Accordingly, we are not exposed to any
direct reimbursement risk.

We believe that our proven ability to deliver “sterile-to-sterile” CSPs
consistently and reliably with a high degree of process and quality control is a
key differentiator. We utilize our four state-of-the-art compounding facilities,
comprehensive standard operating procedures, validated processes and systems,
and a highly trained workforce of pharmacists and certified pharmacy technicians
to create CSPs in a ready-to-use form with enhanced safety, labeling, sterility
assurance and extended expiration dating that often exceed what hospital
pharmacies can accomplish on their own. We believe that our CSPs provide a risk
mitigation and cost management solution to our hospital customers, while also
improving the overall quality of care provided to patients. For example, we
believe (i) our pre-filled, pre-labeled CSPs reduce the risk of medication
errors, (ii) our extended expiration dating capabilities minimize drug waste and
enhance work flow and (iii) our ready-to-use format improves clinician
productivity. As a result, we believe that our services enhance overall
operational efficiencies for our hospital customers.

We provide “mission critical” CSPs for most of the highest frequency procedures
performed within acute care hospitals across several distinct therapy
categories, including pain management, operating room anesthesia, intensive
care, nerve block, and labor and delivery. We believe we are the established
market leader for outsourced CSPs in these core therapy categories and estimate
our capacity in these categories to be at least three times greater than that of
our nearest competitor. We also believe there are multiple opportunities to
continue our growth, including by expanding our relationships with our existing
customers in our current service offerings, introducing new service offerings
within our existing therapy categories, expanding into new therapy categories,
adding new hospital customers and expanding into new venues of care, such as
free-standing hospital outpatient departments and ambulatory surgery centers,
which we refer to as Alternate Sites.

Our company was founded in 2003 through an asset acquisition from a large
pharmaceutical and sterile solutions manufacturer. At the time of the 
acquisition, we acquired significant operational and managerial expertise in the
hospital pharmacy admixture services industry. Over the years since, we have
significantly refined and improved our expertise in producing high-quality CSPs
at scale in accordance with applicable federal and state regulatory requirements
and have developed a brand based on our commitment to safety and quality in our
industry. We have been registered with U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or
the DEA, since our inception in 2003, voluntarily registered at that time as a
manufacturer with the FDA and were one of the first entities to voluntarily
register with the FDA as a Section 503B large scale sterile compounding
outsourcing facility following the passage of the U.S. Drug Quality and Security
Act, or the DQSA. We believe that increased oversight and regulation of CSPs by
the FDA and other federal and state agencies has increased the cost and
complexity of hospitals continuing to provide sterile compounding services
in-house, increased the incentive for them to outsource and, as a result, has
reinforced our position in the industry as a trusted provider of outsourced
CSPs.

We source approved drugs and diluents and cleared container components from a
broad range of FDA-registered manufacturers and retain relationships with more
than one source for a significant portion of our drug inputs to enhance
continuity of supply for our customers. We emphasize strategic relationships
across the injectables supply chain, keep abreast of regulatory and compliance
requirements within our suppliers’ respective organizations and proactively plan
to mitigate drug, container and diluent supply disruptions through redundant
supplier relationships and inventory management arrangements. Because of our
strategic importance to our suppliers and the breadth of our product offerings,
we are able to facilitate migration by our customers to alternative drug
therapies when necessary due to shortages or other disruptions. We also design
our CSPs to be compatible with various infusion pumps and other drug delivery
mechanisms utilized by healthcare providers, which broadens our clinical
applications and expands our addressable markets. In addition, our ability to
work with various drug types, containers, concentrations and dosage forms allows
us to provide our customers with a wide range of service customization options
to meet specific customer requests, which in turn allows our customers to better
serve patient needs.
---

PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. is a Delaware corporation. Our principal
executive offices are located at Two Conway Park, 150 North Field Drive, Suite
350, Lake Forest, Illinois 60045, and our telephone number is (847) 457-2300.
Our website is www.pharmedium.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$209,527,000


Net Income
$9,348,000


Total Assets
$1,106,129,000






Total Liabilities
$708,710,000


Stockholders' Equity
$397,419,000




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC.
RW
12/2/2016
Filing



PHARMEDIUM HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, INC.
S-1
8/31/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Ernst & Young LLP


Company Counsel
Debevoise & Plimpton, LLP


Lead Underwriter
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC


Lead Underwriter
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC


Lead Underwriter
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


Transfer Agent
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC


Underwriter
BofA Merrill Lynch


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co


Underwriter
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated


Underwriter Counsel
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            GLOBAL MARKETS-Amazon wobble creates ripples across worldwide stock markets
                        



	                     4:52AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. Republican push to gut Obamacare ends in defeat for Trump
                        



	                     4:38AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Swiss franc set for biggest weekly drop in nearly 2 years
                        



	                     3:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Japanese drugmaker Takeda posts stronger profit as U.S. sales jump
                        



	                     3:28AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX






































  PMHC Stock Quote - PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings Inc   PMHC:US      Unlisted   PMHC:US is unlisted   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. provides outsourced hospital pharmacy admixture compounded solutions. The Company offers pharmacy sterile compounding for hospital intravenous and epidural therapies. PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings serves acute care hospitals in the United States.    Address  150 North Field DriveSuite 350, 2 Conway ParkLake Forest, IL 60045United States   Phone  1-847-457-2300   Website   www.pharmedium.com     Executives Board Members    Richard J Kruzynski  President    Karen Gramigna  Chief Information Officer    Tanya L Hayes  VP/Chief Human Resources Ofcr    Jennifer Adams  VP:Sales    Thomas Cosentino  VP:Field Operations     Show More         



























Outsourced Sterile Compounding Services | PharMEDium






















 






















 
PharMEDium is a leading provider of ready-to-use Compounded Sterile Preparations (CSPs)View Full Video PharMEDium is a leading provider of ready-to-use Compounded Sterile Preparations (CSPs) 



150,000Units of Finished Compounded Sterile Preparations Produced Daily350+Pharmacists, Certified Pharmacy Technicians, Microbiologists & Chemists4State-of-the-Art FDA Registered 503B Outsourcing Facilities2,800+Compounded Sterile Preparations Available in our Service Catalog 





Providing the Highest Quality Sterile Compounded Services
Learn More




In more ways than you think.








Watch Video



 

Hospital pharmacies may not have the ability or resources to prepare compounded sterile preparations (CSPs) that are essential for proper patient care. These products are essential to both patient flow and patient care on an everyday basis. Without these CSPs, patients may have surgeries or procedures delayed as a consequence of the lack of critical or sometimes life-sustaining drugs. Consequently, quality of care may be impacted and patient satisfaction decreases.Eugene R. Viscusi, MD // Chief of Pain Medicine // Professor, Anesthesiology, Thomas Jefferson UniversityThe syringe labeling we get from PharMEDium promotes patient safety, particularly for look-alike drugs, such as phenylephrine. Having ready to use single dose syringes for this anesthesia product enhances utilization and makes drug name and dosage confirmation that much easier.Norman Tomaka, BS Pharm, MS, FAPhA // Melbourne Same Day SurgeryFDA encourages health care facilities that purchase compounded drugs to obtain them from outsourcing facilities because they are subject to increased quality standards and federal oversight.FDA's Human Drug Compounding Progress Report (January 2017)


Ready to get started? Let's Talk.
Contact Us




P20042
















PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings Acquired By AmerisourceBergen | Mergr





































        Acquired by 
                                                    AmerisourceBergen Corp. (Company)
                    
        on 
            2015-10-06        




PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.

                                                        Two Conway Park Suite 350 150 North Field Drive, 
                    
                    Lake Forest,  
                    Illinois 60045 
                    United States, 
                                            (847) 457-2300 
www.pharmedium.com 







 


 
 
 







        Profile
    



        Investors (2)




        Analytics
    
 
 
 
 





PharMEDium is a provider of compounded sterile preparations. PharMEDium’s complete and total commitment to advancing patient safety is embodied through first-in-class labeling, packaging and cutting-edge bar code scanning technology designed to help reduce the potential for medication errors. Founded in 2003, PharMEDium serves over 3,000 acute care hospitals nationwide through four centers located in Tennessee, Mississippi, Texas and New Jersey. PharMEDium’s state-of-the-art 503B Outsourcing Facilities are registered with the FDA and licensed by the states. Highly trained and qualified personnel adhere to rigorous quality standards and applicable cGMPs using only FDA-approved or allowed sterile drugs and FDA-cleared sterile containers in its preparations. As a trusted partner to its hospital customers, PharMEDium reliably and consistently meets their need for customized, ready to use admixtures essential to their on-going operations. 
 






 
 




Company Summary

SECTOR
Life Science
Established
2003
 

Investor History





2015-10-06
Add-on Acquisition

2.6B USD


                                                AmerisourceBergen Corp.                                              



                                                Clayton Dubilier & Rice                                              
PE









 
 
 

 




PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings was acquired by AmerisourceBergen on October 06, 2015.
                

Join Mergr to view all 261 acquisitions of life science companies in 2015, including 16 acquisitions by private equity firms, and 245 by strategics.Out of 60 sectors in the Mergr database, life science ranked 9 in number of deals in 2015. The largest life science acquisition in 2015 was Allergan - which was acquired by Allergan for $70.5B.

Join Mergr to view this profile - and discover more life science acquisitions of companies like PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings.
            

What's Mergr?







 Mergr, the Easiest-to-Use PE and M&A DB



Key Benefits

Stay informed on events in your industry
M&A research that takes seconds (not all afternoon)
Better understand your customers and prospects
Discover active buyers (or sellers)



Search

3.1K Private Equity Firms
109K M&A Transactions
119K Companies Involved in M&A 
                            (Buyer, Seller, or Target)
2.6K M&A Advisors
                            (Investment Banks and Law Firms)
38K M&A Contacts 
                            (PE and M&A Advisors)




Ready to try?

Get Started


                    Just $150/month
Month to month. Cancel anytime.




 
 










Product


Pricing 
Browse 
Docs 




Company

About 
Contact 
Blog 




Legal

Terms
Privacy




























































AmerisourceBergen to Acquire PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc. | PharMEDium
























 
























News and Events







Back to all posts
October 6, 2015

AmerisourceBergen to Acquire PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc.
AmerisourceBergen (NYSE:ABC) today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase PharMEDium Healthcare Holdings, Inc., the privately held leading national provider of outsourced compounded sterile preparations (CSPs) to acute care hospitals in the United States, from Clayton, Dubilier & Rice for $2.575 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments and on a cash-free, debt-free basis. The acquisition is expected to be $0.22 to $0.26 accretive to the Company’s adjusted earnings per share in fiscal 2016 on a net basis, and is expected to generate approximately $30 million in synergies by fiscal 2018. The transaction is subject to regulatory review and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, which ends December 31, 2015. This acquisition was not contemplated in the previous guidance the Company gave for adjusted earnings per share growth in fiscal 2016 in the low teens range on a percentage basis. Therefore, upon closing, the contribution from the acquisition will be incremental to our previous expectations.
PharMEDium is the premier provider of customized outsourced CSPs that meet specific hospital and physician clinical needs and quality standards in formulations that are not otherwise commercially available. PharMEDium will become a part of AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation. “The acquisition of PharMEDium strengthens our core business and meaningfully expands our innovative service offerings for health systems,” said Steven H. Collis, AmerisourceBergen President and Chief Executive Officer. “PharMEDium’s impressive track record of growth and proven ability to consistently deliver high quality CSPs in key therapeutic areas make them the undisputed leader in an important growth area of the U.S. healthcare market. PharMEDium is a compelling addition to our business, which allows us to provide differentiated offerings and further increases our ability to drive both value and efficiency for our health systems customers in a way that enhances patient safety and helps improve patient outcomes.”
“We are excited about this transaction, which brings together two great brands built on the same strong foundation of patient safety and quality, service excellence and value to our customers,” said William R. Spalding, PharMEDium Chief Executive Officer. “We are confident in our ability to leverage the depth and breadth of the AmerisourceBergen organization to further enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our hospital pharmacy CSP services and solutions.”
PharMEDium delivers “sterile to sterile” CSPs in a ready to use form with enhanced safety, labeling, sterility assurance, and extended expiration dating supported by appropriate studies that often exceeds what hospital pharmacies can accomplish on their own. The CSPs are prepared in state-of-the-art, FDA and state board of pharmacy inspected facilities, using only FDA-approved or allowed drugs in finished dosage form and FDA-approved diluents and FDA-cleared containers. PharMEDium maintains 4 compounding facilities, provides a broad range of 2,000 SKUs and serves over 3,000 hospital customers across all 50 states.
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC acted as financial advisor, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP provided legal counsel to AmerisourceBergen. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Credit Suisse acted as financial advisors, and Debevoise & Plimpton LLP and K&L Gates LLP provided legal counsel to PharMEDium.
AmerisourceBergen will host a conference call October 6, 2015 at 8:30 am Eastern time to discuss the transaction. The conference call can be accessed by dialing (612) 288-0340. No access code is required. The live call can also be accessed via a webcast provided on the Investors pages at www.amerisourcebergen.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for at least 30 days. A telephone replay will be available for 7 days by dialing 800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844, and entering access code 370643.
About AmerisourceBergen
AmerisourceBergen is one of the largest global pharmaceutical sourcing and distribution services companies, helping both healthcare providers and pharmaceutical and biotech manufacturers improve patient access to products and enhance patient care. With services ranging from drug distribution and niche premium logistics to reimbursement and pharmaceutical consulting services, AmerisourceBergen delivers innovative programs and solutions across the pharmaceutical supply channel in human medicine and animal health. With over $120 billion in annual revenue, AmerisourceBergen is headquartered in Valley Forge, PA, and employs approximately 16,000 people. AmerisourceBergen is ranked #16 on the Fortune 500 list. For more information, go to www.amerisourcebergen.com.
About Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
Founded in 1978, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice is a private investment firm with a strategy predicated on building stronger, more profitable businesses. Since inception, CD&R has managed the investment of $21 billion in 65 businesses with an aggregate transaction value of approximately $100 billion. In addition to PharMEDium, recent healthcare investments include AssuraMed, Envision Healthcare, Healogics and Vets First Choice. To learn more about CD&R, please visit www.cdr-inc.com.
About PharMEDium
PharMEDium is the nation’s leading provider of compounded sterile preparations. PharMEDium’s complete and total commitment to advancing patient safety is embodied through first-in-class labeling, packaging and cutting-edge bar code scanning technology designed to help reduce the potential for medication errors. Founded in 2003, PharMEDium serves over 3,000 acute care hospitals nationwide through four centers located in Tennessee, Mississippi, Texas and New Jersey. PharMEDium’s state-of-the-art 503B Outsourcing Facilities are registered with the FDA and licensed by the states. Highly trained and qualified personnel adhere to rigorous quality standards and applicable cGMPs using only FDA-approved or allowed sterile drugs and FDA-cleared sterile containers in its preparations. As a trusted partner to its hospital customers, PharMEDium reliably and consistently meets their need for customized, ready to use admixtures essential to their on-going operations. For more information, please visit www.pharmedium.com.
AmerisourceBergen’s Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this news release are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Words such as “expect,” “likely,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “can,” “will,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “continue,” “sustain,” “synergy,” “on track,” “believe,” “seek,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “may,” “possible,” “assume,” variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and change in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are based on assumptions that could prove incorrect or could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated. Such forward-looking statements include the anticipated changes in the business environment in which AmerisourceBergen operates and in AmerisourceBergen’s future operating results relating to the potential benefits of a transaction with PharMEDium Healthcare Holding, Inc. (PharMEDium) and the ability of AmerisourceBergen and PharMEDium to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the parties’ ability to satisfy the conditions to the transaction set forth in the Merger Agreement. Actual results may differ materially from current expectations because of risks associated with uncertainties as to the timing of the Merger; the possibility that various conditions to the consummation of the Merger may not be satisfied or waived; the effects of disruption from the transactions on the respective businesses of AmerisourceBergen and PharMEDium and the fact that the announcement and pendency of the transactions may make it more difficult to establish or maintain relationships with employees, suppliers and other business partners; and other risks and uncertainties pertaining to the business of AmerisourceBergen detailed in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) from time to time. Forward-looking statements in this document should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect AmerisourceBergen’s businesses, particularly those mentioned in the risk factors and other cautionary statements in AmerisourceBergen’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 and in AmerisourceBergen’s other reports filed with the SEC. The reader is cautioned not to rely unduly on these forward-looking statements. AmerisourceBergen expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.






P20042














