Phillips Edison Grocery Ctr Reit I Inc 8-K May. 19, 2017 11:49 AM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Phillips Edison Grocery Ctr Reit I Inc (PHLD)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 19, 2017 11:49 AM|About: Phillips Edison Grocery Ctr Reit I Inc (PHLD)View as PDF

 PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT I, INC. (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/19/2017 11:50:47) 











	 





	 





	UNITED STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION





	Washington, D.C.
	20549



	 





	  



	FORM 8-K



	 

	 








	 




	CURRENT REPORT





	 





	Pursuant to
	Section 13 or 15(d) of






	The Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934




	 


	Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
	May 18, 2017


	  





	 




	PHILLIPS EDISON
	GROCERY CENTER REIT I, INC.




	(Exact name of registrant specified in its charter)


	 





	 


	 






	Maryland






	000-54691






	27-1106076







	(State or other jurisdiction of


	incorporation or organization)




	(Commission File Number)




	IRS Employer


	Identification No.





	 


	11501 Northlake Drive


	Cincinnati, Ohio 45249


	(Address of principal executive offices)


	 


	Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code: (513) 554-1110


	 


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
	intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:




	☐





	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)





	 


	 





	☒




	 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)





	 


	 




	☐





	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))





	 


	 




	☐





	 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))






	 





	 









	 







	 









	 











	Item 7.01.  Regulation FD Disclosure




	 



	On May 18, 2017, Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. (the
	“Company”) entered into a definitive contribution agreement (the “Contribution Agreement”) to acquire real
	estate assets and the third party asset management business of its sponsor, Phillips Edison Limited Partnership (“PELP”),
	in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately $1 billion, subject to closing adjustments. In connection with entry into
	the Contribution Agreement, certain investor communications were prepared and are filed herewith.


	 


	On May 19, 2017, the Company issued a press release announcing,
	among other things, the entry into the Contribution Agreement. A copy of that press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1
	and is incorporated herein by reference.


	 


	On or around May 19, 2017, the Company began distributing to its
	stockholders a stockholder letter announcing, among other things, the Company’s entry into the Contribution Agreement. A
	copy of this letter is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.


	 


	The Company prepared an investor presentation regarding the Contribution
	Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.


	 



	Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements:



	 


	Certain statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K
	may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including statements regarding the transaction and the ability
	to consummate the transaction and anticipated accretion, dividend coverage, dividends and other anticipated benefits of the transaction.
	The Company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements
	contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such statements include, in
	particular, statements about the Company’s plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties,
	as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated.
	Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of the Company’s performance in future periods. Such forward-looking
	statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as “pro forma,” “may,”
	“will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,”
	“anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” or other similar words. Readers
	are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release.
	The Company makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements
	contained in this release, and does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
	statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.


	 






	 









	 







	Additional Information and Where to Find
	It:




	 



	This communication does not constitute a solicitation
	of materials of any vote or approval in respect of the proposed transaction involving the Company or otherwise. In connection
	with the proposed merger, a stockholder meeting will be announced soon to obtain stockholder approval. In connection with the
	proposed transaction, the Company intends to file relevant materials, including a proxy statement, with the Securities and Exchange
	Commission (the “SEC”). The Company’s stockholders are urged to read the definitive proxy statement and other
	relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about the Company and the proposed
	transaction. The proxy statement and other relevant materials (when they become available), and any other documents filed by the
	Company with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at

	www.sec.gov

	, at the Company’s
	website at

	www.grocerycenterREIT1.com

	or by sending a written request to the Company at 11501 Northlake Drive, Cincinnati,
	OH 45249, Attention: Investor Relations.


	 



	Participants in the Solicitation




	 



	The Company and its directors, executive officers and certain other
	members of management may be deemed to be participants in soliciting proxies from the Company’s stockholders in favor of
	the proposed merger. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered to be participants in
	the solicitation of the Company’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction and their ownership of the Company’s
	common stock will be set forth in the proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders. Investors can find more information
	about the Company’s executive officers and directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
	31, 2016.




	 







	Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.



	 



	(d) Exhibits.



	 








	Exhibit No.




	 




	Description







	99.1



	 



	Press Release






	99.2



	 



	Stockholder Letter






	99.3



	 



	Investor Presentation








	 






	 









	 









	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
	the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 



	PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT I, INC.





	 


	 




	 


	 





	Dated:  May 19, 2017




	By:




	/s/ R. Mark Addy





	 


	 



	R. Mark Addy


	President and Chief Operating Officer






	 






	 









	 










	EXHIBIT INDEX




	 








	Exhibit No.




	 




	Description







	99.1



	 




	Press Release







	99.2



	 




	Stockholder Letter







	99.3



	 




	Investor Presentation








	 








	 






	 










	 








	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 8-K




	 




	Exhibit 99.1




	 


Click to enlarge


	 



	PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT I TO
	ACQUIRE REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS FROM PHILLIPS EDISON LIMITED PARTNERSHIP



	 



	Acquisition creates an approximately $4 billion
	internally-managed REIT, focused exclusively on grocery-anchored shopping centers




	 




	Transaction expected to be immediately accretive
	to earnings



	 



	CINCINNATI (May 19, 2017)

	– Phillips
	Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. (“PECO I” or the “company”) entered into a definitive contribution agreement
	on May 18, 2017 to acquire real estate assets and the third party asset management business of its sponsor and external advisor,
	Phillips Edison Limited Partnership (“PELP”), in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately $1 billion, subject
	to closing adjustments.


	 


	Upon the closing of the transaction, this highly
	strategic acquisition will create an internally-managed, non-traded grocery-anchored shopping center REIT with an expected total
	enterprise value of approximately $4 billion. The resulting enterprise will own a high-quality, nationally-diversified portfolio
	of 230 shopping centers in 32 states that is well positioned to drive sustained growth and create enhanced value for all shareholders.
	PECO I estimates that, on a pro forma basis, funds from operation (“FFO”) would have increased by 8-10% on a per share
	basis for the three months ended March 31, 2017 relative to actual results.


	 


	Under the terms of the agreement, PELP will receive approximately
	45.2 million operating partnership units ( “OP units”) in PECO I’s operating partnership, Phillips Edison Grocery
	Center Operating Partnership I, L.P. (“PECO I OP”), inclusive of 4.8 million Class B Units in PECO I OP already outstanding,
	and approximately $50.0 million in cash in exchange for the contribution of PELP’s ownership interests in 76 shopping centers
	and its third party asset management business.


	 


	Each OP unit is exchangeable for PECO I common shares. PECO
	I’s board of directors recently reaffirmed that the company’s common stock has an estimated value per share of $10.20
	as of March 31, 2017. An independent third party valuation firm, Duff & Phelps, provided a range of the estimated value per
	share of the company’s common stock based substantially on its estimate of the market value of the company’s portfolio
	as of March 31, 2017.


	 


	The cash portion of the consideration will be used to retire
	certain minority interests in PELP to help ensure the combined company maintains its qualification as a REIT.


	 


	Management will receive no cash consideration in this transaction
	and will be subject to traditional and customary lockup provisions. Additionally, PECO I will not pay any internalization fees
	in connection with the transaction, i.e., no consideration is being paid for the advisory services that PELP provides to PECO I.


	 


	Outstanding debt of approximately $501 million is expected
	to be refinanced or assumed by PECO I at closing under the terms of the agreement. The agreement also includes an earn-out structure
	with an opportunity for PELP to receive up to an additional 12.49 million OP units if certain milestones are achieved related to
	a liquidity event for PECO I shareholders and fundraising targets in PELP’s third non-traded REIT, Phillips Edison Grocery
	Center REIT III.


	 


	On a pro forma basis, immediately following
	the closing of the transaction, PECO I shareholders are expected to own approximately 80.2%, and former PELP shareholders are expected
	to own approximately 19.8% of the combined company. The transaction was approved by the independent special committee of PECO I’s
	board of directors, which had retained independent financial and legal advisors. The closing of the transaction is subject to the
	satisfaction of customary conditions. Although not required by law or under PECO I’s governing documents, PECO I has conditioned
	the closing of the transaction on the receipt of the approval of its shareholders. PELP will also seek the approval of its partners.
	The transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2017.


	 


	“Shareholders of PECO I will benefit
	from a combined enterprise with internalized management, increased size and scale, higher earnings potential, greater earnings
	growth potential, improved dividend coverage and enhanced access to capital,” said Stephen Quazzo, the chair of the special
	committee of PECO I’s board of directors. “Importantly, we expect this strategic transaction to be immediately accretive
	to FFO per share, and it positions PECO I well for future capital market opportunities including potential liquidity alternatives.”


	 






	 


	 











	 







	Summary of Strategic Benefits



	The transaction is expected to create significant
	operational and financial benefits, including:


	 




	 


	•




	Maintains Grocery Focus:

	Combined portfolio and all assets under management are focused entirely on grocery-anchored shopping centers with an emphasis on necessity-based retailers, which have proven to be both internet and recession resilient.





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Improved Earnings:

	Expected to be accretive to funds from operations (FFO, as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”)) through meaningful cost synergies from an internalized management structure. Estimated pro forma FFO for the first quarter of 2017 would have increased by approximately 8-10% relative to the performance of stand-alone PECO I.





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Dividends and Dividend Coverage:

	Future monthly distributions for PECO I are expected to remain unchanged following the transaction. PECO I estimates that pro forma FFO would have fully covered distributions for the three months ended March 31, 2017, relative to actual coverage of 92% for PECO I standalone

	.






	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Strengthened Balance Sheet

	: The combined company is expected to have an improved capital position on a Total Debt/EBITDA basis and a total debt to enterprise value of approximately 41.4%, which positions the company well for attractive future financing opportunities.  





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Better Alignment of Management:

	Internalized management structure creates better alignment with its shareholders. Through its investment in OP Units, management will be PECO I’s largest equity owner, owning over 18 million OP Units and common shares, with a long-term view of shareholder value and will be subject to traditional and customary lock-ups.





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Increased Potential for Future Growth

	: Acquired real estate has the opportunity for higher net operating income growth, and the asset management business provides an additional avenue for future long-term earnings growth as assets under management increase.  





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Improved Geographic and Tenant Diversity:

	The combined company will own a high-quality portfolio of 230 grocery-anchored shopping centers comprising approximately 25.5 million square feet in established trade areas located in 32 states, and will benefit from greater geographic, grocery anchor and tenant diversification.  





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Superior Financial Strength and Flexibility:

	With enhanced size and scale, the combined company will have additional access to capital, which can be used to support strategic investments to drive future growth opportunities.





	 


	 


	 




	 


	•




	Liquidity Opportunities:

	Given its enhanced size, scale, improved financials and internalized management structure, the combined company is better positioned to capitalize on capital market opportunities, including potential liquidity alternatives.





	 






	 


	 



	2










	 







	Distribution Reinvestment Plan and Share Repurchase
	Program



	In connection with the proposed acquisition, PECO I has modified its distribution reinvestment plan (DRP) for the month
	of June, and DRP participants will receive their June distribution in cash. The DRP plan will resume in July after the expected
	filing of a preliminary proxy statement in June. The share repurchase program (SRP) is suspended for the month of June and is
	also expected to resume in July after the filing of the same preliminary proxy statement in June.


	 



	Advisors



	Lazard is acting as the exclusive financial
	advisor and Sidley Austin LLP is acting as legal advisor to the special committee of the board of directors of PECO I. Goldman,
	Sachs & Co., JP Morgan Securities LLC, and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. are acting as financial advisors, and Latham Watkins
	LLP is acting as legal advisor to PELP.


	  



	Forward Looking Statements



	Certain statements contained in this press
	release may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
	(the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
	including statements regarding the transaction and the ability to consummate the transaction and anticipated accretion, dividend
	coverage, dividends and other anticipated benefits of the transaction. We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be
	covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
	21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such statements include, in particular, statements about PECO I’s plans, strategies,
	and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual
	results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee
	of PECO I’s performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking
	terminology such as “pro forma,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,”
	“expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,”
	or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
	as of the date of this release. PECO I makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such
	forward-looking statements contained in this release, and does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to publicly update or
	revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.


	 



	About Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT
	I, Inc.



	PECO I is a public non-traded REIT that seeks
	to acquire and manage well-occupied grocery-anchored neighborhood shopping centers having a mix of national and regional retailers
	selling necessity-based goods and services, in strong demographic markets throughout the United States. As of March 31, 2017, the
	company owned and managed an institutional quality retail portfolio consisting of 154 grocery-anchored shopping centers totaling
	approximately 16.8 million square feet.


	 



	About Phillips Edison Limited Partnership



	Since 1991, Phillips Edison Limited Partnership
	has focused on the grocery-anchored shopping center sector. The company has a fully integrated in-house operating platform built
	on market leading expertise designed to optimize property value and consistently deliver a great shopping experience. Led by a
	veteran management team, Phillips Edison’s operating platform provides retail services including acquisition, redevelopment,
	leasing and management of grocery-anchored retail centers. The company's portfolio currently includes a national footprint of
	retail properties. The company has corporate offices in Cincinnati, Salt Lake City, New York City and Atlanta. More information
	about PELP can be obtained at PELP’s website at

	www.phillipsedison.com

	or on PELP’s LinkedIn page.


	 






	 


	 



	3










	 







	Additional Information About the Transaction
	and Where to Find It



	This communication does not constitute a solicitation
	of materials of any vote or approval in respect of the proposed transaction involving PECO I or otherwise. In connection with
	the proposed transaction, a stockholder meeting will be announced soon to obtain stockholder approval. In connection with the
	proposed transaction, PECO I intends to file relevant materials, including a proxy statement, with the Securities and Exchange
	Commission (the “SEC”). Investors and security holders of PECO I are urged to read the definitive proxy statement
	and other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about PECO I and the proposed
	transaction. The proxy statement and other relevant materials (when they become available), and any other documents filed by PECO
	I with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at

	www.sec.gov

	, at PECO I’s website at

	www.grocerycenterREIT1.com

	or by sending a written request to the Company at 11501 Northlake Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45249,
	Attention: Investor Relations.


	 



	Participants in the Solicitation



	PECO I and its directors, executive officers
	and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in soliciting proxies from the stockholders
	of PECO I in favor of the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered
	to be participants in the solicitation of PECO I’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction and their ownership
	of PECO I’s common stock will be set forth in the proxy statement for its stockholder meeting. Investors can find more information
	about PECO I’s executive officers and directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
	2016 and in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 29, 2016.


	 



	Stockholder Update Call



	Company management will publish a stockholder
	update webinar on May 22, 2017 to discuss the transaction. Interested parties can listen to the presentation by clicking the link
	available in the Events & Presentations section of the Investor Relations website at

	http://investors.grocerycenterreit1.com/event

	.



	 




	Investor Contact:



	Michael Koehler


	Director of Investor Relations



	mkoehler@phillipsedison.com

	| 513-338-2743


	 








	 


	 



	4







	 










	 








	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 8-K




	 




	Exhibit 99.2




	 


	Dear Shareholder,


	 


	I have important news to share with you regarding
	the future of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. (PECO I).


	 


	PECO I entered into a definitive agreement
	on May 18, 2017 to acquire real estate assets and the asset management business of its sponsor and external advisor, Phillips
	Edison Limited Partnership (PELP). The SEC Filings and Press Release announcing the transaction can be found on our website at

	http://investors.grocerycenterreit1.com/news

	.


	 


	A webinar, which includes
	management’s discussion of the transaction, will be available online on Monday, May 22, 2017 and will be accessible on the
	Events & Presentations section of the Investor Relations website at

	http://investors.grocerycenterreit1.com/event-calendar

	.


	 


	If you have any questions about the transaction,
	please contact our Director of Investor Relations, Michael Koehler, at (513) 338-2743 or by emailing

	mkoehler@phillipsedison.com

	.


	 


	Our commitment to maximizing shareholder returns
	has guided our business decisions throughout PECO REIT I’s history, and we will continue to operate with this same mentality
	going forward. On behalf of the board and entire management team, I thank you for your investment in PECO I.


	 


	 


	Sincerely,


	 


	 


	Stephen Quazzo


	Lead Independent Director from the Special
	Committee of Phillips Edison Grocery REIT I, Inc.


	 



	 




	Additional Information About the Merger
	and Where to Find It




	 



	This communication does not constitute a solicitation
	of materials of any vote or approval in respect of the proposed transaction involving PECO I or otherwise. In connection with the
	proposed merger, a stockholder meeting for PECO I will be announced soon to obtain stockholder approval. In connection with the
	proposed transaction, PECO I intends to file relevant materials, including a proxy statement, with the Securities and Exchange
	Commission (the “SEC”). Investors and security holders of PECO I are urged to read the definitive proxy statement and
	other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about PECO I and the proposed
	transaction. The proxy statement and other relevant materials (when they become available), and any other documents filed by PECO
	I with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, at PECO I’s website at www.grocerycenterREIT1.com
	or by sending a written request to the Company at 11501 Northlake Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45249, Attention: Investor Relations.


	 



	Participants in the Solicitation




	 



	PECO I and its directors, executive officers
	and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in soliciting proxies from the stockholders
	of PECO I in favor of the proposed merger. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered
	to be participants in the solicitation of PECO I’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction and their ownership
	of PECO I’s common stock will be set forth in the proxy statement for its annual meeting. Investors can find more information
	about PECO I’s executive officers and directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
	2016 and in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 29, 2016.


	 








	 






	 










	 








	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 8-K




	 




	Exhibit 99.3




	 


	 


Click to enlarge


	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I to Acquire Phillips Edison Limited Partnership May 2017






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	2 · FORWARD - LOOKING STATEMENT DISCLOSURE Certain statements contained in this press release may be considered forward - looking statements within the meaning of Section 27 A of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended (the “Securities Act ”), and Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the “Exchange Act ”), including statements regarding the transaction and the ability to consummate the transaction and anticipated dividends . We intend for all such forward - looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward - looking statements contained in Section 27 A of the Securities Act and Section 21 E of the Exchange Act, as applicable . Such statements include, in particular, statements about PECO I’s plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated . Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of PECO I’s performance in future periods . Such forward - looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward - looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “would ,” “ could,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” or other similar words . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward - looking statements , which speak only as of the date of this release . PECO I makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward - looking statements contained in this release, and does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise . 2






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	3 · INFORMATION DISCLOSURE Additional Information About the Transaction and Where to Find It This communication does not constitute a solicitation of materials of any vote or approval in respect of the proposed transac tio n involving PECO I or otherwise. In connection with the proposed transaction, a stockholder meeting will be announced soon to obtain stockholder approval. In connection with the proposed transaction, PECO I intends to file relevant materials, includi ng a proxy statement, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Investors and security holders of PECO I are urged to read the definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain importa nt information about PECO I and the proposed transaction. The proxy statement and other relevant materials (when they become available), and any other documents filed by PECO I with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov , at PECO I’s website at www.grocerycenterREIT1.com or by sending a written request to the Company at 11501 Northlake Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45249, Attention: Investor Relations. Participants in the Solicitation PECO I and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in soliciting proxies from the stockholders of PECO I in favor of the proposed transaction. Information regardin g t he persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered to be participants in the solicitation of PECO I’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction and their ownership of PECO I’s common stock will be set forth in the proxy statemen t for its stockholder meeting. Investors can find more information about PECO I’s executive officers and directors in its Annu al Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on June 28, 2016. 3






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	4 · AGENDA 4 • Review of Transaction – Transaction Details – Consideration – Capital Structure • Overview of PELP • Pro Forma Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I – Portfolio – Capital Structure – Financial Benefits • Timeline • Key Takeaways – Liquidity






	 









	 






	 




Click to enlarge


	1 · Phillips Edison Limited Partnership Real Estate 76 Shopping Centers 1 Necessity Retail Partners (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Property Count as of 3/31/2017 PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 154 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Pre Transaction Post Transaction Real Estate 230 Shopping Centers 5 Asset Manager Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Asset Manager 1 ) Excludes certain assets not included in the transaction Necessity Retail Partners (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers


	 








	1 · Phillips Edison Limited Partnership Real Estate 76 Shopping Centers 1 Necessity Retail Partners (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Property Count as of 3/31/2017 PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 154 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Pre Transaction Post Transaction Real Estate 230 Shopping Centers 5 Asset Manager Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Asset Manager 1 ) Excludes certain assets not included in the transaction Necessity Retail Partners (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers


	 


	 




	1 · Phillips Edison Limited Partnership Real Estate 76 Shopping Centers 1 Necessity Retail Partners (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Property Count as of 3/31/2017 PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 154 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Pre Transaction Post Transaction Real Estate 230 Shopping Centers 5 Asset Manager Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Asset Manager 1 ) Excludes certain assets not included in the transaction Necessity Retail Partners (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers




	 




	5 · Phillips Edison Limited Partnership Real Estate 76 Shopping Centers 1 TPG Joint Venture (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Property Count as of 3/31/2017 PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 154 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Pre Transaction Post Transaction Real Estate 230 Shopping Centers 5 Asset Manager TPG Joint Venture (20 % Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Asset Manager 1 ) Excludes certain assets not included in the transaction






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	6 · DETAILS: PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP PECO I PELP • Externally managed non - traded REIT with estimated $3.0B TEV • 154 shopping centers with 16.8M square feet of GLA • IPO closed in 2014; raised $1.75B • Vertically integrated owner and operator of 76 shopping centers • Exclusively focused on grocery - anchored shopping centers since inception in 1991 • Asset management platform advises approximately $4.9B of grocery - anchored shopping center assets, including PECO I POST TRANSACTION: • Estimated $4.0B TEV internally managed REIT with exclusive focus on grocery - anchored shopping centers • 230 properties with 25.5M square feet of GLA located in 32 states • Third party asset management business with over $1.9B of AUM and annual revenues of approximately $25M from PECO II, PECO III, and Necessity Retail Partners, a JV between PECO II and TPG Real Estate • Projected accretion of 8 - 10% for pro forma FFO per s hare for Q1 2017 compared to standalone PECO I * • Estimated pro forma dividend coverage expected to exceed 100% (on a FFO/Total Dividends basis), up from 92% for standalone PECO I for Q1 2017 * • Internally managed REIT well positioned for capital market opportunities, including strategic liquidity alternatives Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I (PECO I) to acquire Phillips Edison Limited Partnership (PELP) All figures are as of 3/31/17 unless otherwise noted *Please see the appendix for reconciliation of non - GAAP measures 6






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	7 · TRANSACTION CONSIDERATION • Assets acquired include 76 real estate assets and 100% of PELP’s third - party asset management businesses • Transaction consideration excludes internalization fees 1 in accordance with PECO I’s advisory agreement with PELP • Earnout structure incentivizes future performance: – 5 million additional OP Units earned if a liquidity event is achieved by December 31, 2019 at a share value of $10.20 or greater – 8 million additional OP Units earned based on achievement of certain fundraising targets for PECO III – Total earnout subject to cap of 12.49 million OP Units • Equity - based consideration and earn - out aligns management with stockholders and preserves capital for future investments • Management is receiving no cash consideration – 100% of cash will be used to retire certain minority interests in PELP in order to preserve PECO I REIT status • Management will be PECO I’s largest stockholder, owning over 18 million OP Units and common shares 3 , with a long term view of increasing stockholder value, and will be subject to significant lock up periods • Transaction will be subject to stockholder vote, although not legally required TRANSACTION CONSIDERATION 45.2 million PECO I Issued OP Units 2 ($10.20/share) $461 M Debt Assumed/ Refinanced $501 M Cash Consideration $50 M TOTAL VALUE $1,012 M 1. Refers to the absence of any fee paid with respect to advisory services provided to PECO I from PELP 2. Includes 4.8 million Class B OP Units in PECO I Operating Partnership received as payment for asset management services 3. Includes phantom shares held by employees 7






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	8 · TRANSACTION CAPITAL STRUCTURE • Transaction to be immediately accretive: Estimated pro forma FFO per share for Q1 2017 is higher by approximately 8 - 10% relative to the performance of stand - alone PECO I * • Estimated pro forma dividend coverage expected to exceed 100% (on a FFO/Total Dividends basis ), up from 92% for standalone PECO I for Q1 2017 * • PECO I stockholders to own 80.2% and PELP stockholders to own 19.8% of the combined company (without giving effect to the earn - out) • Pro forma debt to total enterprise value of 41.4% PRO FORMA CAPITAL STRUCTURE (NON - GAAP) 183.3 M PECO I Existing Equity ($10.20/share) $1,870 M 45.2 M PELP Owned OP Units 1 ($10.20/share) $461 M PECO I Total Outstanding Debt 2 $1,144 M PELP Debt Assumed/Refinanced in Transaction 2 $501 M TOTAL ENTERPRISE VALUE $3,976 M 1. Includes 4.8 million Class B OP Units in PECO I Operating Partnership received as payment for asset management services 2. Represents principal amount of outstanding debt and includes estimated transaction costs of $20.0 million in total and $50.0 million of cash consideration 3. Assumes all forward starting swaps are effective 8 PRO FORMA DEBT METRICS ESTIMATED 3/31/2017 Fixed Rate / Floating Rate 87% / 13% Portfolio Weighted Average Interest Rate 3 3.45 to 3.65% Weighted Average Term with Options 4.8 to 5.3 years *Please see the appendix for reconciliation of non - GAAP measures






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	9 · 2016 FFO/Share: $0.58 Projected accretion of 8 - 10% on estimated pro forma FFO per share for Q1 2017 * SSNOI Growth (‘16 v ‘15): 3.2% REAL ESTATE • National platform focused from its inception in 1991 on grocery - anchored shopping centers • Owns and operates 76 shopping centers, in 25 states, totaling 8.7 million square feet • PECO I and PELP share 4 out of the top 5 grocers by % of ABR: • Highly complementary portfolios: OVERVIEW OF PELP Local 15.7% National & Regional 39.5% Grocery 44.8% Pro Forma GLA by Tenant Type Local 14.0% National & Regional 33.1% Grocery 52.9% PECO I GLA by Tenant Type Local 19.2% National & Regional 52.6% Grocery 28.2% PELP GLA by Tenant Type 9 *Please see the appendix for reconciliation of non - GAAP measures






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	10 · ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS • $4.8B of third - party assets under management as of December 31, 2016 • Consistent asset management fees from PECO I, PECO II, PECO III and Necessity Retail Partners, a value - added joint venture between PECO II and TPG Real Estate • Generates annual fee and management income of approximately $71 million • Sponsored 11 third party funds (high net worth, institutional and public non - traded REITs) since 2000 • Raised over $3.8 billion of equity capital • Generated strong investor returns: 5 of the 6 realized funds have achieved net IRRs in excess of 13% OVERVIEW OF PELP 10 1) Includes PECO I, PECO II, PECO III and Necessity Retail Partners and certain other third - party owned centers 2) Certain amounts of fee income have been normalized to the periods earned $839 $913 $1,002 $1,032 $1,271 $2,657 $3,063 $3,768 $4,759 2008 : $ 14.2 M 2016 : $ 70.9 M 10.0 30.0 50.0 70.0 90.0 110.0 130.0 150.0 170.0 190.0 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 $0 $500 $1,000 $1,500 $2,000 $2,500 $3,000 $3,500 $4,000 $4,500 $5,000 Total Invested Capital Fee Income Strong Growth in Third Party Assets Under Management 1,2 (in Millions) (Excluding PELP)






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	11 · COMBINATION OF COMPLEMENTARY PORTFOLIOS 11 PELP PECO I COMBINED Property Count 76 in 25 states 154 in 28 states 230 in 32 states Square Feet 8.7 million 16.8 million 25.5 million Leased Occupancy 90.0% 96.0% 93.9% % ABR from Grocers, National, and Regional Tenants 76% 79% 78% PELP PECO I COMBINED Tenant % of ABR # Tenant % of ABR # Tenant % of ABR # Top 3 Grocers by % of ABR Kroger 8.7% 14 Kroger 8.4% 38 Kroger 8.5% 52 Albertsons – Safeway 3.0% 5 Publix 7.4% 31 Publix 5.9% 33 Ahold Delhaize 2.9% 9 Albertsons – Safeway 4.3% 14 Albertsons – Safeway 4.0% 19 Top 3 Inline Tenants by % of ABR H&R Block 0.8% 18 Subway 0.8% 45 Subway 0.8% 62 Dollar Tree 0.8% 7 Wells Fargo Financial 0.7% 14 Anytime Fitness 0.6% 26 Hibbett Sports 0.8% 11 Anytime Fitness 0.6% 18 H&R Block 0.6% 50






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	12 · AUGUST JULY PROJECTED TIMELINE May 2017 • Executed Contribution Agreement July 2017 • Proxy mailed to stockholders September 2017 • Stockholder vote • Receipt of required non recourse debt consents Q4 2017 • Transaction expected to close MAY JUNE SEPTEMBER Q4 2017 12






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	13 · KEY TAKEAWAYS • The result of this transaction will be the largest internally managed REIT exclusively focused on grocery - anchored properties • Expected to be immediately accretive to FFO per share • Estimated pro forma dividend coverage expected to exceed 100% • Strengthens balance sheet • Increases future earnings growth potential • Drives cost synergies realized through internal management • Improved valuation potential with increased earnings, scale and internalized manager • Transaction consideration does not include internalization fees 1 and management receives no cash consideration • Asset management fees provide consistent, predictable income through market cycles • Equity - based transaction enhances REIT I’s capital position and better aligns management with the stockholders • PECO I management is the REIT’s largest equity owner and will own over 18 million share equivalents (excluding earn - out) • Managed portfolios provide embedded acquisition pipeline with increased opportunities for growth 13 1. Refers to the absence of any fee paid with respect to advisory services provided to PECO I from PELP






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	14 · GOAL: TO PROVIDE LIQUIDITY FOR PECO I SHAREHOLDERS • Exclusive focus on grocery - anchored shopping centers: the most attractive space in shopping center real estate • Integrated veteran management team vested in the success of PECO I through a meaningful ownership stake • $4 billion TEV combined company with expected higher earnings per share and well positioned for future growth • Appropriately leveraged balance sheet All positive steps toward a liquidity event for PECO I shareholders 14






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	For more information please contact: • Phillips Edison & Company: Michael Koehler, Director of Investor Relations InvestorRelations@PhillipsEdison.com (513) 338 - 2743 15






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	16 · Funds from Operations Funds from operations (“FFO”) is a non - GAAP performance financial measure that is widely recognized as a measure of REIT operati ng performance. We use FFO as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) to be net income (loss), computed in accor dan ce with GAAP, adjusted for gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate property (including deemed sales and settlements of pre - existing relationships ), plus depreciation and amortization on real estate assets and impairment charges, and after related adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures, and noncontrolling interests. We believe that FFO is helpful to our investors and our management as a measure of operating performance because, when compared year to yea r, it reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities, general and administrative exp enses, and interest costs, which are not immediately apparent from net income . FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations under GAAP, nor as an indication of our liquidity, nor is this measure indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, includ ing our ability to fund distributions, Accordingly, FFO should be reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements. FFO should not be viewed as more prominent me asu res of performance than our net income or cash flows from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our FFO, as presented, may not be comparable t o a mounts calculated by other REITs. Pro Forma Funds from Operations – FFO for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, pro forma for the transaction, is not reasonably reconcilable to net income at this time as purchase accounting and other non - cash transaction adjustments have not yet been completed. The following section presents our calculation of FFO and provides additional information related to our operations (in thousands ): RECONCILIATION OF NON - GAAP FINANCIALS 16






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	17 · 17 Same - Center Net Operating Income We present Same - Center NOI as a supplemental measure of our performance. We define NOI as total operating revenues, adjusted to exc lude lease buy - out income and non - cash revenue items, less property operating expenses and real estate taxes. Same - Center NOI represents the NOI for the 1 32 properties for PECO I and 71 for PELP that were owned and operational for the entire portion of both comparable reporting periods, except for those proper tie s we currently classify as redevelopment. A property is removed from the Same - Center pool and classified as redevelopment when it is being repositioned in the market and such repositioning is expected to have a significant impact on property operating income. While there is judgment surrounding chan ges in designations, once a redevelopment property has stabilized, it is typically moved to the Same - Center pool the following year. Currently, we have iden tified five properties that we classify as redevelopment properties. We believe that NOI and Same - Center NOI provide useful information to our investors about our financial and operating performanc e because each provides a performance measure of the revenues and expenses directly involved in owning and operating real estate assets and provides a per spective not immediately apparent from net income. Because Same - Center NOI excludes the change in NOI from properties acquired after December 31, 2014, and those considered redevelopment properties, it highlights operating trends such as occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating costs on properties that wer e o perational for both comparable periods. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating Same - Center NOI, and accordingly, our Same - Center NOI may not be com parable to other REITs. Same - Center NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it does not reflect the operat ions of our entire portfolio, nor does it reflect the impact of general and administrative expenses, acquisition expenses, depreciation and amortization, inter est expense, other income, or the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties that could materiall y i mpact our results from operations. RECONCILIATION OF NON - GAAP FINANCIALS






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	18 · 18 RECONCILIATION OF NON - GAAP FINANCIALS






	 






	 









Phillips Edison Grocery Ctr Reit I Inc 8-K May. 22, 2017  5:16 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Phillips Edison Grocery Ctr Reit I Inc (PHLD)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 22, 2017  5:16 PM|About: Phillips Edison Grocery Ctr Reit I Inc (PHLD)View as PDF

 PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT I, INC. (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/22/2017 17:19:48) 













	 






	 





	UNITED STATES









	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 







	 


	FORM 8-K


	 












	 




	CURRENT REPORT




	 





	Pursuant to
	Section 13 or 15(d) of






	The Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934




	 



	Date of Report
	(Date of earliest event reported): May 18, 2017






	 





	PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT I, INC.




	(Exact name of
	registrant specified in its charter)







	 









	Maryland






	000-54691






	27-1106076








	(State
	or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation
	or organization)





	(Commission
	File Number)





	IRS Employer




	Identification
	No.







	 




	11501 Northlake
	Drive




	Cincinnati, Ohio
	45249




	(Address of principal
	executive offices)




	 




	Registrant’s
	telephone number, including area code: (513) 554-1110





	 



	Check the appropriate box below
	if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
	provisions:




	☐ 	Written communications
	pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)



	☒

	  Soliciting
	material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)



	☐

		 	Pre-commencement
	communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




	☐ 		Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))



	 








	 





	 











	 









	 








	 










	Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure






	 





	On May 18, 2017, Phillips Edison
	Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a definitive contribution agreement (the “Contribution
	Agreement”) to acquire real estate assets and the third party asset management business of its sponsor, Phillips Edison
	Limited Partnership (“PELP”), in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately $1 billion, subject to closing
	adjustments. In connection with entry into the Contribution Agreement, certain investor communications were prepared and are filed
	herewith.




	 




	The Company prepared a script to accompany an investor
	presentation regarding the Contribution Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
	The related presentation was filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2017.




	 




	The Company prepared an additional presentation regarding
	the Contribution Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.




	 





	Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
	Statements:





	 




	Certain statements contained in this
	Current Report on Form 8-K may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act,
	and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including statements regarding
	the transaction and the ability to consummate the transaction and anticipated accretion, dividend coverage, dividends and other
	anticipated benefits of the transaction. The Company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe
	harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
	Act, as applicable. Such statements include, in particular, statements about the Company’s plans, strategies, and prospects
	and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ
	materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of the Company’s
	performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology
	such as “pro forma,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,”
	“expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,”
	or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
	as of the date of this release. The Company makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) about the accuracy of any
	such forward-looking statements contained in this release, and does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to publicly update
	or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.



	 






	 









	 








	 






	Additional
	Information and Where to Find It:






	 





	This communication
	does not constitute a solicitation of materials of any vote or approval in respect of the proposed transaction involving the Company
	or otherwise. In connection with the proposed merger, a stockholder meeting will be announced soon to obtain stockholder approval.
	In connection with the proposed transaction, the Company intends to file relevant materials, including a proxy statement, with
	the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company’s stockholders are urged to read the definitive
	proxy statement and other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about
	the Company and the proposed transaction. The proxy statement and other relevant materials (when they become available), and any
	other documents filed by the Company with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at

	www.sec.gov

	at the Company’s website at

	www.grocerycenterREIT1.com

	or by sending a written request to the Company at 11501
	Northlake Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45249, Attention: Investor Relations.




	 





	Participants
	in the Solicitation






	 





	The Company and its directors, executive
	officers and certain other members of management may be deemed to be participants in soliciting proxies from the Company’s
	stockholders in favor of the proposed merger. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered
	to be participants in the solicitation of the Company’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction and their
	ownership of the Company’s common stock will be set forth in the proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders.
	Investors can find more information about the Company’s executive officers and directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K
	for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.






	 









	Item 9.01. Financial
	Statements and Exhibits.





	 





	(d) Exhibits.






	 








	Exhibit No.






	 






	Description









	99.1




	 




	Presentation Script






	99.2




	 




	Presentation










	 






	 









	 






	 




	SIGNATURES




	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
	the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.






	 



	PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT I, INC





	 


	 




	 


	 




	Dated: May 22, 2017


	By: 


	/s/ R. Mark Addy




	 


	 


	R. Mark Addy

	President and Chief Operating Officer





	 








	 









	 








	 









	EXHIBIT INDEX


	 



	 








	Exhibit No.






	 






	Description









	99.1




	 





	Presentation Script







	99.2




	 





	Presentation








	 






	 






	 












	 





	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I 8-K



	Exhibit 99.1


	 


	REIT ONE INVESTOR CALL SCRIPT 5.22.2017


	 


	To be posted to Phillips Edison and PECO REIT I websites
	on Monday, May 22 2017 at 3:00 p.m. Eastern time.


	 




	MARK


	 


	Hello and good afternoon everyone. I am Mark Addy, President
	and Chief Operating Officer of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT One. Thank you for joining us on today’s webinar to discuss
	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT One’s proposed acquisition of Phillips Edison Limited Partnership.


	 




	Before we begin, I would like to remind you that statements
	made during this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer
	to

	SLIDES 2 and 3

	for additional disclosure and direction on where you can find more information regarding potential risks.
	In addition, we will also refer today to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including funds from operations, or F-F-O, and Same
	Store Net Operating Income, or S-S-N-O-I. Further information regarding our use of these measures and reconciliations of these
	measures to our GAAP results are available in our SEC Filings, as well as the end of this presentation.


	 




	For more information, please refer to the form 8-K which
	will be filed with the SEC today, which identifies important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those
	contained in the forward-looking statements.


	 




	Also, please note that during this call we will be referring
	to Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT One, as “PECO ONE” and we will be referring to Phillips Edison Limited Partnership
	as “PELP.”


	 





	SLIDE 4

	outlines today’s agenda. We will
	start with a review of the transaction, then move to an overview of PELP, then speak to the pro forma combined company, and finally
	I will address how all of this impacts our liquidity.


	 




	Turning to

	SLIDE 5,

	on May 19, 2017, PECO ONE
	announced that it entered into a definitive contribution agreement to acquire the real estate assets and the asset management business
	of its sponsor and external advisor, PELP, in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately $1 billion. This strategic acquisition
	will result in the largest internally-managed, non-traded grocery-anchored shopping center REIT in the U.S.


	 




	PELP was founded in 1991, and since its inception, has
	been focused on grocery-anchored shopping centers. Currently there are two major parts to PELP’s business – one part
	owns shopping centers, and the other provides real estate asset management services to PELP’s wholly owned properties as
	well as to a number of third parties, including PECO ONE. A snapshot of the company is provided on Slide 5.


	 




	When the transaction is complete, as you will see on

	SLIDE 6,

	PECO ONE will own 230 shopping centers, and also own an asset manager which will provide services to PECO ONE’s
	wholly owned properties, as well as additional third party properties.


	 





	SLIDE 7

	, provides some details on the two entities
	before the merger. PECO I is currently an externally managed non-traded REIT with estimated $3.0 billion total enterprise value.
	It owns 154 shopping centers with 16.8 million square feet of gross leasable area. It’s IPO closed in 2014; raising $1.75B.


	 




	PELP is a vertically integrated owner and operator of
	76 shopping centers that has been exclusively focused on grocery-anchored shopping centers since inception in 1991. PELP also has
	an asset management platform which advises approximately $4.9B of grocery-anchored shopping center assets, including PECO ONE.


	 




	As you will see on

	SLIDE 8

	, the resulting company
	will have a total enterprise value of approximately $4.0 billion, and will be exclusively focused on grocery-anchored shopping
	centers – just like we are in PECO ONE.


	 




	The combined company will own a high-quality, nationally-diversified
	portfolio of 230 shopping centers located in 32 states, with over 25.5 million square feet of Gross Leasable Area, or G-L-A.


	 








	 









	 






	 


	 


	Additionally, we are acquiring PELP’s asset management
	business, which manages over $1.9 billion of third party real estate and which generates annual revenue of approximately $25 million.


	 




	The transaction, which is expected to close during the
	fourth quarter of 2017, will provide for meaningful synergies including:


	 






	•


	A projected accretion of 8 to 10 percent for pro forma F-F-O, per share for the first quarter of 2017 compared to standalone
	PECO ONE for the same period






	 






	•


	Secondly, our estimated pro forma dividend coverage is expected to exceed 100 percent on an F-F-O to total dividends basis,
	which would be up from 92 percent for standalone PECO ONE for the first quarter of 2017




	  






	•


	Importantly, now that we will be an internally managed REIT, we will be much better positioned for capital market opportunities,
	which include a potential future liquidity event




	 


	Now, turning to

	SLIDE 9.

	In exchange for PELP’s
	76 shopping centers and asset management business, PELP will receive approximately 45.2 million operating partnership units, or
	“O-P units”, in PECO ONE’s operating partnership, Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership One, L.P.,
	as well as $50.0 million in cash. Additionally, PECO ONE will assume or refinance $501 million of PELP’s debt. This brings
	the total value of the transaction to approximately $1.0 billion.


	 




	It is important to note, that this transaction does not
	include any internalization fees, meaning that no fees will be paid in respect of ongoing management advisory services provided
	by PELP to PECO ONE. Additionally, PECO ONE’s management is NOT receiving ANY cash consideration

	.

	In fact, 100 percent
	of the cash will be used to retire certain minority partnership interests in order to ensure that the combined company maintains
	its qualification as a REIT.


	 




	In addition to the equity consideration due at the closing
	of the transaction, there are two major performance-based earn-outs, which incentivize future action and performance.


	 




	The first earn-out, which can potentially be valued at
	5 million additional OP Units, will be earned if a liquidity event for PECO ONE is achieved.


	 




	The second earn-out, which can potentially be valued
	at 8 million additional OP Units, can be earned based on achievement of certain fundraising targets for PECO THREE, which we believe
	will be assisted, to a degree, by a successful liquidity event.


	 




	Post transaction, company management will own 18 million
	units of the combined company, before any earn-outs, and will be PECO ONE’s largest equity holder. Once the transaction closes,
	management will be subject to a significant lock-up period.


	 




	As you can see, this equity-based consideration aligns
	management with stockholders and preserves capital for future investments.


	 




	Although a stockholder vote is not required for this
	transaction, we do intend to receive stockholder approval before proceeding with the transaction. It is our goal to provide our
	investors with the appropriate approval opportunity and transparency around this transaction. As such, more information will be
	provided to you via a definitive proxy statement which we expect to be mailed to you, as well as filed with the SEC, during July.


	 




	The board of directors of the company has recommended
	that you to vote in favor of the transaction and believe it is in the best interest of the company.


	 







	2

	 









	 






	 




	Now, let’s turn to

	SLIDE 10

	, As I touched
	on earlier, one of the main benefits to this transaction is that it is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings. Again,
	we expect an accretion of 8 to 10 percent for pro forma F-F-O per share for the first quarter of 2017 compared to standalone PECO
	ONE for the same period.


	 




	Our estimated pro forma dividend coverage is expected
	to exceed 100 percent on an F-F-O to total dividends basis, which is up from 92 percent for standalone PECO I for the first quarter
	of 2017.


	 




	Upon the closing of the transaction, we expect there
	to be 183.3 million equity shares of PECO ONE common stock and 45.2 million PELP-Owned, PECO ONE O-P Units outstanding. Both the
	common stock and the O-P Units are valued at $10.20 per share.


	 




	PECO ONE stockholders are expected to own 80.2 percent
	of the combined company, and PELP stockholders are expected to own 19.8 percent of the combined company.


	 




	Additionally, the combined company will have a total
	debt of $1.6 billion, which includes PECO ONE’s $1.1 billion of debt, and PELP’s $501 million of debt which will be
	assumed and or refinanced in this transaction.


	 




	This will result in a company with a total enterprise
	value of approximately $4.0 billion.


	 




	We anticipate our leverage on a Debt to Total Enterprise
	Value basis, will be approximately 41.2 percent, which is a figure we are comfortable with.


	 




	Of the outstanding debt, 87 percent will be fixed rate
	debt, and 13 percent will be floating rate debt. The weighted average interested rate will fall between 3.45 percent and 3.65 percent
	with a weighted average term that includes options of 4.8 to 5.3 years.


	 




	Now, I would like to provide you some details on the
	real estate which we are acquiring from PELP on

	SLIDE 11

	.


	 




	PECO ONE is acquiring 76 retail shopping centers, in
	25 states, which total 8.7 million square feet. These shopping centers are highly complementary to the shopping centers that we
	own in PECO ONE, as they have a similar anchor lineup, a high level of exposure to national and regional tenants, and a preference
	for necessity based service providers, like grocers. These properties have demonstrated a stable, growing cash flow profile over
	the company’s history.


	 




	Further, PELP and PECO ONE share four out of five top
	grocers by ABR – these include Kroger, Safeway/Albertsons, Ahold Delhaize, and Giant Eagle.


	 




	The resulting company’s G-L-A profile will be over
	44 percent grocery anchored, and its overall portfolio will benefit from a strong mix of national and regional tenants.


	 




	As we have mentioned, the resulting combined company
	is expected to see an estimated increase in its pro forma F-F-O per share of approximately 8 to 10 percent for the first quarter
	of 2017 compared to standalone PECO ONE for the same period.


	 




	Turning to

	SLIDE 12,

	PELP has a total of $4.8B
	of real estate assets under management, as of December 31, 2016.


	 




	These assets generate regular fees for PELP, which totaled
	approximately $71 million for 2016. This consistent asset management fee stream is generated from our non-traded REITs and Necessity
	Retail Partners, a value-added joint venture between Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT Two and TPG Real Estate.


	 


	 







	3

	 









	 






	 


	Further, PELP has sponsored 11 third party funds since
	2000 which have raised over $3.8 billion of equity capital from a variety of sources including high net worth investors, institutional
	investors and public non-traded REITs.


	 




	The chart below illustrates the growth in both PELP’s
	total real estate assets under management as well as its fee stream. Back in 2008, PELP had approximately $839 million of assets
	under management, and generated annual fee income of approximately $14 million. Since then, PELP has grown significantly, and now
	has approximately $4.8 billion of assets and generates annual fee income of over $71 million.


	 





	SLIDE 13

	provides a quick snapshot of the pro
	forma real estate portfolio. The combined company will own a high-quality, nationally-diversified portfolio of 230 shopping centers
	located in 32 states totaling over 25.5 million square feet. These properties have a leased occupancy of 93.9 percent and generate
	78 percent of their A-B-R from Grocers, National tenants, and Regional tenants.


	 




	Additionally, the top three anchor tenants of the combined
	company are all grocers – Kroger, Publix, and Albertsons – Safeway. These three tenants combine for approximately 18
	percent of our total A-B-R and account for 106 stores.


	 




	Turning to

	SLIDE 14,

	for the next step in this
	transaction a proxy statement will be mailed to you, which we expect to occur in July. This statement will include detailed pro
	forma financials on the combined company, as well as the proxy, which will allow you to submit your vote to approve this transaction.
	Assuming we get approval and receive the necessary debt consents during September, the transaction is expected to close during
	the fourth quarter of 2017.


	 




	Turning to

	SLIDE 15,

	in summary, we believe the
	strategic acquisition of PELP will create the largest internally-managed, grocery-anchored shopping center REIT.


	 




	This transaction includes a number of benefits which
	are as follows:


	 









	•



	It is expected to be immediately accretive to F-F-O per share and is expected to improve our dividend coverage




	 







	•



	It will strengthen our balance sheet and increase our future earnings growth potential




	 







	•



	Cost synergies will be realized through our internal management structure; and




	 







	•



	It will improve our valuation potential with our increased earnings, larger scale and internalized manager




	 




	Now, on

	SLIDE 16



	 









	•



	The transaction does not have internalization fees, meaning that no fees will be paid in respect of ongoing management advisory
	services provided by PELP to PECO ONE




	 







	•



	The asset management fees will provide consistent, predictable income through market cycles




	 







	•



	Equity-based transaction enhances REIT I’s capital position and better aligns management with the shareholders




	 







	•



	Management will own over 18 million shares of the combined company excluding the earn-out and will be the biggest shareholder
	of REIT ONE; and




	 







	•



	And our managed portfolios provide an embedded acquisition pipeline with increased opportunities for growth




	 




	Turning to

	SLIDE 17,

	our goal is to provide liquidity
	to our stockholders, and we believe this transaction is a major step toward that event. We remain one of the only public REITs
	that has an exclusive focus on grocery-anchored shopping centers, which we believe is the most attractive space in shopping center
	real estate. The transaction clearly reflects that our integrated veteran management team is vested in the success of PECO ONE.
	This is a very positive step toward a liquidity event for PECO I stockholders.


	 




	And as a reminder, it remains our intention to begin
	the process of achieving a Liquidity Event not later than three to five years after the termination of our primary offering, which
	was in February 2014.


	 









	4

	 









	 






	 


	We encourage you to read the press release that was issued
	today, as well as the related S-E-C filings, which are both available on our website, grocery center REIT numeral 1 .com.


	 




	If you have further questions, we encourage you to reach
	out to our investor relations team by emailing INVESTORRELATIONS@PHILLIPSEDISON .COM or calling the phone number on

	SLIDE 18.



	 




	Thank you very much for joining us on today’s webinar
	– this concludes our presentation.


	 







	5

	 


















	 





	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I 8-K



	Exhibit 99.2


Click to enlarge


	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I to Acquire Phillips Edison Limited Partnership May 2017






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	2 · FORWARD - LOOKING STATEMENT DISCLOSURE Certain statements contained in this press release may be considered forward - looking statements within the meaning of Section 27 A of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including statements regarding the transaction and the ability to consummate the transaction and anticipated dividends . We intend for all such forward - looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward - looking statements contained in Section 27 A of the Securities Act and Section 21 E of the Exchange Act, as applicable . Such statements include, in particular, statements about PECO I’s plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated . Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of PECO I’s performance in future periods . Such forward - looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward - looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” or other similar words . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward - looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release . PECO I makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward - looking statements contained in this release, and does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise . 2






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	3 · INFORMATION DISCLOSURE Additional Information About the Transaction and Where to Find It This communication does not constitute a solicitation of materials of any vote or approval in respect of the proposed transac tio n involving PECO I or otherwise. In connection with the proposed transaction, a stockholder meeting will be announced soon to obtain stockholder approval. In connection with the proposed transaction, PECO I intends to file relevant materials, includi ng a proxy statement, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Investors and security holders of PECO I are urged to read the definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain importa nt information about PECO I and the proposed transaction. The proxy statement and other relevant materials (when they become available), and any other documents filed by PECO I with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov , at PECO I’s website at www.grocerycenterREIT1.com or by sending a written request to the Company at 11501 Northlake Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45249, Attention: Investor Relations. Participants in the Solicitation PECO I and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in soliciting proxies from the stockholders of PECO I in favor of the proposed transaction. Information regardin g t he persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered to be participants in the solicitation of PECO I’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction and their ownership of PECO I’s common stock will be set forth in the proxy statemen t for its stockholder meeting. Investors can find more information about PECO I’s executive officers and directors in its Annu al Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on June 28, 2016. 3






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	4 · TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 1 The Transaction Page 5 Section II The Portfolio Page 16 Section III Why Grocery? Page 25 Section IV The Platform Page 39 Phillips Edison represents the unique opportunity to invest in what is becoming the most attractive space within shopping center real estate 4






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY | 5 The Transaction






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	6 · Phillips Edison Limited Partnership Real Estate 76 Shopping Centers 1 Necessity Retail Partners (20% Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Property Count as of 3/31/2017 PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. 154 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Pre Transaction Post Transaction Real Estate 230 Shopping Centers 6 Asset Manager Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital Asset Manager 1 ) Excludes certain assets not included in the transaction Necessity Retail Partners (20% Interest) 12 Shopping Centers






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	7 · DETAILS: PECO I TO ACQUIRE PELP PECO I PELP • Externally managed non - traded REIT with estimated $3.0B TEV • 154 shopping centers with 16.8M square feet of GLA • IPO closed in 2014; raised $1.75B • Vertically integrated owner and operator of 76 shopping centers • Exclusively focused on grocery - anchored shopping centers since inception in 1991 • Asset management platform advises approximately $4.9B of grocery - anchored shopping center assets, including PECO I POST TRANSACTION: • Estimated $4.0B TEV internally managed REIT with exclusive focus on grocery - anchored shopping centers • 230 properties with 25.5M square feet of GLA located in 32 states • Third party asset management business with over $1.9B of AUM and annual revenues of approximately $25M from PECO II, PECO III, and Necessity Retail Partners, a JV between PECO II and TPG Real Estate • Projected accretion of 8 - 10% for pro forma FFO per s hare for Q1 2017 compared to standalone PECO I * • Estimated pro forma dividend coverage expected to exceed 100% (on a FFO/Total Dividends basis), up from 92% for standalone PECO I for Q1 2017 * • Internally managed REIT well positioned for capital market opportunities, including strategic liquidity alternatives Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I (PECO I) to acquire Phillips Edison Limited Partnership (PELP) All figures are as of 3/31/17 unless otherwise noted *Please see the appendix for reconciliation of non - GAAP measures 7






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	8 · TRANSACTION CONSIDERATION • Assets acquired include 76 real estate assets and 100% of PELP’s third - party asset management businesses • Transaction consideration excludes internalization fees 1 in accordance with PECO I’s advisory agreement with PELP • Earnout structure incentivizes future performance: – 5 million additional OP Units earned if a liquidity event is achieved by December 31, 2019 at a share value of $10.20 or greater – 8 million additional OP Units earned based on achievement of certain fundraising targets for PECO III – Total earnout subject to cap of 12.49 million OP Units • Equity - based consideration and earn - out aligns management with stockholders and preserves capital for future investments • Management is receiving no cash consideration – 100% of cash will be used to retire certain minority interests in PELP in order to preserve PECO I REIT status • Management will be PECO I’s largest stockholder, owning over 18 million OP Units and common shares 3 , with a long term view of increasing stockholder value, and will be subject to significant lock up periods • Transaction will be subject to stockholder vote, although not legally required TRANSACTION CONSIDERATION 45.2 million PECO I Issued OP Units 2 ($10.20/share) $461 M Debt Assumed/ Refinanced $501 M Cash Consideration $50 M TOTAL VALUE $1,012 M 1. Refers to the absence of any fee paid with respect to ongoing management advisory services provided to PECO I from PELP 2. Includes 4.8 million Class B OP Units in PECO I Operating Partnership received as payment for asset management services 3. Includes phantom shares held by employees 8






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	9 · TRANSACTION CAPITAL STRUCTURE • Transaction to be immediately accretive: Estimated pro forma FFO per share for Q1 2017 is higher by approximately 8 - 10% relative to the performance of stand - alone PECO I * • Estimated pro forma dividend coverage expected to exceed 100% (on a FFO/Total Dividends basis), up from 92% for standalone PECO I for Q1 2017 * • PECO I stockholders to own 80.2% and PELP stockholders to own 19.8% of the combined company (without giving effect to the earn - out) • Pro forma debt to total enterprise value of 41.4% PRO FORMA CAPITAL STRUCTURE (NON - GAAP) 183.3 M PECO I Existing Equity ($10.20/share) $1,870 M 45.2 M PELP Owned OP Units 1 ($10.20/share) $461 M PECO I Total Outstanding Debt 2 $1,144 M PELP Debt Assumed/Refinanced in Transaction 2 $501 M TOTAL ENTERPRISE VALUE $3,976 M 1. Includes 4.8 million Class B OP Units in PECO I Operating Partnership received as payment for asset management services 2. Represents principal amount of outstanding debt and includes estimated transaction costs of $20.0 million in total and $50.0 mil lion of cash consideration 3. Assumes all forward starting swaps are effective 9 PRO FORMA DEBT METRICS ESTIMATED 3/31/2017 Fixed Rate / Floating Rate 87% / 13% Portfolio Weighted Average Interest Rate 3 3.45 to 3.65% Weighted Average Term with Options 4.8 to 5.3 years *Please see the appendix for reconciliation of non - GAAP measures






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	10 · 2016 FFO/Share: $0.58 Projected accretion of 8 - 10% on estimated pro forma FFO per share for Q1 2017 * SSNOI Growth (‘16 v ‘15): 3.2% REAL ESTATE • National platform focused from its inception in 1991 on grocery - anchored shopping centers • Owns and operates 76 shopping centers, in 25 states, totaling 8.7 million square feet • PECO I and PELP share 4 out of the top 5 grocers by % of ABR: • Highly complementary portfolios: OVERVIEW OF PELP Local 15.7% National & Regional 39.5% Grocery 44.8% Pro Forma GLA by Tenant Type Local 14.0% National & Regional 33.1% Grocery 52.9% PECO I GLA by Tenant Type Local 19.2% National & Regional 52.6% Grocery 28.2% PELP GLA by Tenant Type 10 *Please see the appendix for reconciliation of non - GAAP measures






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	11 · ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS • $4.8B of third - party assets under management as of December 31, 2016 • Consistent asset management fees from PECO I, PECO II, PECO III and Necessity Retail Partners, a value - added joint venture between PECO II and TPG Real Estate • Generates annual fee and management income of approximately $71 million • Sponsored 11 third party funds (high net worth, institutional and public non - traded REITs) since 2000 • Raised over $3.8 billion of equity capital • Generated strong investor returns: 5 of the 6 realized funds have achieved net IRRs in excess of 13% OVERVIEW OF PELP 11 1) Includes PECO I, PECO II, PECO III and Necessity Retail Partners and certain other third - party owned centers 2) Certain amounts of fee income have been normalized to the periods earned $839 $913 $1,002 $1,032 $1,271 $2,657 $3,063 $3,768 $4,759 2008 : $ 14.2 M 2016 : $ 70.9 M 10.0 30.0 50.0 70.0 90.0 110.0 130.0 150.0 170.0 190.0 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 $0 $500 $1,000 $1,500 $2,000 $2,500 $3,000 $3,500 $4,000 $4,500 $5,000 Total Invested Capital Fee Income Strong Growth in Third Party Assets Under Management 1,2 (in Millions) (Excluding PELP)






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	12 · COMBINATION OF COMPLEMENTARY PORTFOLIOS 12 PELP PECO I COMBINED Property Count 76 in 25 states 154 in 28 states 230 in 32 states Square Feet 8.7 million 16.8 million 25.5 million Leased Occupancy 90.0% 96.0% 93.9% % ABR from Grocers, National, and Regional Tenants 76% 79% 78% PELP PECO I COMBINED Tenant % of ABR # Tenant % of ABR # Tenant % of ABR # Top 3 Grocers by % of ABR Kroger 8.7% 14 Kroger 8.4% 38 Kroger 8.5% 52 Albertsons – Safeway 3.0% 5 Publix 7.4% 31 Publix 5.9% 33 Ahold Delhaize 2.9% 9 Albertsons – Safeway 4.3% 14 Albertsons – Safeway 4.0% 19 Top 3 Inline Tenants by % of ABR H&R Block 0.8% 18 Subway 0.8% 45 Subway 0.8% 62 Dollar Tree 0.8% 7 Wells Fargo Financial 0.7% 14 Anytime Fitness 0.6% 26 Hibbett Sports 0.8% 11 Anytime Fitness 0.6% 18 H&R Block 0.6% 50






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	13 · AUGUST JULY PROJECTED TIMELINE May 2017 • Executed Contribution Agreement July 2017 • Proxy mailed to stockholders September 2017 • Stockholder vote • Receipt of required non recourse debt consents Q4 2017 • Transaction expected to close MAY JUNE SEPTEMBER Q4 2017 13






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	14 · KEY TAKEAWAYS • The result of this transaction will be the largest internally managed REIT exclusively focused on grocery - anchored properties • Expected to be immediately accretive to FFO per share • Estimated pro forma dividend coverage expected to exceed 100% • Strengthens balance sheet • Increases future earnings growth potential • Drives cost synergies realized through internal management • Improved valuation potential with increased earnings, scale and internalized manager • Transaction consideration does not include internalization fees 1 and management receives no cash consideration • Asset management fees provide consistent, predictable income through market cycles • Equity - based transaction enhances REIT I’s capital position and better aligns management with the stockholders • PECO I management is the REIT’s largest equity owner and will own over 18 million share equivalents (excluding earn - out) • Managed portfolios provide embedded acquisition pipeline with increased opportunities for growth 14 1. Refers to the absence of any fee paid with respect to ongoing management advisory services provided to PECO I from PELP






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	15 · GOAL: TO PROVIDE LIQUIDITY FOR PECO I STOCKHOLDERS • Exclusive focus on grocery - anchored shopping centers: the most attractive space in shopping center real estate • Integrated veteran management team vested in the success of PECO I through a meaningful ownership stake • $4 billion TEV combined company with expected higher earnings per share and well positioned for future growth • Appropriately leveraged balance sheet All positive steps toward a liquidity event for PECO I stockholders 15






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY | 16 The Portfolio






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	17 · Property Count As of 3/31/2017 PRO FORMA PECO I Post Transaction Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Real Estate 230 Shopping Centers Asset Manager Necessity Retail Partners (20% Interest) 12 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 78 Shopping Centers Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. Currently Raising Capital 17






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	18 · PRO FORMA PHILLIPS EDISON HAS A NATIONAL FOOTPRINT Diversified National Presence 346 properties under management across 33 states 1 Pro forma PECO I All Assets Under Management Pro forma PECO I Owned Only ​FL 8% ​OH 7% ​GA 7% ​IL 4% ​TX 3% ​CA 3% ​MA 3% ​VA 3% ​NC 2% ​Other 60%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   18 ( 1 ) AS OF 3/31/2017






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	19 · PURE - PLAY GROCERY - ANCHORED PORTFOLIO RELATIVE TO PEERS 91 % 74 % 69 % 45 % 40 % 31 % 28 % 23 % 21 % 16 % 16 % 10 % 22 % 21 % 44 % 49 % 54 % 12 % 47 % 46 % 52 % 63 % 78 % 9 % 4 % 10 % 11 % 11 % 15 % 60 % 30 % 33 % 32 % 21 % 12 % PF PECO I ROIC REG WRI BRX KIM AKR FRT UE RPAI AAT DDR Grocery-Anchored Power Center Other Sources: Green Street Advisors and Company filings Note: Peer breakdown by total asset value as of FYE 2016. ¹ Defined as a shopping center with 3 or more big box tenants and only a limited amount of space dedicated to smaller tenants . 1 19






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	20 · PRO FORMA PECO I PORTFOLIO DETAILS Notes: Portfolio data as of 3/31/2017; All other financial data pro forma is as of 3/31/2017 Portfolio Highlights Financial Stats Total Assets (count) 230 Total GLA 25.5 Median Income - 3 mile (000s) $55,641 Population - 3 mile (000s) 58,024 Anchor Term (yrs) 4.8 Total Occupancy 93.9% Anchor Occupancy 97.8% Inline Occupancy 86.2% Total ABR / SF $11.02 Anchor ABR / SF $8.40 Inline ABR / SF $16.94 Grocery 37% Retail Stores 26% Services 23% Restaurant 14% % ABR BY INDUSTRY National & Regional 41% Local 22% Grocery 37% % ABR BY TENANT TYPE 20 Financial Stats Fully Diluted Share Count 228.5 NAV / Share $10.20 Total Debt $1,645.0 Total Enterprise Value $3,975.7 Credit Information 2017 Q1 Debt / TEV 41.4%






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	21 · INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRACK RECORD OF CAPITAL RAISED History of building deep relationships, representing a broad spectrum of equity capital sources throughout all cycles - $3.9 Billion in total High Net Worth LP’s $200 Million Institutional LP’s $695 Million Public REITs $3.0 Billion 2000: Fund I $20 M 2002: Fund II $57 M 2007: SIF1 $65 M 2011: SIF II $57 M 2005: Fund III $275 M 2008: Fund IV $120 M 2011: CBRE JV $50 M 2016: TPG JV $250 M 2010: REIT I $1.8 B 2014: REIT II $1.2 B 2016: REIT III $1.5 B 2 NOTES: (1) FOR PURPOSES OF PERFORMANCE FIGURES AND THE INFORMATION ABOVE, “FUND” MEANS PHILLIPS EDISON STRATEGIC INVESTMENT FUND LLC (“ SIF I”), PHILLIPS EDISON STRATEGIC INVESTMENT FUND II LLC (“SIF II”), PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY SHOPPING CENTER OPPORTUNITY FUND LLC (“FUND I”), PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY SHO PPING CENTER OPPORTUNITY FUND II LLC (“FUND II”), PHILLIPS EDISON SHOPPING CENTER FUND III LP (“FUND III”) OR PHILLIPS EDISON SHOPPING CENTER FUND IV LP (“FUND IV”), AS APPLIC ABL E. (2) CURRENTLY IN OFFERING – REPRESENTS TARGET EQUITY RAISE TRACK RECORD OF VALUE CREATION: STRONG PERFORMANCE IN 6 OUT OF 7 CLOSED - END, CO - MINGLED FUNDS 21






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	22 · INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT - TRACK RECORD OF VALUE CREATION (1) For purposes of performance figures and the information above, “Fund” means Phillips Edison Strategic Investment Fund LLC (“S IF I”), Phillips Edison Strategic Investment Fund II LLC (“SIF II”), Phillips Edison & Company Shopping Center Opportunity Fund LLC (“Fund I”), Phillips Edison & Company Shopp ing Center Opportunity Fund II LLC (“Fund II”), Phillips Edison Shopping Center Fund III LP (“Fund III”) or Phillips Edison Shopping Center Fund IV LP (“Fund IV”), as applic abl e. (2) Vintage is the year in which the first capital call was made. (3) Past performance is not necessarily indicative of prospective returns for the Fund. There can be no assurances that the Fund wil l be profitable. The partially realized and unrealized returns are estimates and actual results may vary. Internal rate of return net of all fees and payments to the man age r. Calculated based on time of investment. Fund (1) Vintage (2) Equity Invested Targeted Investor Return Net IRR (3) Net Multiple REALIZED Fund I 2000 $19,900,000 15 - 20% 32.1% 2.04X Fund II 2002 $57,200,000 15 - 20% 26.5% 1.26X Fund IV 2008 $62,350,000 13 - 15% 17.0% 1.67X CBRE JV 2011 $50,000,000 8% 16.1% 1.26X PARTIALLY REALIZED Fund III 2005 $275,000,000 13 - 15% N/A .17X SIF I 2007 $64,866,250 15 - 17% 13.4% 1.38X UN - REALIZED SIF II 2011 $57,200,000 15 - 17% 14.0% 2.80X Strong performance in 6 out of 7 closed - end funds 22






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PECO I – BOARD OF DIRECTORS Leslie T. Chao Mr. Chao retired as Chief Executive Officer of Chelsea Property Group, a subsidiary of Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: SPG) , i n 2008. Previously he served in various senior capacities at Chelsea, including President and Chief Financial Officer, from 1987 through its IPO in 1993 (NYS E: CPG) and acquisition by Simon in 2004. He is a non - executive director of Value Retail PLC, a leading developer of outlet centers in Europe, and from 2006 to 2008 served as an independent non - executive director of The Link REIT, the first and largest public REIT in Hong Kong. Jeffrey S. Edison Mr. Edison, together with Michael C. Phillips, founded Phillips Edison & Company and has served as a principal of the company si nce 1995. From 1991 to 1995, he was employed by NationsBank’s South Charles Realty Corporation, serving as a Senior Vice President. Mr. Edison was employed b y M organ Stanley Realty Incorporated from 1987 until 1990 and The Taubman Company from 1984 until 1987. Paul J. Massey, Jr. Mr. Massey, together with partner Robert A. Knakal , whom he met at Coldwell Banker, founded Massey Knakal Realty Services, which became New York City’s largest investment property sales brokerage firm, of which Mr. Massey served as Chief Executive Officer. With 250 sales profe ssi onals serving more than 200,000 property owners, Massey Knakal Realty Services was ranked as New York City’s #1 property sales company in transaction volume by the CoStar Group, a national, independent real estate analytics provider. Mr. Massey also serves as Chairman for REBNY’s Ethics and Business Practice Subco mmi ttee, is Director of Commercial Board of Directors of REBNY, is an active member of the Board of Trustees for the Lower East Side Tenement Museum and serves as a chair or member of numerous other committees. Gregory S. Wood Mr. Wood has been Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of EnergySolutions , Inc., a leading services provider to the nuclear industry, since June 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Wood held the role of chief financial officer at numerous public and private companies, including with Actian Corporation, Silicon Graphics, Liberate Technologies and InterTrust Technologies. Mr. Wood was a director of Steinway Musical Instruments, Inc. from October 2011 to October 2013, where he also served as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Stephen R. Quazzo Mr. Quazzo is co - founder and Chief Executive Officer of Pearlmark Real Estate, L.L.C. From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Quazzo served as President of Equity Institutional Investors, Inc., a subsidiary of investor Sam Zell’s private holding company, Equity Group Investments, Inc. Mr. Quazzo was responsible for raising equity capital and performing various portfolio management services in connection with the firm’s real estate investments, including institution al opportunity funds and public REITs. He is a member and past trustee of the Urban Land Institute, a member of the Pension Real Estate Association, and is a licens ed real estate broker in Illinois. In addition, Mr. Quazzo served as a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE: HOT) until its acquisition by Mariott and is an Investment Committee member of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra endowment and pension plans. Mr. Quazzo has served as a Trustee of The Latin School of Chicago since 2001 and since 1994 has been a Chicago Advisory Board member of City Year, a national service organization. 23






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY – MANAGEMENT Robert F. Myers , Chief Operating Officer Bob Myers joined Phillips Edison in 2003 as a Senior Leasing Manager, was promoted to Regional Leasing Manager in 2005 and be cam e Vice President of Leasing in 2006. He was named Senior Vice President of Leasing and Operations in 2009, and Chief Operating Offic er in 2010. Before joining Phillips Edison, Mr. Myers spent six years with Equity Investment Group, where he started as a property manage r i n 1997. He served as Director of Operations from 1998 to 2000 and as Director of Lease Renegotiations/Leasing Agent from 2000 to 2003. R. Mark Addy , President and Chief Operating Officer, PECO I Mark Addy has served as the Co - President of Phillips Edison Grocery REIT I since April 2013 and as the Chief Operating Officer o f Phillips Edison Grocery REIT I since October 2010. Mr. Addy served as Chief Operating Officer for Phillips Edison & Company from 2004 to October 2010. He served Phillips Edison as Senior Vice President from 2002 until 2004, when he became Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Addy was the top executive in the Cincinnati, Ohio headquarters, responsible for implementing the company’s growth strategy. Jeffrey S. Edison, Principal and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Edison, together with Michael C. Phillips, founded Phillips Edison & Company and has served as a principal of the compan y s ince 1995. From 1991 to 1995, he was employed by NationsBank’s South Charles Realty Corporation, serving as a Senior Vice President. Mr. Edis on was employed by Morgan Stanley Realty Incorporated from 1987 until 1990 and The Taubman Company from 1984 until 1987. Devin I. Murphy, Principal and Chief Financial Officer Devin Murphy is the Chief Financial Officer of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. He previously served as Vice Chair man of Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley. He began his real estate career in 1986 when he joined the real estate group at Morgan Stanley as an associate. Prior to rejoining Morgan Stanley in June 2009, Mr. Murphy was a managing partner of Coventry Real Estate Advisors, a real estate p riv ate equity firm which sponsors institutional investment funds that acquire and develop retail properties. 24






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY | 25 Why Grocery?






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	26 · ADVANTAGES OF OUR GROCERY ANCHORED FOCUS Grocery is the most attractive space in shopping center real estate • Average customer trips per week is 1.6 1 • Consistent demand generator — non - cyclical • Recession resistant NECESSITY - BASED • 18,000 avg. total trips per week • Benefits in - line tenant sales and growth • Rental revenue driven by convenience and service - based business • Online is currently 2.4% of total food sales 2 SOURCES: (1) FOOD MARKETING INSTITUTE (2) THE FUTURE OF FOOD RETAILING 2015, WILLARD BISHOP HIGH TRAFFIC E - COMMERCE RESISTANT 26






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	27 · GROCERY SALES HAVE OUTPERFORMED ALL OTHER RETAIL SALES Monthly Retail Store Sales per U.S. Census Data¹ Sources: U.S. Census Advanced Monthly Retail Trade Report as of February 2017 and NAICS retailer codes Note: Grocery includes supermarkets and other grocery stores, excluding convenience stores. Electronics includes electronics and appliance stores. Sporting Goods / Hobby includes sporting goods stores, hobby stores, book stores and music stores. Department stores includes all department stores. ¹ Includes both in - store and online sales for companies that have physical brick - and - mortar stores. Monthly sales are adjusted f or seasonal variation. Excludes pure - play online retail. 50.0 % 60.0 % 70.0 % 80.0 % 90.0 % 100.0 % 110.0 % 120.0 % 130.0 % 140.0 % 150.0 % 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 Grocery Electronics Sporting Goods / Hobby Department Stores 137.8 % 97.2 % 109.4 % 72.0 % 27






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	28 · FOOD AND BEVERAGE IS MORE RESISTANT TO E - COMMERCE THAN OTHER RETAIL SECTORS Digital’s Share of U.S. Retail Sales by Type of Retailer Sources: U.S. Census Bureau, BI intelligence estimates, Cushman & Wakefield research and U.S. Department of commerce 28 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 E2014 E2015 E2016 Clothing & Accessories Health & Personal Care Electronics, Appliances, Computers Food & Beverage Media, Sporting & Hobby Goods 55 % 20 % 17 % 8 % 2 % Relative to other retail sectors, the food & beverage industry has been least impacted by e - commerce, with e - commerce comprising less than ~2% of total sales vs. over ~20% for apparel and over ~50% for electronics






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	29 · STORE CLOSURES ARE CONCENTRATED IN NON - GROCERY RETAIL, PARTICULARLY APPAREL 46.5 % 22.7 % 9.7 % 5.8 % 4.0 % 3.4 % 2.4 % 1.7 % Apparel, Footwear & Accessories Electronics Department Store Books Supermarket Sporting Goods Discount Store Office Supply Sources: TNT Store Closure Database Note: The above data excludes 3.7% of other, which includes beauty, convenience, crafts stores, dollar stores, drug retailers , h ome stores and toys. 1 PF PECO I exposure weighted by annualized base rent. Store Closings Completed or Announced YTD by Type of Retailer PECO I PF Exposure 1 5.8 % 0.8 % 2.7 % 0.3 % 37.4 % 1.2 % 4.0 % 0.9 % Less than 10% of PF PECO I’s revenues come from the 3 segments that have comprised over 78% of 2017 of store closures YTD Annual rent lost due to closures in Q1 2017 for PF PECO I totaled ~0.36% of annual rent 29






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	30 · INVESTMENT STRATEGY INVESTMENT THESIS GENERAL NOTES: (1) PROPRIETARY SCORECARD THAT USES A SERIES OF ALGORITHMS TO BE NCHMARK INDIVIDUAL ASSETS BASED ON A DEFINED SET OF CHARACTERIST ICS INCLUDING THOSE FEATURED ON THIS SLIDE. (2) HEALTH RATIO IS THE AMOUNT OF ANNUAL RENT AS A PERCENTAGE OF ANNUAL SALES. We invest in grocery - anchored shopping centers with a focus on the three - mile trade area – the micro - market – surrounding each shopping center with the following characteristics: • Geographically diverse portfolio in growing markets • Market leading grocery anchor • 70 - 80% national and regional creditworthy tenants • Diversification by tenancy, industry and lease term • E - commerce resistant TRADE AREA SPECIFIC • #1 or #2 traditional grocer in market with a favorable health ratio 2 • Walmart established in marketplace • Average population target of 55,000 in a three - mile radius • Average household income target of $60,000 • Employment diversity PROPERTY SPECIFIC – POWER SCORE 1 • Proprietary, algorithm based scorecard that ranks over 40 property criteria including: • Grocer strength – sales, market share, health ratio 2 , lease term • Functionality of site design • Asset age/quality • Access and visibility • Merchandising mix/opportunity 30






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	31 · INVESTMENT STRATEGY • #1 or #2 grocer in market with a favorable health ratio 2 • Walmart established in marketplace • Average population target of 55,000+ in a three - mile radius • Average HHI target of $65,000+ • Employment diversity and drivers FOCUS ON MAJOR GROCERY FORMATS TRADITIONAL NOTES: (1) 2011 – 2016 CAGR, SOURCE: PROGRESSIVE GROCER (2) GRAPH IS REPRESENTATIVE OF 198 GROCERY ANCHORED PROPERTIES ( EXCLUDING SHADOW ANCHORS) • DOMINANT FORMAT • 65% OF SUPERMARKET FOOD SALES • 3% CAGR 1 CHARACTERISTICS: • Full line of groceries, meat, and produce • 15% of sales in General Merchandise and Health & Beauty • Service deli, service bakery, and/or pharmacy • Second largest format • 25% of supermarket food sales • 0.7% CAGR 1 CHARACTERISTICS: • Mass Merchandiser + Grocery Component • Average size – 170,000 square feet • 40% dedicated to grocery • Fastest growing format • 6.4% 2013 sales growth • 1 2.3 % CAGR 1 CHARACTERISTICS: • Emphasize perishables and organics • 75% of sales from produce, meat, seafood, dairy • Smaller footprint PECO I focuses on the #1 or #2 market - leading grocer across the traditional format Traditional 89% Supercenter 4% Specialty 7% SUPERCENTER FRESH FORMAT 31 Pro Forma PECO I






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	32 · PROPERTIES LOCATED IN UNCROWDED MARKETS x Established position in markets outside the Top 15 GSA MSAs, supported by 25+ year operating history x Limited competition from public peers, which tend to focus on crowded major MSAs x Positioning outside Top 15 MSAs enables Phillips Edison to compete in markets with less existing retail SF on a per capita basis x Competitive advantage over local operators due to: • Scale of platform • Depth of market / management expertise; and • Spectrum of capabilities x Expertise in segment of market in which Public REITs do not have significant expertise • Expands opportunity set • Potential to pair with public currency in the future Key Opportunities % Exposure to Top 15 MSAs¹ 11 % 80 % 76 % 59 % 58 % 56 % 48 % 47 % 40 % 39 % 37 % 35 % PF PECO I UE AKR FRT REG KIM RPAI WRI BRX ROIC DDR AAT Sources: Green Street Advisors, J.P. Morgan research report (“ Dept Stores / Specialty Softlines ” dated 7 - May - 2017) ¹ Data for shopping center peers covered by Green Street Advisors is by asset value. 32






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	33 · PORTFOLIO BREAKDOWN BY TOP MSAS Notes: Includes Pro Forma PECO I properties as of 12/31/16 (227) MSA data is as of 7/1/16 Top 5 MSAs Properties in Top MSAs 18.1% of the portfolio 33 Number of Pro Forma Metropolitan Statistical Area Rank in Population PECO I Properties 1 Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metro Area 9 17 2 Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL Metro Area 18 8 3 Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX Metro Area 4 5 T4 Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI Metro Area 3 6 T4 Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI Metro Area 16 5 Total 41 Number of Percent of Properties PF PECO I Portfolio Top 25 MSAs 80 35.2% Top 50 MSAs 120 52.9%






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	34 · Initial Entry Levered Free Cash Flows Levered Investment Cap Rate LTV 4 Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 IRR PF PECO I Markets 3 $100.0 6.5% 40.0% $5.9 $6.1 $6.5 $6.7 $6.9 14.4% Top 25 Shopping Center Markets¹ $100.0 5.4% 40.0% $4.9 $5.0 $5.2 $5.4 $5.5 11.8% DELTA: 259 bps SECONDARY MARKET RETAIL RETURNS BEAT CORE MARKETS Assets in the Top 25 shopping center markets would need to experience a ~67 bps decrease in exit cap rates to achieve a levered IRR comparable to PF PECO I assets Source: CBRE Econometric Advisors / Torto Wheaton and Real Capital Analytics ¹ Rent growth for PF PECO I Markets and Top 25 Strip Retail Markets are based on CBRE Econometric Advisors / Torto Wheaton re nt growth forecasts for each of their respective markets. Rent growth detail for PF PECO I Markets is not available for all markets – data shown reflect growth estimates based on data only for avail able markets, which represent approximately 55% of the portfolio by square feet ² Top 25 Markets include Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Fort Lauderdale, Fort Worth, Houston , J acksonville, Las Vegas, Long Island, Los Angeles, Miami, Orlando, West Palm Beach, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Raleigh, San Antonio, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose and Tampa ³ PF PECO I Markets cap rate is an estimate based on average acquisition cap rates over the past 12 months. Top 25 Strip Reta il Markets cap rate is an estimate calculated as PF PECO I markets less the current 1.1% spread between A and B market cap rates. See next slide for details 4 The same debt assumptions are applied to both PF PECO I Markets and Top 25 Shopping Center Markets Hypothetical Returns Key Notes PF PECO I Markets vs. Top 25 Markets¹ x Historical indexed rent growth for PECO I markets has largely tracked and even beaten rent growth for the Top 25 shopping center markets since 2009 x Going forward, secondary market rent growth is expected to track growth in the Top 25 markets x Given the higher initial yields of secondary markets, this translates into higher potential total returns of over 250 bps or 25% 2009 - 2025 Rent Growth (Indexed) 2016 - 2025 Rent Growth (Indexed) PF PECO I Markets Top 25 Strip Retail Markets 2 34






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	35 · SPREAD BETWEEN CAP RATES IN A MARKETS VS. B MARKETS HAS WIDENED Sources: Real Capital Analytics B Market Cap Rates Have Closely Tracked A Market Cap Rates Historically 0.0 % 2.0 % 4.0 % 6.0 % 8.0 % 10.0 % 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 10Y U.S. Treasuries A Market Cap Rates B Market Cap Rates 2.5 % 5.4 % 6.5 % Recently, the Spread Between A and B Markets has Widened and is Well Above the Long - Term Average (0.2)% 0.0 % 0.2 % 0.4 % 0.6 % 0.8 % 1.0 % 1.2 % 1.4 % 1.6 % 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 Spread Between B and A Market Cap Rates Average Spread 1.1 % 0.6 % Per the prior page, A market cap rates would need to contract ~67 bps to achieve the same levered IRR as B markets. Today, A market cap rates are already 110 bps lower 35






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	36 · OUR STORES ARE RIGHT - SIZED 106 K 160 K PECO I Peers Source: Cushman & Wakefield Research ¹ Peers include AAT, AKR, BRX, DDR, FRT, KIM, REG, ROIC, RPAI, UE and WRI. Average Property Size (Square Feet) Commentary x Our assets are ~ 1/3 smaller than our peers’ assets , and our non - anchor stores, averaging 2,477 square feet, are also smaller than power center peers’ small shops x Meetings with national and regional tenants over the last 30 days indicate demand for over 6,500 new small shops (2K - 3K square feet) in the next year across several necessity retail tenant types x Trends expected in the next year will also favor smaller shops x Health & Wellness: spin classes, pilates studios, health - conscious fast casual restaurants, etc. x Clicks - to - Bricks: online retailers opening physical brick - and - mortar stores x A small portion of the retail world is contributing to the negative news: apparel, department stores, and office are the headliners x Food is major driver everywhere because Americans are eating out now more than ever x Neighborhood community centers and grocery - anchored centers are performing well because success in this area depends on in - line local services; vacant Class A space is being refilled easily 1 36






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	37 · ECONOMICS OF SMALL BOX VS. BIG BOX RETAILERS Our smaller tenants have more attractive unit economics than our anchor tenants, generating an IRR of ~14% over a 15 year period versus ~9% for anchor tenants Cash Flows IRR Assumes a 15 - year hold, classifying small box as ~2,000 sq. ft. at a 6.50% cap rate Assumes a 15 - year hold, classifying big box as ~10,000 sq. ft. at a 7.75% cap rate with rent per sq. ft. at $15.00 $(2,000) $(1,000) $ 0 $ 1,000 $ 2,000 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Power Anchor Small Box $(20,000) $(10,000) $10,000 $20,000 13.7 % 9.3 % Small Box Power Anchor 37 m21 g5g6






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	38 · ECONOMICS OF SMALL BOX VS. BIG BOX RETAILERS Our smaller tenants have more attractive unit economics than our anchor tenants, generating an IRR of ~14% over a 15 year period versus ~9% for anchor tenants Power Anchor Cap Rate 7.75% Initial Term (yrs) 10 Initial TI / Sq. Ft. $35.00 Square Feet 10,000 Option (yrs) 5 Debt 50.0% $774,194 Initial Rent / Sq. Ft. $15.00 Option Rent 110.0% $16.50 Debt Service 3.00% 23,226 Year 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Terminal Rent $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $150,000 $165,000 $165,000 $165,000 $165,000 $165,000 $165,000 Less: Prop. OpEx 20.0% (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (30,000) (33,000) (33,000) (33,000) (33,000) (33,000) (33,000) Less: Tenant Improvements (350,000) Less: Debt Service (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) (23,226) Entry (774,194) Exit 929,032 Cash Flow ($1,027,419) $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $96,774 $108,774 $108,774 $108,774 $108,774 $1,037,806 IRR 9.3% Small Shop Cap Rate 6.50% Initial Term (yrs) 7 Initial TI / Sq. Ft. $40.00 Downtime (yrs) 1.0 Square Feet 2,000 Option (yrs) 3 Retention Rate 75.0% Debt 50.0% $1,307,692 Tenants 5 10,000 Rent / Sq. Ft $25.00 New Lease Mark to Market 115.0% Debt Service 3.00% 39,231 Vacancy Factor 80.0% Option Growth 10.0% Annual Rent Growth 2.0% Year 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Terminal Rent: Tenant 1 $50,000 $51,000 $52,020 $53,060 $54,122 $55,204 $56,308 $61,939 $71,230 $72,654 $74,107 $75,590 $77,101 $78,643 $86,508 $88,238 Rent: Tenant 2 50,000 51,000 52,020 53,060 54,122 55,204 56,308 61,939 71,230 72,654 74,107 75,590 77,101 78,643 86,508 88,238 Rent: Tenant 3 50,000 51,000 52,020 53,060 54,122 55,204 56,308 61,939 71,230 72,654 74,107 75,590 77,101 78,643 0 88,238 Rent: Tenant 4 50,000 51,000 52,020 53,060 54,122 55,204 56,308 0 71,230 72,654 74,107 75,590 77,101 78,643 80,216 88,238 Rent: Tenant 5 (static vacancy) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total Rent $200,000 $204,000 $208,080 $212,242 $216,486 $220,816 $225,232 $185,817 $284,919 $290,617 $296,430 $302,358 $308,406 $314,574 $253,232 $352,952 Less: Prop. OpEx 15.0% (30,000) (30,600) (31,212) (31,836) (32,473) (33,122) (33,785) (27,873) (42,738) (43,593) (44,464) (45,354) (46,261) (47,186) (37,985) (52,943) Less: Tenant Improvements (320,000) (80,000) Less: Debt Service (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) (39,231) Entry (1,307,692) Exit 3,307,830 Cash Flow ($1,496,923) $134,169 $137,637 $141,175 $144,783 $148,463 $152,217 $118,714 $122,950 $207,794 $212,735 $217,774 $222,914 $228,157 $3,483,846 IRR 13.7% 38 m38 g7g8g9






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY | 39 The Platform






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	40 · MANAGEMENT & PELP’S FULLY INTEGRATED OPERATING PLATFORM Highly experienced management team with a fully integrated operating platform with • Executive management averages 15 years at Philips Edison and 28 in commercial real estate • Fully integrated platform provides synergies and efficiencies • Control along every step of the value creation cycle , from sourcing an acquisition to property disposition • Platform scalable to own and operate 400+ shopping centers Accounting Acquisitions Capital Markets Construction Dispositions Due Diligence Finance IT Investor Relations Leasing Legal Marketing Property Management Risk Management Tax 281 associates 100% in house capabilities built over 20+ years Scalable for future growth 40






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	41 · SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM - OPERATIONS WEST REGION 1 NORTH REGION 1 MID - ATLANTIC REGION 1 SOUTHEAST REGION 1 NOTE: (1) CERTAIN EMPLOYEES HAVE MULTI - REGIONAL ROLES AND MAY BE COUNTED TWICE In addition, the operations team is complemented by a fully integrated platform of more than 160 associates within Finance, Capital Markets, Research, Accounting, Marketing, Information Technology, and more. Leasing Agent Offices: 8 Property Manager Offices: 18 26 TOTAL OFFICES NATIONWIDE NATIONAL, FULLY INTEGRATED OPERATING PLATFORM SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM - OPERATIONS Regional VP Portfolio Manager: 1 Property Management Associate: 1 Leasing Agents: 7 Retention Agents: 1 Property Managers: 6 Construction Managers: 2 Attorneys: 1 Paralegals: 1 WEST REGION 1 Regional VP Portfolio Manager: 1 Property Management Associate: 1 Leasing Agents: 7 Retention Agents: 1 Property Managers: 9 Construction Managers: 2 Attorneys: 1 Paralegals: 1 Regional VP Portfolio Manager: 1 Property Management Associate: 1 Leasing Agents: 6 Retention Agents: 1 Property Managers: 7 Construction Managers: 1 Attorneys: 1 Paralegals: 1 Vice President of Redevelopment: 1 Redevelopment Construction Managers: 2 Redevelopment Leasing Agents: 3 SVP, Portfolio/Asset Management SVP, Leasing VP, Leasing VP, Renewal Leasing SVP, Property Management Chief Marketing Officer SVP, Construction SVP, General Counsel Regional VP Portfolio Manager: 1 Property Management Associate: 1 Leasing Agents: 6 Retention Agents: 1 Property Managers: 8 Construction Managers: 1 Attorneys: 1 Paralegals: 1 SOUTHEAST REGION 1 WEST REGION 1 NORTH REGION 1 MID - ATLANTIC REGION 1 REDEVELOPMENT REGION 1 SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM - OPERATIONS Chief Operating Officer In - House Portfolio Management, Leasing and Operations team with regional focus and expertise 41






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	42 · GROCER RELATIONS NEW TENANT RELATIONS EXISTING TENANT RELATIONS NATIONAL ACCOUNTS OUTPARCEL PROGRAM REDEVELOPMENT EMERGING TRENDS National footprint with strategically focused teams NATIONAL, FULLY INTEGRATED OPERATING PLATFORM: IN - HOUSE LEASING New Leases Renewals NOTE: (1) 2017 LEASING STATS ARE YTD THROUGH 3/31/2017 Lease Count GLA First Yr ABR 2014 260 720,505 $11.02 2015 330 1,172,500 $11.62 2016 342 1,142,223 $12.47 2017 ¹ 89 281,254 $13.40 On pace for 356 new leases in 2017 Lease Count GLA Renewal Spread 2014 404 1,537,409 4.9% 2015 434 1,535,230 13.6% 2016 545 1,728,755 13.7% 2017 ¹ 131 347,722 13.1% On pace for 524 renewals in 2017 42






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	43 · NATIONAL, FULLY INTEGRATED OPERATING PLATFORM: IN - HOUSE ACQUISITIONS Head of Western Acquisitions Head of Midwest Acquisitions Head of Southeast Acquisitions Head of Northeast Acquisitions Vice President of Transactions Director of Underwriting Senior Vice President of Acquisitions SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM SOUTHEAST REGION SOUTH REGION 1 WEST REGION 1 MIDWEST REGION 1 NORTHEAST REGION 1 SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM NORTHEAST REGION 1 Acquisitions Associates: 1 Underwriting Analysts: 2 Transactions Analysts: 2 Acquisitions Associates: 1 Underwriting Analysts: 1 Transactions Analysts: 2 Acquisitions Associates: 1 Underwriting Analysts: 2 Transactions Analysts: 2 Acquisitions Associates: 1 Underwriting Analysts: 1 Transactions Analysts: 2 WEST REGION 1 Acquisitions Associates: 1 Underwriting Analysts: 1 Transactions Analysts: 2 CENTRAL REGION 1 MIDWEST REGION 1 CENTRAL REGION 1 NORTHEAST REGION 1 SOUTHEAST REGION 1 NOTE: (1) CERTAIN EMPLOYEES HAVE MULTI - REGIONAL ROLES AND MAY BE COUNTED TWICE 43






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	44 · NATIONAL, FULLY INTEGRATED OPERATING PLATFORM: IN - HOUSE ACQUISITIONS ACQUISITIONS ACTIVITY • Reviewed 3,134 deals • Underwrote 581 active opportunities • Sent out 434 LOIs • Closed on 77 grocery anchored centers representing $1.2 billion and 6 million square feet • 33 off - market and direct acquisitions • 44 on - market acquisitions ACQUISITIONS ACTIVITY • Reviewed 2,549 deals • Underwrote 386 active opportunities • Sent out 247 LOIs • Closed on 49 grocery anchored centers representing $808 million and 5.4 million square feet • 24 off - market and direct acquisitions • 25 on - market acquisitions ACQUISITIONS ACTIVITY • Reviewed 2,217 deals • Underwrote 364 active opportunities • Sent out 233 LOIs • Closed on 41 grocery anchored centers representing $880 million and 5.1 million square feet • 18 off - market and direct acquisitions • 23 on - market acquisitions 2014 2015 GROCERY ANCHORED PIPELINE (LOI’S OUTSTANDING AS OF 3/31/2017) 3.5 mm SQUARE FEET ~$700m AGGREGATE PURCHASE PRICE 32 PROPERTIES 2016 44






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	45 · SUPPORT DEPARTMENTS BUILT TO DRIVE SCALABLE EFFICIENCIES Back office platform focused on process efficiencies, driving high incremental margins with each new asset under management Finance Information Technology Accounting Legal Risk Management • Property Accounting • Financial Reporting • CAM • Accounts Receivable/Payable • Regional Portfolio support • FP&A and Corporate • Investor Relations • Acquisition support • Lease Administration • Corporate Governance • Insurance • Claims Management • Enterprise Risk Management • Strategic platform design • Systems implementation and integration • Cyber Security 45






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	46 · SHAREHOLDER ALIGNED COMPANY CULTURE • Ownership culture aligned with shareholders • Every associate receives ownership units after 1 year of service • Fosters environment of innovation and encourages associates to “act like an owner” • Culture of learning • PECO University: training department with employee - led curriculum featuring over 75 courses • Innovation Lab: annual cross - functional projects intended to promote forward thinking • Highly engaged, dedicated associates • 4 - time “Best Place to Work in Cincinnati” Finalist • In a study conducted by CEB, Phillips Edison employees ranked significantly higher in employee engagement 1 and retention versus a benchmark 2 comprised of 180 like - sized companies • Employee - led initiatives for promoting women and community service NOTES: (1) ENGAGEMENT CAPITAL SCORE IS THE AMOUNT OF COMMITMENT, DISCRETION ARY EFFORT AND INTENT TO STAY THAT ASSOCIATES EXHIBIT BASED ON P AST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE CONDITIONS (2) SURVEY CONDUCTED BY CEB AND BENCHMARKED AGAINST 180 LIKE - SIZED GLOBAL COMPANIES IN 20 I NDUSTRIES 46






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	For more information please contact: • Phillips Edison & Company: Michael Koehler, Director of Investor Relations InvestorRelations@PhillipsEdison.com (513) 338 - 2743






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	PHILLIPS EDISON & COMPANY | 48 Appendix






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	49 · Funds from Operations Funds from operations (“FFO”) is a non - GAAP performance financial measure that is widely recognized as a measure of REIT operati ng performance. We use FFO as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) to be net income (loss), computed in accor dan ce with GAAP, adjusted for gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate property (including deemed sales and settlements of pre - existing relationships ), plus depreciation and amortization on real estate assets and impairment charges, and after related adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures, and noncontrolling interests. We believe that FFO is helpful to our investors and our management as a measure of operating performance because, when compared year to yea r, it reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities, general and administrative exp enses, and interest costs, which are not immediately apparent from net income. FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss ) f rom continuing operations under GAAP, nor as an indication of our liquidity, nor is this measure indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, includ ing our ability to fund distributions, Accordingly, FFO should be reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements. FFO should not be viewed as more prominent me asu res of performance than our net income or cash flows from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our FFO, as presented, may not be comparable t o a mounts calculated by other REITs. Pro Forma Funds from Operations – FFO for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, pro forma for the transaction, is not reasonably reconcilable to net income at this time as purchase accounting and other non - cash transaction adjustments have not yet been completed. The following section presents our calculation of FFO and provides additional information related to our operations (in thous and s): RECONCILIATION OF NON - GAAP FINANCIALS 49






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	50 · Same - Center Net Operating Income We present Same - Center NOI as a supplemental measure of our performance. We define NOI as total operating revenues, adjusted to exclude lease buy - out income and non - cash revenue items, less property operating expenses and real estate taxes. Same - Center NOI represents the NOI for the 1 32 properties for PECO I that were owned and operational for the entire portion of both comparable reporting periods, except for those properties we curren tly classify as redevelopment. A property is removed from the Same - Center pool and classified as redevelopment when it is being repositioned in the market and su ch repositioning is expected to have a significant impact on property operating income. While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, once a r ede velopment property has stabilized, it is typically moved to the Same - Center pool the following year. Currently, we have identified five properties that we classify as redevelopment properties. We believe that NOI and Same - Center NOI provide useful information to our investors about our financial and operating performanc e because each provides a performance measure of the revenues and expenses directly involved in owning and operating real estate assets and provides a per spective not immediately apparent from net income. Because Same - Center NOI excludes the change in NOI from properties acquired after December 31, 2014, and those considered redevelopment properties, it highlights operating trends such as occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating costs on properties that wer e o perational for both comparable periods. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating Same - Center NOI, and accordingly, our Same - Center NOI may not be com parable to other REITs. Same - Center NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it does not reflect the operat ions of our entire portfolio, nor does it reflect the impact of general and administrative expenses, acquisition expenses, depreciation and amortization, inter est expense, other income, or the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties that could materiall y i mpact our results from operations. RECONCILIATION OF NON - GAAP FINANCIALS 50






	 









	 






Click to enlarge


	51 · RECONCILIATION OF NON - GAAP FINANCIALS 51






	 



















PDRG Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II Inc PINX:PDRG Stock Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!













Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site















































































 





































Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:40 AM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Phillips Edison - ARC Shopping Center REIT Inc. plans to invest primarily in necessity-based neighborhood and community shopping centers in the United States with a focus on grocery anchored shopping centers. The company was founded in 1991 and is based in Cincinnati, Ohio.


11501 Northlake DriveCincinnati, OH 45249United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 513-554-1110

Fax: 513-554-1820

www.grocerycenterreit1.com







Key Executives for Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc.


Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Key Developments

Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc. Announces Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 11 17
Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I Inc. announced earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company's revenues were USD 56,932,000 compared with USD 55,993,000 a year ago. Total same-center net operating income was USD 39,376,000 compared with USD 38,257,000 a year ago. Net income attributable to stockholders was USD 1,106,000 or USD 0.01 per basic and diluted share compared with USD 2,219,000 or USD 0.01 per basic and diluted share a year ago. The results were driven by an increase in depreciation expense and legal and consulting services, offset by an increase in revenue generated by eight new properties acquired since the beginning of 2016. Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders were USD 28,310,000 or USD 0.15 per basic and diluted share compared with USD 27,538,000 or USD 0.15 per basic and diluted share a year ago. Modified funds from operations attributable to common stockholders were USD 28,286,000 or USD 0.15 per basic and diluted share compared with USD 25,842,000 or USD 0.14 per basic and diluted share a year ago. The 2.8% increase in FFO was driven by an increase in revenue generated by the additional new properties owned as well as the 2.9% increase in same-center NOI.


Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 12, 2017
May 11 17
Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 12, 2017


Phillips Edison - ARC Shopping Center REIT Inc. - Special Call
Mar 13 17
Phillips Edison - ARC Shopping Center REIT Inc. - Special Call


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc. United States Arden Realty LP United States Camden Summit Partnership, L.P. United States FSP Innsbrook Corp. United States HCRI Tucson Properties, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 19, 2017
			    
Phillips Edison LP



Merger/Acquisition

			      May 10, 2017
			    
IRC Greentree LLC



Merger/Acquisition

			      April 21, 2017
			    
Rocky Ridge Town Center





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc., please visit www.grocerycenterreit1.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Investor Log In | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:









Log In






Account Advisors
Click here to view your client accounts.

Individual Investors
Click here to access your account.


















	Properties | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:












Property Search

State (All)  City (All)    
County (All)  Population (All)< 45,00045,000 - 95,99996,000 - 159,999>= 160,000  Income (All)< $50,000$50,000 - $74,999$75,000 - $99,000>= $100,000  GLA (All)< 76,00076,000 - 93,99994,000 - 125,999>= 126,000  Contact (All) 
Switch to Advanced Search

 Only show properties with available space
Search





Properties by State







All Properties
Property Finder  

























	Our Team | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:
















        Jeffrey S. Edison
      

        Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
      





        Devin I. Murphy
      

        Chief Financial Officer
      





        R. Mark Addy
      

        President and Chief Operating Officer 
      





















	Contact Us | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:









Contact Us






Investor & Broker Dealer Inquiries
DST Systems, Inc.
Phone: 888-518-8073
Fax: 877-894-1127

All Other Inquiries
Phillips Edison
11501 Northlake Drive
Cincinnati, OH 45249
800-875-6585 ext. 1201


















	Tax Matters | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:









Tax Matters





Tax Documents
In accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 6045B, click a link below to download Form 8937 for Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc.
Form 8937, Tax Year 2016

Form 8937, Tax Year 2015

Institutional REIT Form 8937, Tax Year 2014

Form 8937, Tax Year 2014
 


















	About | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:









About





Overview
Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. is a public non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in retail real estate properties. Our primary focus is on necessity-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers that meet the day-to-day needs of residents in the surrounding trade areas. The properties we acquire will be managed by Phillips Edison, one of the nation's most successful owner/operators of our targeted property type.
Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. has built its portfolio by acquiring primarily grocery-anchored centers with value-add potential. The company's fully-integrated in-house team includes leasing, development, redevelopment, construction, operations management and finance professionals working together to maximize the value of each property for investors, tenants and the communities they serve. Learn more about Phillips Edison at www.phillipsedison.com.


















	Home | Phillips Edison & Company



































































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Log In


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:










Investing in Grocery-Anchored Shopping Centers


Scroll to see more information



Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. (”Grocery Center REIT II”) is a publicly registered non-traded real estate investment trust

We seek to invest primarily in grocery-anchored neighborhood shopping centers with the following characteristics:

Occupied by a strategic mix of national and regional credit tenants
Focused on selling necessity-based goods and services
Located in strong demographic markets throughout the United States  


Online Statements are Now Available!
Sign up for eSolutions, a secure platform that allows you to access your monthly statements online. This new service gives you secure, 24-7 access to view current and past statements including tax documents, and the ability to update your mailing address and banking instructions online. Click here to sign up or access the site through the Log In link at the top of your screen. 


Q1 2017 Earnings Webinar (5.12.17) Conference Call:
Listen to a recording of the conference call held on Q1 2017 Earnings Webinar (5.12.17).

2016 Year End Earnings Webinar (3.27.17) Conference Call:
Listen to a recording of the conference call held on 2016 Year End Earnings Webinar (3.27.17).

Q3 2016 Earnings Webinar (11.21.16) Conference Call:
Listen to a recording of the conference call held on Q3 2016 Earnings Webinar (11.21.16).

Q2 2016 Earnings Webinar (8.15.16) Conference Call:
Listen to a recording of the conference call held on Q2 2016 Earnings Webinar (8.15.16).

















	Home | Phillips Edison & Company

























































 
 













Contact Us

























Home









Property Search




Switch to Advanced Search



State (All)


City (All)







County (All)


Population (All)
< 45,000
45,000 - 95,999
96,000 - 159,999
>= 160,000


Income (All)
< $50,000
$50,000 - $74,999
$75,000 - $99,000
>= $100,000




GLA (All)
< 76,000
76,000 - 93,999
94,000 - 125,999
>= 126,000


Contact (All)





Only show properties with available space
Search















Grocery Focused. Retailer Centered.
Phillips Edison & Company has refined our experience in purchasing and managing grocery-anchored shopping centers by building a nationwide portfolio of more than 340 properties. 










Featured Properties



















 
 






 


 


 


 





View Property Details





News







Recent News Releases

June 13, 2017
Phillips Edison Recognized as Winners at 2017 U.S. MAXI Awards
READ >


May 22, 2017
Phillips Edison Releases Top 5 Retail Shopping Center Trends
READ >


May 21, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints K.C. Bills to Regional Vice President of Port...
READ >


March 16, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Announces 2016 Top Leasing Producer and Property Manag...
READ >


February 01, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints Kevin O’Neil as Vice President, Assistant Gen...
READ >


January 26, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Announces Key Senior Level Promotions
READ >


January 17, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints David Wik to Senior Vice President of Acquisi...
READ >


December 05, 2016
Phillips Edison & Company Expands National Accounts and Emerging Trends Initiati...
READ >


March 14, 2016
Phillips Edison & Company Names Three Vice Presidents
READ >


February 11, 2016
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints Theresa Shea as Vice President, Assistant Gen...
READ >






See All News












Stay in the know with the latest from Phillips Edison & Company
















Contact Us













© 2015 Phillips Edison & Company

























































	Home | Phillips Edison & Company

























































 
 













Contact Us

























Home









Property Search




Switch to Advanced Search



State (All)


City (All)







County (All)


Population (All)
< 45,000
45,000 - 95,999
96,000 - 159,999
>= 160,000


Income (All)
< $50,000
$50,000 - $74,999
$75,000 - $99,000
>= $100,000




GLA (All)
< 76,000
76,000 - 93,999
94,000 - 125,999
>= 126,000


Contact (All)





Only show properties with available space
Search















Grocery Focused. Retailer Centered.
Phillips Edison & Company has refined our experience in purchasing and managing grocery-anchored shopping centers by building a nationwide portfolio of more than 340 properties. 










Featured Properties



















 
 






 


 


 


 





View Property Details





News







Recent News Releases

June 13, 2017
Phillips Edison Recognized as Winners at 2017 U.S. MAXI Awards
READ >


May 22, 2017
Phillips Edison Releases Top 5 Retail Shopping Center Trends
READ >


May 21, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints K.C. Bills to Regional Vice President of Port...
READ >


March 16, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Announces 2016 Top Leasing Producer and Property Manag...
READ >


February 01, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints Kevin O’Neil as Vice President, Assistant Gen...
READ >


January 26, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Announces Key Senior Level Promotions
READ >


January 17, 2017
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints David Wik to Senior Vice President of Acquisi...
READ >


December 05, 2016
Phillips Edison & Company Expands National Accounts and Emerging Trends Initiati...
READ >


March 14, 2016
Phillips Edison & Company Names Three Vice Presidents
READ >


February 11, 2016
Phillips Edison & Company Appoints Theresa Shea as Vice President, Assistant Gen...
READ >






See All News












Stay in the know with the latest from Phillips Edison & Company
















Contact Us













© 2015 Phillips Edison & Company

























































Jeffrey Edison, Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit II Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





Jeffrey "Jeff" Edison

Chairman/CEO,
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit II Inc






Career History




Chairman/CEO
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit III Inc, 4/2016-PRESENT


Chairman/CEO
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit II Inc, 8/2013-PRESENT


CEO/Principal/Co-Founder
Phillips Edison & Co, PRESENT


Chairman
Phillips Edison Ntr LLC, PRESENT


Chairman/CEO
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit I Inc, PRESENT



Morgan Stanley Realty Inc, 1987-1990



Taubman Co LLC, 1984-1987


Co-Chairman/CEO
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit I Inc, 12/2009-UNKNOWN


Principal/Co-Founder
Phillips Edison & Co, 1995-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.grocerycenterreit2.com






Corporate Information
Address:

11501 Northlake Drive
Cincinnati, OH 45249
United States


Phone:
513-554-1110


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.grocerycenterreit2.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Harvard Business School
Master's Degree, Business Administration, 1984


Colgate University
Bachelor's Degree, 1982








Memberships



Board Memberships




Phillips Edison Ntr LLC


Chairman, PRESENT




Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit I Inc


Chairman, PRESENT




Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit III Inc


Chairman, 4/2016-PRESENT




Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit II Inc


Chairman, 8/2013-PRESENT




Phillips Edison Grocery Center Reit I Inc


Co-Chairman, 12/2009-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































	Investor Forms | Phillips Edison & Company





























































Properties











Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search






Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties












Home


About


About


Investment Strategy


Our Team


Risk Factors


FAQ


Board of Directors




Our Team


Investor Relations


Investor Relations


Governance


Investor Forms


Proxy Materials


Tax Matters


SEC Filings


Events & Presentations


Press Releases


Email Notifications




Properties


Property Detail




Forms


Contact Us


Log In


Search










×

Search for:









Investor Forms






Account Update Form

Distribution Reinvestment Form

Share Repurchase Form

Transfer Form

Transfer on Death Form
 





















Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc.



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions



Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2016




Headquarters


11501 Northlake Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45249




Industries


Trusts & Funds

Real Estate Investment Trusts




Company Description


Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. seeks to acquire and manage grocery-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers with mix of national, regional, and local tenants selling necessity-based goods and services, and are anchored by a grocery provider in the region, with the specific grocery store demonstrating solid sales performance. The company was founded on April 15, 2016 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.





 Executives & Employees



Jeffrey Simonson Edison

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Robert Mark Addy

President & Chief Operating Officer





Devin Ignatius Murphy

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer




Jennifer L. Robison

Chief Accounting Officer







                          Board of Directors                        



Jeffrey Simonson Edison

Chief Executive Officer at Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT I, Inc.




Richard Smith

Vice President at Phillips Edison Shopping Center Reit, Inc.





David W. Garrison

Former Chief Executive Officer at iBahn General Holdings Corp.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc.



                        Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT III, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













