
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



Security Check Required







FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Magiclip Products Phils., INC. ,Commercial Furniture ,Philippines



















FREE Listing





Home
Categories
Regions
Add new company listing



Position： List Of Companies  ›› Philippines ›› Magiclip Products Phils., INC.






Magiclip Products Phils., INC.



Business Type : Manufacturer
Location : Philippines
Main Markets : North America, South America, Western Europe, East
Main Products : Label, Sticker & Self-adhesive Note, Clip & Stapler, Clip & Stapler, Laboratory Furniture,Boards & Easels, 
Country/Region : Philippines
 Links : Philippines Furniture & Furnishings, Philippines Commercial Furniture, Philippines Laboratory Furniture, 



Company Introduction

                      The product started when, in the early 70s, in a small firm in los angeles, col. Geronimo a. Dango, the founder and inventor of magiclip, works as a maintenance engineer, he observed mexican delivery boys playing with an engineer's t-square and junked ball bearings. The ball bearings when pressed against the t-square can hold up pieces of paper even without tapes, clips, or thumb tacks. This was a neat trick that took dango's interest and without his knowing brought an overwhelming change in his life. Born with a curious and inventive mind, dango bought the idea and realised that by using the similar technique, he could come up with a simple device that could bring great help to office workers in holding up paper works. And that was when the "magiclip" came into being.

In 1977, dango was later awarded as the balik-scientist award issued by former philippine presdient ferdinand marcos.

Though the market in the philippines for his magiclip did not do magic with sheer courage and determination, he relentlessly pushed his product and took the risk of putting up his own company, the herdan enterprises, which later on became herdan corporation, which produces a multiple other products using the "magiclip" concept. These included copy holders, telephone organizers, flip charts, desk organizers, and holders for negatoscope x-rays.
 



Contact Information

Contact Person : Mr. John Qua
Job Title : Sales
Telephone : 63-1004-4004737
Fax Number : 63-1004-4004530
Address : Strata 100, Emerald Avenue, Ortigas Center
Fax : 63-1004-4004530




Related Products：Magiclip Products Phils., INC.

No advertising and no spamming please


Your Name：



Rating：
Rating 1 (Bad)Rating 2 (Below Average)Rating 3 (Average)Rating 4 (Good)Rating 5 (Excellent!)


Comment：




Magiclip Products Phils., INC. no reviews currently
No reviews currently, you may post the first one.






Refine by Updates


TOGO Sport Cycle Shop
Ningbo Alpha Industrial Co.,Ltd.
PRO Machinery & Electric (Suzhou) Co., Ltd
FAIRGOZZI DENTAL INSTRUMENTS
Ningbo Sanling Network Technology Co., Ltd.
Wenzhou Hengtong Printing & Packaging Machi...
Hefei Prote Chemical Co., Ltd.
Juneng Electro-hydraulic Engineering Co., Ltd
Hong Kong Greatmade Electroincs Tech Co., Limited
Atop Healthy Food and Beverage Co Ltd
Bronkhorst High-Tech B.V.
Laohekou Onesun Auto Parts Co., Ltd.




Related Company


Magiclip Products Phils., INC.
Suzhou Antai Airtech Co., Ltd.
Zhejiang Chunlei Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Rsl Labinstruments INC,
Yasemin Sipahioglu
Creative Encounter Company











Copyright 2015 © All Rights Reserved












jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 Free email alerts: Get new jobs by email
We will send you new job offers for your search as soon as they become available. Just fill out the fields for job position, location and your email address and click on „Activate“. You can cancel email alerts at any time. Your email address is safe with us. We only use your email address for job alerts and do not sell it to third parties.


what?



where?



E-Mail















Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH



















Phil-Am Trading, Inc. Recalls Phil-Am Smoked Mackerel (Hasa-Hasa) Because of Possible Health Risk




























































  


Skip to main page content
Skip to search
Skip to topics menu
Skip to common links




 
 







HHS
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

 




  U.S. Food and Drug Administration

 
 




A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español


 




Search FDA


Submit search














 
 
 
 










Safety







 en Español


 

 






Home

Safety

Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts











Company Announcement
		When a company announces a recall, market withdrawal, or safety alert, the FDA posts the company's announcement as a public service. FDA does not endorse either the product or the company.
Phil-Am Trading, Inc. Recalls Phil-Am Smoked Mackerel (Hasa-Hasa) Because of Possible Health Risk





Share


Tweet


Linkedin


Pin it


More sharing options


Linkedin


Pin it




Email


Print









For Immediate Release


December 3, 2016






Contact




Consumers
            Phil-Am Trading, Inc.
 201-420-8595










Announcement


View Product Photos




Phil-am Trading, Inc. of Jersey City, NJ is recalling Phil-am Smoked Mackerel (Hasa-Hasa), because  it has the potential to be contaminated with Clostridium botulinum, a bacterium which can cause life-threatening  illness or death. Consumers are warned not to use the product even if it does not  look or smell spoiled.
Botulism, a potentially fatal form of food poisoning, can  cause the following symptoms: general weakness, dizziness, double-vision and trouble  with speaking or swallowing. Difficulty in breathing, weakness of other muscles,  abdominal distension and constipation may also be common symptoms. People experiencing  these problems should seek immediate medical attention.
Phil-am Smoked Mackerel (Hasa-Hasa)  was  distributed in New Jersey, New York, Georgia  and Pennsylvania.
Phil-am Smoked Mackerel (Hasa-Hasa) comes in 200 g. (7.05  oz) packs and is packaged in a clear flexible plastic pouch and is topped by a predominantly  red tag affixed to the top seal which has the product’s information. Its UPC code  is 814487015147, and the product was distributed to stores  between February and November 2016. Stores will be notified of their receipt of  product and will be provided with recall instructions. 
NYSDAM laboratory and sampling analysis revealed that the  product is uneviscerated.
No illnesses have been reported to date.
Consumers who have purchased Phil-am Smoked Mackerel (Hasa-Hasa) are urged to not consume it, and  return it to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may  contact Phil-Am Trading, Inc. at 201-420-8595, Monday through Friday from 9:00 am  to 5:00 pm (EST).
###



 









Follow FDA



Follow @US_FDA on Twitter 

Follow FDA on Facebook 

Follow @FDArecalls on Twitter 

Recent Recalled Product Photos on FDA's Flickr Photostream 



 
 

 





Product Photos




















More in Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts

Archive for Recalls, Market Withdrawals & Safety Alerts
2017
2016
2015

Enforcement Reports
Pending Recalls
Archived Enforcement Reports

Industry Guidance

Major Product Recalls
DKH Cheese Recalls (Listeria monocytogenes contamination)
Frozen vegetable products (Listeria monocytogenes)
Industry Resources for Recalls
Undeclared Peanut (from Cumin Ingredient) Recalls
Sunland Nut and Seed Product Recalls

 














	Page Last Updated: 12/05/2016


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English






 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Polymer Products Phil. Inc | 2017 Seminars, Training, Workshops and other Events in the Philippines























































 






















Facebook





Twitter





Google+





LinkedIn




Login or Register




Login
Register





Username or Email Address



Password









 



Username



Email




Free 0 PHP
Freemium 0 PHP











Please fill out all registration fields

























1+


There are multiple events in this location












Polymer Products Phil. Inc

The introduction and subsequent education of polyester resin with its numerous applications and uses were the foremost thrusts of Polymer Products (Phil.) Inc. when it started operations in 1959. Fiberglass boats, panels, corrugated sheets (sky light), chairs and polyester putty used as body filler, were the initial end-uses of polyester resin manufactured by Polymer. After a few years of constant improvement in manufacturing techniques through research, Polymer gradually became a supplier to serve the growing needs of customers using polyester resin in the manufacture of fiberglass reinforced plastic (FRP) products, Vital to the growth of new enterprises in the FRP industry were the re-packaged items of Polymer. Through this plan, Polymer was able to satisfy the needs not only of established businesses but also of fledging companies. Through the decades, Polymer has continued its research into the now more-known industry of FRP, and has consequently expanded into the other industries requiring polyester resin. In the process, it has broadened its product line to include materials and equipment complementary to polyester resin. Today, Polymer offers the most complete line of materials and equipment in the use of polyester resin and serves a range of industries such as FRP, handicrafts, lamination, marble…


National Capital Region





Other

















Cagayan De OroMetro CebuMetro DavaoMindanaoNational Capital RegionNorthern LuzonSouthern LuzonVisayas







 
 
 






Search



















1+


There are multiple events in this location














Load more
No more events












Polymer Products Phil. Inc




















Follow &
share us


















Address and Contact





Joe Borris St, Pasig, Metro Manila, Philippines 1600



GPS: 
							14.570801, 121.073481
							











Telephone: +632 6719837 to 39

Fax: +632 6712759


Mobile: +639189167430





info@premiumseminars.com



http://www.polymerprod.com




Contact Organizer


Contact Organizer
















Send Message


Owner has been contacted
Input fields contain invalid values
Server encountered an error, if the problem remains, contact the page administrator










Social Networks








Tweet

























The introduction and subsequent education of polyester resin with its numerous applications and uses were the foremost thrusts of Polymer Products (Phil.) Inc. when it started operations in 1959. Fiberglass boats, panels, corrugated sheets (sky light), chairs and polyester putty used as body filler, were the initial end-uses of polyester resin manufactured by Polymer.
After a few years of constant improvement in manufacturing techniques through research, Polymer gradually became a supplier to serve the growing needs of customers using polyester resin in the manufacture of fiberglass reinforced plastic (FRP) products, Vital to the growth of new enterprises in the FRP industry were the re-packaged items of Polymer. Through this plan, Polymer was able to satisfy the needs not only of established businesses but also of fledging companies.
Through the decades, Polymer has continued its research into the now more-known industry of FRP, and has consequently expanded into the other industries requiring polyester resin. In the process, it has broadened its product line to include materials and equipment complementary to polyester resin.
Today, Polymer offers the most complete line of materials and equipment in the use of polyester resin and serves a range of industries such as FRP, handicrafts, lamination, marble and stonecraft.

Offered Services
Pioneering in Fiberglass Reinforced Plastics, Polymer Products, Inc. has been serving the market for over 50 years with a complete range of products for the FRP, Construction, and Cleaning industries.
We carry resins ( 100% iso and ortho polyester, vinylester, epoxy), all types of fiberglass (CSM, WR, WCL, FW, CS, tissue/veil), Carbon Fiber, auxiliaries, colorants (toner, dyes), gel coaters, tools (grinder, mask, discs, etc), sandwich cores (honeycomb, PU foam, coremat) PVA glue.For construction and retrofitting: Carbon Fiber Uni-Directional (CF UD), infrastructure, crack repair, and putty epoxies, Alkali-Resistant glass (ARG) mesh and chopped strands, Micro mix lightweight filler, Plaster of Paris, Styo-skin, Inspecta Shield water based fire retardant
For Cleaning: we are the authorized distributor of NSS USA cleaning equipment (polishers, burnishers, carpet extractors, back pack vacuums, wet/dry vacuums, automatic scrubbers, etc).
We have a complete range of cleaning chemicals: wax stripper, floor waxes, floor sealers, all-purpose cleaner, marble restorer, dish washing liquid, fabric softener, Anti-static wax, Green cleaners







Events



1
				Upcoming Events
	




Sort by

Creation Date
Title
Event Date




















24
August



Basic Seminar on Fiberglass and Polyester Resin
Details POLYMER PRODUCTS (PHIL), INC. will be conducting a hands-on training for Basic Course on Polyester Resin and Fiberglass.  This seminar will discuss the basics in fiberglass making, encapsulation, lamination, stained glass, souvenir & novelty items, figurine casting, flat & corrugated sheets, and  marble. Outline fiberglass making, encapsulation, lamination, stained glass, souvenir & novelty items, figurine casting, flat & corrugated sheets, and  marble.


National Capital Region





ENGINEERING





More info


Loading…








Are You The Owner Of This Listing? 
Claim it now and promote your event with us! Just click the button below. If you wish to remove your listing, please contact us so we can immediately attend to your request.

Claim Listing



Are You The Owner Of This Listing? 














Captcha











											Server encountered an error, please try again later										

											Captcha failed to verify										

















Comments



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name * 
Email * 
Website 



Comment  

 























































  
    Polymer Products (Phil.) Inc.
    Showroom :

  CompositesWorld




















































Go





















 ☰ 
⌕




















Polymer Products (Phil.) Inc.
Distributor of unsaturated polyester, vinyl ester and epoxy resins, polyester auxiliaries (styrene monomer, cobalt accelerators, MEKP hardeners, fire-retardants), fillers, all fiberglass types, colorants, additives, tools, fillers, carbon and Kevlar cloth. 















                                    11 Joe Borris St. Bagong Ilog

                                    Pasig City, 
 
                                            1600 
                                                PH




View Products





Connect




                            Visit Company Website





                                       +632-671-9837




Contact
    
                        


















































Product Categories of
                        Polymer Products (Phil.) Inc.





                                 Abrasive papers                                              
                        

                                 Alumina trihydrate                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Aramid, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Aramid/glass hybrid, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Brushes                                              
                        

                                 Calcium carbonate                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Other                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Other                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Carbon, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/aramid hybrid, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Braided                                              
                        



                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Other                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Carbon/glass hybrid, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Catalyst dispensers                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Other                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Other                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Ceramic, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Braided                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Other                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Other                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Twill                                              
                        

                                 C-glass, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Chemical-/corrosion-resistant                                              
                        

                                 Choppers                                              
                        

                                 Clay, modeling                                              
                        

                                 Cleaners, solvents                                              
                        

                                 Cobalt naphthenate                                              
                        

                                 Colorant, pigments                                              
                        

                                 Cyanoacrylate, Solvent-based                                              
                        

                                 Decorative                                              
                        

                                 Education/Training                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Braided                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Other                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Other                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Twill                                              
                        

                                 E-Glass, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Epoxy, Solvent-based                                              
                        

                                 Flame retardant                                              
                        

                                 Flame/smoke-suppressant additives                                              
                        



                                 Foam core, other                                              
                        

                                 Foam core, polyurethane                                              
                        

                                 General-purpose                                              
                        

                                 Gypsum                                              
                        

                                 Hand layup tools (cutters, rollers, scissors, etc.)                                              
                        

                                 Hardeners                                              
                        

                                 Initiators                                              
                        

                                 Laminate thickness gauges                                              
                        

                                 Marine                                              
                        

                                 Metal, aluminum                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Other                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Metallized, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Microspheres                                              
                        

                                 Milled glass fiber                                              
                        

                                 Mixers                                              
                        

                                 Mold polishes                                              
                        

                                 Mold release films                                              
                        

                                 Mold releases, internal                                              
                        

                                 Mold releases, liquid external                                              
                        

                                 Mold releases, waxes                                              
                        

                                 Mold strippers                                              
                        

                                 Other casting resins                                              
                        

                                 Other fillers                                              
                        

                                 Other, 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Other, 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Other, 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Other, Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Other, Braided                                              
                        

                                 Other, Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Other, Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Other, Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Other, Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Other, Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Other, Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Other, Other                                              
                        

                                 Other, Other                                              
                        

                                 Other, Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Other, Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Other, Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Other, Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Other, Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Other, Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Other, Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Other, Twill                                              
                        

                                 Other, Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Peroxides                                              
                        

                                 Repair services, composites                                              
                        

                                 Rollers                                              
                        

                                 Silica                                              
                        

                                 Solid surface                                              
                        

                                 Spray guns                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), 4-harness (crowsfoot)                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), 5-harness                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), 8-harness                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Basket-weave                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Braided                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Combination woven roving & chopped strand mat                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Mat, chopped strand                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Mat, continuous strand                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Milled fibers                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Multiaxial                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Other                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Other                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Plain-weave                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Roving, gun                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Roving, multi-end                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Roving, panel                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Roving, single-end direct                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Stitched (knitted, nonwoven)                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Surfacing veil                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Twill                                              
                        

                                 Structural high-strength glass (S- and R-type), Woven roving                                              
                        

                                 Styrene monomer (diluent)                                              
                        

                                 Styrene-suppressant additives                                              
                        

                                 Surfacing veils                                              
                        

                                 Talc                                              
                        

                                 Thickening agents                                              
                        

                                 Tissues                                              
                        

                                 Unsaturated polyester                                              
                        

                                 Unsaturated polyester, bisphenol A fumerate                                              
                        

                                 Unsaturated polyester, fire-retardant                                              
                        

                                 Unsaturated polyester, isophthalic                                              
                        

                                 Unsaturated polyester, orthophthalic                                              
                        

                                 UV stabilizers                                              
                        

                                 Vinyl ester                                              
                        

                                 Viscosity control agents                                              
                        






















































Zones
Blog
Magazine
SourceBook

Products
Events
News
Webinars






SITE MAP
Subscribe
Contact
About CW
Advertise


Social Media

  
      YouTube

  
      Twitter

  
      Facebook






Channel Partners

• Plastics Technology Magazine  
            
• Modern Machine Shop Magazine  
            
• MoldMaking Technology Magazine  
            
• Additive Manufacturing Magazine  
            



    Copyright © Gardner Business Media, Inc. 2017 
  All rights reserved.







Phil Mauer & Associates Inc. » Products

 



























Home
About
Services
Products
Jobs
Contact

Plant 1
Plant 2


 








 

Custom Containers 
Bins / Baskets 
Die Carts 
Pallets / Skids 
Expendables 
Dollies 
Tilt Stands & Tables 
Racking 
Plastic Totes & Skids 
Drop Bottom Bins & Bin Stands 
Locks 




Products







Home | About | Services | Products | Contact
Copyright © 2013, Phil Mauer & Associates. All rights reserved. Site by Blackcat Concepts




	     
    














R10-103 Polyester Resin - Polymer Products (PHIL.) INC.




































































Home
About Us
Products
Videos
Trainings and Events
Store Location
Contact Us
 





 



























info@polymerprod.com
11 Joe Borris St.,Bagong Ilog, Pasig City




Tel Nos.
:
(+632) 671-9837 to 39(+632) 671-2273 to 74



Mobile No
:
(+63) 918 9167430



Fax Nos
:
(+632) 671-2759, 672-0786




















Products












Carbon Fiber


Resin and Fiberglass


Cleaning Materials and Equipment






Chemical Resistant Resin
Epoxy Resin
Polyester Resin
Gel-Kotes and Colorants
Polyester Special Blends
Fiberglass Reinforcement
Specialty Fabrics
Core / Sandwich Materials
Polyester Resin Auxillaries
Mold Cleaning, Release Agents and Polishers
Fillers, Extenders and Additives
Polypatch Body Filler
Solvent and Industrial Chemicals
Surface Treatments
Glues and Adhesives
Laminating Film
RTV Mould
FRP Equipment
Vacuum Bagging Materials
Tools
FAQ





info@polymerprod.com
11 Joe Borris St.,
Bagong Ilog, Pasig City





Tel Nos.
:
(632) 671-9837-39(632) 671-2773-74 



Mobile Nos.
:
(0918) 916 7430(0917) 5527163



Fax No.
:
(632) 671-2759












R10-103 Polyester Resin
Polyester Resin

A  general purpose,semi flexible polyester resin used primarily with fiberglass reinforcements, to make Glass reinforced plastic products which require some resiliency for greater toughness and impact resistance such as boats,car bodies,tanks,etc. It is also used for fiberglass cladding for strong structural repairs on wood,metal or fiberglass. And when mixed with fillers, it can be used for filling cracks, gaps and fractures.






Raw Material
R10-103
Is a general purpose, semi flexible polyester resin used primarily with fiberglass reinforcements, to make Glass reinforced plastic products which require some resiliency for greater toughness and impact resistance such as boats,car bodies,tanks,etc. It is also used for fiberglass cladding for strong structural repairs on wood,metal or fiberglass. And when mixed with fillers, it can be used for filling cracks, gaps and fractures.









Related Products



 
Carbon Fiber Unidirectional
It is used for reinforcement bending shear, structures, building structures,...
View Product





 
Polyester Resins
Product   Resin Type 31-006   General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic,...
View Product





 
Polygloss
Two part polyester-epoxy resin liquid that dries to a tough,...
View Product












Polymer Products, Copyright 2015. All Rights Reserved
Web Design,Web Hosting and SEO by: iConcept Philippines

























Polyester Resins - Polymer Products (PHIL.) INC.


































































Home
About Us
Products
Videos
Trainings and Events
Store Location
Contact Us
 





 



























info@polymerprod.com
11 Joe Borris St.,Bagong Ilog, Pasig City




Tel Nos.
:
(+632) 671-9837 to 39(+632) 671-2273 to 74



Mobile No
:
(+63) 918 9167430



Fax Nos
:
(+632) 671-2759, 672-0786




















Products












Carbon Fiber


Resin and Fiberglass


Cleaning Materials and Equipment






Chemical Resistant Resin
Epoxy Resin
Polyester Resin
Gel-Kotes and Colorants
Polyester Special Blends
Fiberglass Reinforcement
Specialty Fabrics
Core / Sandwich Materials
Polyester Resin Auxillaries
Mold Cleaning, Release Agents and Polishers
Fillers, Extenders and Additives
Polypatch Body Filler
Solvent and Industrial Chemicals
Surface Treatments
Glues and Adhesives
Laminating Film
RTV Mould
FRP Equipment
Vacuum Bagging Materials
Tools
FAQ





info@polymerprod.com
11 Joe Borris St.,
Bagong Ilog, Pasig City





Tel Nos.
:
(632) 671-9837-39(632) 671-2773-74 



Mobile Nos.
:
(0918) 916 7430(0917) 5527163



Fax No.
:
(632) 671-2759











Polyester Resins
Polyester Resin




Product
  Resin Type


31-006
  General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic, Standard gel


31-200
  General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic, Fast gel


31-832
  General Purpose- Flexible Orthophthalic


31-304
  Chemical Resistant- Bisphenol


31-441
  Gel Coat. Scratch and Chemical Resistant- 100% Isophthalic with Neo-Pentyl Glycol (NPG)


31-441T
  Gel Coat. Scratch and Chemical Resistant- 100% Isophthalic with NPG, Thixotropic (anti-sag)


Epoxy
  Laminating Epoxy in set A & B


RF 1001
  Chemical Resistant- Vinylester resin














Product
  Resin Type


32-037FGP
  Clear Cast- Encapsulation


R10-03
  General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic (FRP)


R10-03T**
  General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic, Thixo (FRP)


R10-60
  General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic (Lamination)


R10-103
  General Purpose- Semi-flexible Orthophthalic (FRP)


R10-103T**
  General Purpose- Semi-flexible Orthophthalic, Thixo (FRP)


R10-07T**
  General Purpose- Rigid Orthophthalic, Thixo (Grout, Marble)


R10-107T**
  General Purpose- Semi-flexible Orthophthalic, Thixo (Grout, Marble)


R10-33T
  Chemical Resistant, Bisphenol, Thixo (Corrosion Resistance)


R10-500
  General Purpose – Rigid , Promoted, Economical


R10-600
  General Purpose – Semi-flexible, Promoted, Economical


CR10-690
  Tooling Gelcoat- Tough, low shrinkage, high tolerance


CR10-590
  Tooling Resin- Tough, low shrinkage, high tolerance






**MIX ONLY UPON ORDER. CHECK FOR AVAILABILITY OF STOCK.






WE ALSO OFFER:






1. Customized Resin with Ultraviolet Stabilizer


2. Customized Resin with Fire Retardant















Related Products



 
Americo Burnishing Pad Beige, White (800 to 1500 Rpm)
Special 27 Inch Diameter
View Product





 
Wedges
Use these durable, flexible tools to produce easiest extraction of...
View Product





 
Designer Cloth
Remarkably similar in look to the original Carbon Fiber- great...
View Product












Polymer Products, Copyright 2015. All Rights Reserved
Web Design,Web Hosting and SEO by: iConcept Philippines




























Products  |  Simpson's Phil. Inc.































































Home
About

Company History


Products

Eaton
Peco Facet
PMI
Lakos
STF-Filtros


Partners
News
Contact Us







Leader in Providing Filtration Solutions






 
Products

Eaton

EATON’S FILTRATION is a global technology leader in power management solutions that make electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power operate more efficiently, reliably, safely and sustainably.
VIEW PRODUCTS


PecoFacet

In an ever-changing world, PecoFacet serves a diverse group of markets, each with its own particular demands, designing and manufacturing innovative products that not only solve problems, but also exceed expectations.
VIEW PRODUCTS


STF Filtros

STF-Filtros is a company committed to meet the demands in different sectors that require technical solutions for fluids treatment. STF-Filtros Worldwide is a leader in filtration systems for industrial, irrigation and municipal application worldwide.
VIEW PRODUCTS


Lakos

Featuring innovative and adaptable solutions for specific filtration problems for over 40 years, LAKOS Separators and Filtration Solutions has become a world leader. A worldwide network of technically trained distributors extends the company’s reach, with applications around the globe.
VIEW PRODUCTS


PMI

PMI is a specialist provider of technology solutions in filtration and mixing technology.
VIEW PRODUCTS







 MAIN OFFICE:
410 D Lucas Cuadra Street, Sta. Quiteria, Caloocan City, 1402
Tel Nos.: (632) 983-7572   |   (632) 983-7546
Email: info@simpsonsphil.com
 Follow us: 
© 2014 Simpson’s Phil., inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 






                
            
            
                                
            Menu                
                        
        
Home
About

Company History


Products

Eaton
Peco Facet
PMI
Lakos
STF-Filtros


Partners
News
Contact Us














