
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Kathryn Phillips | Sevier Phillips & Associates | ZoomInfo.com










 




Kathryn Sevier Phillips: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:41 AM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of AAC Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kathryn Sevier Phillips  Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel & Secretary, AAC Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.46--As of Fiscal Year 2015
Background

		Ms. Kathryn Sevier Phillips has been Chief Legal Officer at AAC Holdings, Inc. since August 11, 2016. Ms. Phillips has been the General Counsel and Secretary at AAC Holdings, Inc. since December 2013. Ms. Phillips has been Secretary and General Counsel at American Addiction Centers, Inc. since 2013. From 2004 to 2008, Ms. Phillips was General Counsel and Secretary of National Renal Alliance, LLC, a national renal disease management and dialysis provider, where Ms. Phillips ... served as the chief legal and government affairs officer. From 1995 to 1998, Ms. Phillips practiced with the law firm of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC. Ms. Phillips practiced with the law firm of Stites & Harbison PLLC. From 2009 to 2013, Ms. Phillips served as Managing Partner of Sevier Phillips & Associates, a legal, compliance and political consulting practice focused primarily on healthcare clients. From 1999 to 2004, In 1999, Ms. Phillips served as General Counsel for Alexander for President, the presidential campaign of Senator Lamar Alexander. Ms. Phillips holds JD from Harvard Law School, Master of Education from Harvard Graduate School of Education and Undergraduate degree from Auburn University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
200 Powell PlaceBrentwood, Tennessee 37027United StatesPhone: 615-732-1231Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
Bachelor's Degree Auburn UniversityMaster's Degree Harvard Graduate School of EducationJD Harvard Law School
Other Affiliations
Auburn UniversityHarvard Graduate School of EducationHarvard Law SchoolNational Renal Alliance, LLCAmerican Addiction Centers, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJoey A. Jacobs Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerAcadia Healthcare Company, Inc.$1.1MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AAC Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Kathryn Sevier Phillips - Brentwood, TN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kathryn Sevier Phillips in Brentwood, TN


Kathryn Sevier Phillips

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kathryn Sevier Phillips  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Brentwood, TN.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Nancy K Sevier
Kathryn K Sevier


Get Report Now

Age

Kathryn Sevier Phillips is in her 40s

Kathryn Has Lived In

Brentwood, TN
Nashville, TN
Louisville, KY

Kathryn's Relatives

Ilma Sevier
Rollins Sevier
Kevin Phillips
J Sevier







Kathryn Sevier Phillips



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderFemale



Professional Status
General Counsel and Secretary at American Addiction Centers Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kathryn? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kathryn, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kathryn Sevier Phillips
Get a Criminal Check on Kathryn Sevier Phillips
Get a Public Record Report on Kathryn Sevier Phillips
Get a People Search Report on Kathryn Sevier Phillips


Kathryn Sevier Phillips's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kathryn Sevier Phillips has lived as well as Kathryn Sevier Phillips's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kathryn Sevier Phillips Has Lived in 2 States
Tennessee Address for Kathryn Sevier Phillips


200 P***** P* 

Brentwood, TN


Has Lived In

Brentwood, TN
Nashville, TN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kathryn Sevier Phillips

(615) ***-**** - Brentwood, TN 
(615) ***-****
(615) ***-**** - Franklin, TN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kathryn Sevier Phillips



Get Email Report




Kathryn Sevier Phillips's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kathryn Sevier Phillips's academic history.  Find out which schools Kathryn Sevier Phillips attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kathryn Sevier Phillips received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kathryn Sevier Phillips Has Attended 3 Schools
Harvard Graduate School of Education 
Harvard Law School                                             
Auburn University                                             


Kathryn Sevier Phillips's Professional Information
Information regarding Kathryn Sevier Phillips's professional history.  Find out previous places Kathryn Sevier Phillips has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kathryn Sevier Phillips Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: American Addiction Centers Inc
               Title: General Counsel and Secretary
Company: Stites & Harbison PLLC
               Title: Attorney In the Nashville Office
Kathryn Sevier Phillips's Experience
Title: General Counsel and Secretary
               Company: American Addiction Centers Inc
Job Details
               American Addiction Centers is a leading provider of inpatient and outpatient substance abuse treatment services. We treat clients who are struggling with drug addiction, alcohol addiction, and co-occurring mental/behavioral health issues. We currently operate substance abuse treatment facilities located throughout the United States. These facilities are focused on delivering effective clinical care and treatment solutions.
Title: Attorney In the Nashville Office
               Company: Stites & Harbison PLLC
Job Details
               Stites & Harbison, PLLC, is a leading, full-service business and litigation firm with approximately 240 attorneys in nine offices in five states - Kentucky, Georgia, Indiana, Tennessee and Virginia. Tracing its origins to 1832, Stites & Harbison is one of the oldest law practices in the nation and among the largest law firms in the Southeast.
Additional Professional Information on Kathryn Sevier Phillips

 See Kathryn Sevier Phillips's LinkedIn Profile



Kathryn Sevier Phillips's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kathryn Sevier Phillips


Kathryn Sevier Phillips's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kathryn Sevier Phillips's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kathryn Phillips
Username Matches

                  KathrynPhillips
                  PhillipsKathryn
                  Kathryn.Phillips
                  Phillips.Kathryn
                  Kathryn_Phillips
                  Phillips_Kathryn
                  Kathryn-Phillips
                  Phillips-Kathryn
                  KPhillips
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Phillips







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Kathryn Phillips, Aac Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Kathryn Phillips

CLO/Secretary/General Counsel,
Aac Holdings Inc






Career History




CLO/Secretary/General Counsel
Aac Holdings Inc, 2016-PRESENT


Secretary/General Counsel
Aac Holdings Inc, 12/2013-2016


Secretary/General Counsel
National Renal Alliance LLC, 2004-2008


Chief Legal & Government Affairs Ofcr
National Renal Alliance LLC, 1999-2004


Show More









Website:
www.americanaddictioncenters.org






Corporate Information
Address:

200 Powell Place
Brentwood, TN 37027
United States


Phone:
1-615-732-1231


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.americanaddictioncenters.org











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Auburn University
Graduated








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Kathryn Sevier Phillips - General Counsel & Secretary at American Addiction Centers, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Kathryn Sevier Phillips
General Counsel & Secretary at American Addiction Centers, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Kathryn Sevier Phillips
General Counsel & Secretary at American Addiction Centers, Inc.



 Overview



Age



46
                                  (Born 1971)
                                              




Notable Companies


Aac Holdings, Inc.

American Addiction Centers, Inc.

National Renal Alliance LLC




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 34 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Michael T. Cartwright

Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of the Board at Aac Holdings, Inc.




Kirk R. Manz

Chief Financial Officer at Aac Holdings, Inc.





Jerrod N. Menz

Managing Member at Member Assistance Solutions LLC




Candance A. Henderson-Grice

Former Chief Operating Officer at Aac Holdings, Inc.





Andrew W. McWilliams

Chief Accounting Officer at Aac Holdings, Inc.




Michael J. Blackburn

Senior Vice President-Business Development at Aac Holdings, Inc.





Howard Iii Lamar

Member (Attorney) at Bass, Berry & Sims PLC




Laura R. Brothers

Member (Attorney) at Bass, Berry & Sims PLC





Peter Letendre

Chief Executive Officer & Clinical Director-Rhode Island Operations at American Addiction Centers, Inc.




Kimberly Ramsey

Director-Marketing & Strategic Development at National Renal Alliance LLC







See 24 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 24 More 


 


 Paths to Kathryn Sevier Phillips



            Kathryn Sevier Phillips          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Kathryn Sevier Phillips






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Kathryn Sevier Phillips.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Auburn University

                  Auburn University (AU or Auburn) is a public university located in Auburn, Alabama, United States. With more than 25,000 students and 1,200 faculty members, it is one of the largest universities in the state. Auburn was chartered on February 7, 1856, as the East Alabama Male College, a private liberal arts school affiliated with the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. In 1872, the college became the state's first public land-grant university under the Morrill Act and was renamed the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Alabama. In 1892, the college became the first four-year coeducational school in the state. The curriculum at the university originally focused on arts and agriculture. This trend changed under the guidance of Dr. William Leroy Broun, who taught classics and sciences and believed both disciplines were important in the overall growth of the university and the individual. The college was renamed the Alabama Polytechnic Institute (API) in 1899, largely because of Dr. Broun’s influence. The college continued expanding, and in 1960 its name was officially changed to Auburn University to acknowledge the varied academic programs and larger curriculum of a major university. In 1964, under Federal Court mandate AU admitted its first African American Student. It had been popularly known as "Auburn" for many years. Auburn is among the few American universities designated as a land-grant, sea-grant, and space-grant research center.                




 


Harvard University - Harvard Law School

                  Harvard Law School offers an energetic and creative learning environment, a diverse and dedicated faculty—whose expertise spans a broad array of legal subjects—and a student body that comes from every state in the U.S. and more than 70 countries around the world.

Approximately 1,900 students attend HLS each year: 1,680 J.D. students, 160 LL.M. students, and 50 S.J.D. candidates. The faculty includes more than 100 full-time professors and more than 150 visiting professors, lecturers on law, and instructors. The curriculum features more than 260 courses and seminars that cover a broad range of traditional and emerging legal fields.

A Harvard Law education prepares students for success in law practice, business, public service, teaching, and more. Most HLS students are pursuing a J.D. (Juris Doctor) degree, while many others are earning an LL.M. (Master of Laws) or the S.J.D. (Doctor of Juridical Science). Harvard Law School also offers many joint degree programs, coordinated programs, and concurrent degree opportunities with other schools within Harvard University. The Law School community is also home to numerous research programs and engaging publications, including books, scholarly periodicals, newsletters, and a weekly student newspaper.                




 


Harvard University - Graduate School of Education

                  The Harvard Graduate School of Education (HGSE) is one of the graduate schools of Harvard University, and is one of the top schools of education in the United States. It was founded in 1920, the same year it invented the Ed.D. degree.

It offers two doctoral programs—the Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) and the Doctor of Educational Leadership (Ed.L.D.)—and thirteen masters programs. These include Arts in Education, Education Policy and Management, Higher Education, International Education Policy, Special Studies, Technology Innovation and Education, Teacher Education, Mind, Brain and Education, Prevention Science and Practice, School Leadership, Human Development and Psychology, Language and Literacy, and Learning and Teaching. HGSE will supplant the Ed.D. with the Ph.D. degree beginning in fall 2014.                





 Career History



Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel & Secretary

                                    2013 - Current                


Aac Holdings, Inc.


                  AAC Holdings, Inc. engages in the provision of rehabilitation operation. It offers inpatient substance abuse treatment services among individual with drugs and alcohol addiction. It provides detoxification, residential treatment, partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient care. The company was founded on February 12, 2014 and is headquartered in Brentwood, TN.                




General Counsel & Secretary

                                    2012 - Current                


American Addiction Centers, Inc.


                  American Addiction Centers, Inc. operates rehabilitation facilities. It offers treatment services which include adult addiction treatment programs, dual diagnosis treatment curriculum. The company was founded by Michael T. Cartwright on February 27, 2007 and is headquartered in Brentwood, TN.                




Secretary & General Counsel

                                    2004 - 2008                


National Renal Alliance LLC


                  National Renal Alliance LLC provides dialysis services. The firm offers treatment for chronic & acute renal diseases, and provides outpatient dialysis clinics as well as other health care services. The company was founded by Joseph A. Cashia in 2002 and is headquartered in Franklin, TN.                





 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2007                


Marsha Blackburn


                  Representative from Tennessee's 7th Congressional District                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Aac Holdings, Inc. issued Common Stock                                  




 Details Hidden



                  American Addiction Centers, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Kathryn Sevier Phillips is affiliated with
                            Aac Holdings, Inc., American Addiction Centers, Inc., National Renal Alliance LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤














Kathryn Sevier Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



















