



Phillips Financial | 50 years of experience serving clients in Northeast Indiana





Phillips Financial – 50 years of experience serving clients in Northeast Indiana



















































 
 






CAREFUL CONVERSATIONSWe help individuals, families and
business owners to be contemplative 
about their planning choices.PLAY IT FORWARDSee and feel the future impact 
of your decisions before you’re 
asked to make them.KEEPERS OF CONTENTA variety of disciplines collaborate 
at a common table. You hear only 
the singular voice of consensus. ALL FEE CARDS FACE UPA chance to know and understand
what you’re paying and why.

CAREFUL CONVERSATIONS
We help individuals, families and business
owners to be contemplative about their
planning choices.PLAY IT FORWARD
See and feel the future impact  
of your decisions before you’re  
asked to make them.KEEPERS OF CONTENT
A variety of disciplines collaborate  
at a common table. You hear only  
the singular voice of consensus. ALL FEE CARDS FACE UP
A chance to know and understand
what you’re paying and why.


Our Services

FINANCIAL PLANNING
True financial planning also includes collecting your many types of assets, and integrating them into a common set of financial projections.
< LEARN MORE >
ASSET MANAGEMENT
Our proprietary SMART system puts you on a strategic investment path that specifically aligns with the long-term goals and objectives we developed during your Financial Planning phase of our relationship.
< LEARN MORE >
INSURANCE MANAGEMENT
Driven by your priorities, not ours, we evaluate key forms of insurance – long-term care, disability, life and personal insurance such as liability, jewelry or collectibles.
< LEARN MORE >

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
We take a strategic approach in designing your entire suite of employee benefits. We believe a coordinated approach delivers the best outcomes.
< LEARN MORE >
RETIREMENT PLANS
Our focus is on making sure your employees are retirement ready. Employees who are able to retire comfortably when they want to helps improve employers’ bottom line.
< LEARN MORE >
RISK MANAGEMENT
Things happen in life. We help employees recognize those risks and offer solutions to protect against them.
< LEARN MORE >


Since 1949, Phillips Financial has welcomed the quiet spaces in conversation that allow you to find the center point of your own thinking.

Learn more

Get In Touch
Or call:
260.420.7732
NEWSLETTER

 myElement.appendChild( document.createTextNode( '\u00A0' ) ); 
 


Investment




Business


No client or potential client should assume that any information presented or made available on or through this website should be construed as personalized financial planning or investment advice. Personalized financial planning and investment advice can only be rendered after engagement of the firm for services, execution of the required documentation, and receipt of required disclosures. Please contact the firm for further information.

   

 © Phillips Financial, All Rights Reserved. Phillips Financial Management, LLC, DBA Phillips Financial, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor | Disclosure Documents


















Scroll to top







Phillips Financial |   Employee Benefits





Employee Benefits – Phillips Financial












































 
 








EMPLOYEE BENEFITS


EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
RETIREMENT PLANS
RISK MANAGEMENT



Start with Your Strategy
For years businesses have engaged brokers to evaluate, negotiate and implement health coverage for their employees.  While this is still a significant part of what we do for our clients, brokering coverage does little in the way of reducing healthcare costs or creating healthier more engaged employees.  Our team focuses instead on an overarching client strategy, a strategy that guides our actions and investments with the ultimate goal of reducing healthcare costs.
 

 


Regulatory Compliance
We stay current on employee benefit law, ensuring you are informed and empowered to handle issues before they become crises.
Financial & Utilization Risk Management
Our analysis is designed to help you make wise decisions and strategies about your plans based on facts.
Brokerage Transaction
Phillips conducts traditional health and welfare transactions on your behalf, so you can keep your focus on moving forward.
Health Management
We’ll help you identify risks and develop health management initiatives to improve employee health and mitigate costs.
Benefits Administration
We handle administration and critical issues to reduce your liability and increase your team’s focus on your primary business goals.
Communication & Employee Engagement
Phillips comes alongside you, helping you communicate with and educate your employees about their benefits.




Expertise when you need it
Benefit Advisors Network is the premier nationally credentialed network of independent benefit advisory and consulting companies. Through our strategic partnership with BAN, Phillips Financial has expanded our bandwidth and expertise with the addition of several key services. This partnership allows us to offer world-class expertise and service while also keeping overhead and fees as low as possible.
 

 


Wellness: Drive employee morale, health and productivity.
Pharmacy: Boost the quality and cost of prescriptions.
HR Services: Leverage technology to streamline processes.
Legal & Compliance: Navigate healthcare legislation, regulation and reform.
Actuarial Services: Prepare for the financial impact of risky situations.
Captives: Establish reinsurance programs for predictable risks.


   

 © Phillips Financial, All Rights Reserved. Phillips Financial Management, LLC, DBA Phillips Financial, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor | Disclosure Documents


















Scroll to top







Phillips Financial |   MoneyMap





MoneyMap – Phillips Financial












































 
 








MONEYMAP



Click HERE to access your MoneyMAP client portal…
A sophisticated, simple portal that puts your financial data and documents at your virtual fingertips…
MoneyMAP offers secure 24/7 access to your financial information. This includes your investment accounts – managed by Phillips Financial or elsewhere – as well as financial plans, legal documents, tax returns, advanced directives, powers of attorney, real time balance sheets, insurance policies, and even copies of your passports or drivers’ licenses.
It’s a convenient, secure access point for tracking all of your important documents and the status of your total affairs.
Our premise for offering this powerful tool? When clients are in our office for a Careful Conversation, everything seems clear. Our contemplative discussions help you feel highly present about your situation and your choices. Yet, once you walk out the door, it’s easy to forget how we Played it Forward.
At Phillips Financial, our Careful Conversations approach reminds clients that planning is not a one-time or once-a-year project. It’s a continuous cycle of managing life events in context of life opportunities. With your MoneyMAP, you can plug into your financial life easily anytime, or simply rest assured that everything you need to relocate or remember is organized and on hand for you, your family and your advisory team.
This service is provided by eMoney Advisor, an independent service provider.

   

 © Phillips Financial, All Rights Reserved. Phillips Financial Management, LLC, DBA Phillips Financial, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor | Disclosure Documents


















Scroll to top







Phillips Financial |   Business Services





Business Services – Phillips Financial












































 
 








Helping to improve your employees’ health and wealth.


EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
RETIREMENT PLANS
RISK MANAGEMENT
Careful Conversations
As your business grows and changes, your employee benefits need to evolve as well. Unlike the single-discipline model of employee benefit management, where conversations are limited to a single aspect of a larger whole, Phillips Financial has intentionally created a broader model that allows companies to evaluate and administer all disciplines under one advisory roof.
To that end, Phillips Financial crafts Careful Conversations that invite you to consider each aspect of your business’s needs. We guide you to reflect on lingering questions and watch your vision take shape. Together, we contemplate your business, your employees and your life’s work – knowing that seeing the full picture will guide you to the best choice for you.
< LEARN MORE >


Since 1949, Phillips Financial has welcomed the quiet spaces in conversation that allow you to find the center point of your own thinking.


Employee Benefits
We take a strategic approach in designing your entire suite of employee benefits. We believe a coordinated approach delivers the best outcomes.

Learn More
Retirement Plans
Our focus is on making sure your employees are retirement ready. Employees who are able to retire comfortably when they want to helps improve employers’ bottom line.

Learn More
Risk Management
Things happen in life. We help employees recognize those risks and offer solutions to protect against them.

Learn More

Connect with us on


   

 © Phillips Financial, All Rights Reserved. Phillips Financial Management, LLC, DBA Phillips Financial, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor | Disclosure Documents


















Scroll to top







Phillips Financial |   Asset Management





Asset Management – Phillips Financial












































 
 








ASSET MANAGEMENT


FINANCIAL PLANNING
ASSET MANAGMENT
INSURANCE MANAGEMENT
Lots of smart, successful Americans inadvertently invest the Hard Way. The Hard Way is succumbing to the emotional roller coaster of news and neighbors. It’s listening to MSNBC, CNN and Fox News and having your confidence questioned by the catastrophe du jour. It is hearing neighbors and colleagues brag about silver bullet strategies or how best to time the market, and wondering if you should be following in their footsteps.
In the Hard Way, investors find this incoming information to be so arresting or compelling that they can’t help pondering how to reconcile it against their particular situation. They know they shouldn’t make knee-jerk investment changes but they can’t quite dismiss the apparent gravity of it all. On any given day, fear and paralysis can be overwhelming.


The SMART Way
Our proprietary SMART system puts you on a strategic investment path that specifically aligns with the long-term goals and objectives we developed during your Financial Planning phase of our relationship. As the market shifts, the system reconciles your portfolio to your objectives. We essentially make systematic, rational investing decisions through a filter of your judgment – the kind of decisions you would make for yourself if your emotions weren’t being rolled up and down like a yo-yo in play.


Smart Investing Explained




 



   

 © Phillips Financial, All Rights Reserved. Phillips Financial Management, LLC, DBA Phillips Financial, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor | Disclosure Documents


















Scroll to top







Phillips Financial |   Financial Planning





Financial Planning – Phillips Financial












































 
 








FINANCIAL PLANNING


FINANCIAL PLANNING
ASSET MANAGMENT
INSURANCE MANAGEMENT
Many smart consumers aren’t aware there is a profound difference between receiving sound bites of planning advice in the process of getting your investments managed – and the experience of going through an intentional financial planning process. An intentional financial planning process involves deep discussion regarding your aspirations and concerns for the future of your life, your family and your life’s work. These are not questions checked off a shortlist. They are robust conversations that become the landscape for the financial aspects of our working relationship.
True financial planning also includes collecting your many types of assets, and integrating them into a common set of financial projections. Legal, tax and financial disciplines are unavoidably linked through the tax code, the financial markets and the economy. It is not possible to make efficient strategic decisions about your future without evaluating your total picture. With our process – for the first time in most peoples’ lives – they can actually see how their whole financial life comes together.

What’s the difference between a financial product and a financial plan?
Many traditional approaches to planning attempt to separate the family aspects of planning from the financial decisions. Also, the process is treated as a project, suggesting that planning done once can serve the lifetime of the family or business.
At the end of the day, planning is about lives and livelihoods. Planning done well considers the people and the financials together. And the plan itself is cared for consistently over the lifetimes it’s purported to serve.
Download our FREE REPORT:

How to Overcome the Three Dysfunctions of Traditional Planning

Why pay a fee for financial planning?
If you’re promised a financial plan for free, the methodology itself creates more questions than answers. How thorough is your plan if the professionals aren’t being compensated for their time and wisdom? If it isn’t thorough, which elements have been left out and which opportunities were left unexplored? Planning without a fee treats the plan itself as a middle man: an obstacle in the way of a transaction.
In our experience at Phillips Financial, planning fees change the way everyone in the relationship thinks about the relationship. And, how you think about a relationship influences its long-term health and dynamics.
Planning fees signal you and your advisor that it’s time to focus on the plan itself. When an advisory relationship begins with a clear commerce exchange, there’s no smoke and mirrors in play. It sets your clarity as the core objective for the discussions.

What is Fiduciary Duty?
A Fiduciary Duty is a duty to act in another party’s best interests. Parties owing to this duty are called Fiduciaries. They make a professional commitment to disclose and minimize conflicts of interest whenever possible.
Many individuals and families aren’t aware that an advisor’s business model directly affects the standard to which they are held. If the advisor is not a Fiduciary, they can offer you a product, and the product simply needs to be a logical choice based on limited information at a specific point in time. They are not required to look at your bigger picture.


   

 © Phillips Financial, All Rights Reserved. Phillips Financial Management, LLC, DBA Phillips Financial, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor | Disclosure Documents


















Scroll to top



 







Home | Phillips Wealth Management































4449 Easton Way, 2nd Floor, Columbus, OH 43219TEL.855-315-3648Account Access













It Was the Best of Times, It Was the Worst of Times
All about how missing the best market days (or the worst!) might affect your portfolio.
Learn More 


The Cost of Procrastination
Procrastination can be costly. When you get a late start, it may be difficult to make up for lost time.
Learn More 


When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.
Learn More 


Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.
Learn More 












Your Partner for SuccessOur commitment is to help you work towards achieving all your financial goals and to provide you with a “worry free” retirement. At Phillips Wealth Management, LLC, we have a commitment to excellence in everything we do. We consider it an honor and a privilege to help our clients work towards making sound investment decisions that will contribute toward a secure future. We provide impeccable client service to help reduce taxes and protect assets by utilizing numerous investment products and strategies so we can help protect our client’s lifestyle for a lifetime.Contact us to set up a time to discuss your financial planning needs.





Mark PhillipsMark Phillips has achieved a rewarding career in financial services by putting his clients' interests first and providing exceptional personal service.AJ PhillipsAndrew "AJ" Phillips is new to the Wealth Management Industry. AJ was studying Accounting and Business Management at Malone University when he answered the call to serve his country by enlisting in the United States Marine Corps.





Download Your Booklet NowGetting Your Financial House in OrderDownload NowDownload Our Whitepaper401(k) Action StepsGet Access Today





  Serving IndividualsWhether you are investing to build wealth, protect your family, or preserve your assets, we can help take some of the mystery out of preparing for your financial future.Learn More  Business PlanningBusiness owners and professionals face special financial concerns. We offer qualified professional assistance to pursue your objectives.Learn More  Investment StrategiesYou can access your account information anytime, day or night. We encourage you to contact us when you have questions about your portfolio.Learn More








Helpful Content


What to Do When You Lose Your Wallet
Ever lost your wallet? Frustrating. Here’s what you can do to keep yourself safe.



How Does Your Credit Score Compare?
Have you ever wondered how your credit score compares to the rest of the country? Take a look and see.



Options When Your CD Matures
Knowing your options when a CD matures can help you make a sound investment decision.


 





A Primer on Irrevocable Life Insurance Trusts
Irrevocable life insurance trusts can be important tools that may accomplish a number of estate objectives.


Best Vacations: By Car, By Ship, By Foot, Once in a Lifetime
Four vacation destinations you might never have thought of.


Insuring Your Second Home
There are unique risks of owning a second home and obtaining the proper coverage may protect you from financial risk.


How Stocks Work
Understanding how a stock works is key to understanding your investments.


Money Draining Food Myths
These food myths will really put a drain on your wallet.


Building Your Legacy
A four-step framework for building a personal legacy.

View all articles 



Lifetime of Earnings
Estimate how much you have the potential to earn during your working years.


What Is the Dividend Yield?
This calculator helps determine your pre-tax and after-tax dividend yield on a particular stock.


Tax Freedom Day
Assess how many days you'll work to pay your federal tax liability.


Taxable vs. Tax-Deferred Savings
Use this calculator to compare the future value of investments with different tax consequences.


Capital Gains Tax Estimator
Use this calculator to estimate your capital gains tax.


What Is My Current Cash Flow?
Assess whether you are running “in the black” or “in the red” each month.

View all calculators 



Your Cash Flow Statement
A presentation about managing money: using it, saving it, and even getting credit.


Keys to Investing for Retirement
There are some key concepts to understand when investing for retirement


Investment Strategies for Retirement
Investment tools and strategies that can enable you to pursue your retirement goals.


Tax Management Strategies
Learn more about taxes, tax-favored investing, and tax strategies. 


Managing Your Lifestyle
Using smart management to get more of what you want and free up assets to invest.


5 Smart Investing Principles
Principles that can help create a portfolio designed to pursue investment goals.

View all presentations 



The Good Ship IPO
The seas of the market are constantly shifting. Whether the good ship IPO can set sail may depend heavily on the tides.


16 Wall Street Cliches in 60 Seconds
Pundits say a lot of things about the markets. Let's see if you can keep up.


Charitable Giving: Smart from the Heart
Do you have causes that you want to support with donations? Here are three tips.


Should I Invest in Gold?
Learning more about gold and its history may help you decide whether it has a place in your portfolio.


An Arm and a Leg
A visit to the hospital can be painful, for both your body and your wallet. Don’t let it be more painful than it has to be.


Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.

View all videos 





 


Download Our Whitepaper Get Access Today 


 


    


 


Market Summary
The data below reflects the previous day close.

^INX,^OEX,^IXIC,^TNX


^INX
Market data provided by xignite.


 





Get Financial News & Updates Delivered to Your Inbox




Name 

Email 

Sign Up

Thank you!
Error processing your request. Please try again at a later time.



 


Local Weather
43105

































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Phillips Financial Management, Llc Buys iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond, iShares ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Phillips Financial Management, Llc Buys iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond, iShares ...


February 01, 2017, 11:38:02 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Phillips Financial Management, LlcNew Purchases: GVI , MUB , SUB , DCP,Added Positions:VNQ, AGG, IVV, VEA, VCIT, JNK, TIP, SCHZ, LQD, IGE,Reduced Positions:BND, EFA, LNC, VTI, IJS, RWR, GNR, VBR, MGC, VCSH,Sold Out:EPD,For the details of PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=PHILLIPS+FINANCIAL+MANAGEMENT%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLCiShares Core S&P Mid-Cap ( IJH ) - 248,020 shares, 12.74% of the total portfolio.iShares S&P 500 Value ( IVE ) - 344,889 shares, 10.78% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.46%iShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 152,457 shares, 10.64% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.61%iShares Core U.S. Aggregate Bond ( AGG ) - 220,551 shares, 7.32% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.78%iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Value ( IJS ) - 134,712 shares, 5.79% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.11%New Purchase: iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond (SUB)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond. The purchase prices were between $104.59 and $105.93, with an estimated average price of $105.34. The stock is now traded at around $105.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 10,932 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond (GVI)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond. The purchase prices were between $109.06 and $112.63, with an estimated average price of $110.89. The stock is now traded at around $109.69. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 10,424 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: iShares National Muni Bond (MUB)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in iShares National Muni Bond. The purchase prices were between $106.51 and $112.49, with an estimated average price of $109.45. The stock is now traded at around $108.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 10,410 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: DCP Midstream LP (DCP)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in DCP Midstream LP. The purchase prices were between $31.41 and $39.07, with an estimated average price of $34.94. The stock is now traded at around $39.66. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 10,700 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Schwab US Aggregate Bond (SCHZ)Phillips Financial Management, Llc added to the holdings in Schwab US Aggregate Bond by 22.17%. The purchase prices were between $51.18 and $53.5, with an estimated average price of $52.27. The stock is now traded at around $51.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 14,806 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Enterprise Products Partners LP (EPD)Phillips Financial Management, Llc sold out the holdings in Enterprise Products Partners LP. The sale prices were between $24.53 and $27.44, with an estimated average price of $26.05.SCHZ 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SCHZPeter Lynch Chart of SCHZPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        IJH
                                    
, 

                                        IVE
                                    
, 

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        AGG
                                    
, 

                                        IJS
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Aflac Bounces Back as Earnings Growth Returns


						7/27/2017 06:51 PM
					



The Surprising Way Money Can Buy You Happiness


						7/27/2017 06:36 PM
					



Netgear, Inc. Crushes It on Arlo Demand


						7/27/2017 06:33 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





IJH








100%



Rate It





IVE








75%



Rate It





IVV








100%



Rate It





AGG








100%



Rate It





IJS








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































Feb 01, 2017 - Phillips Financial Management, Llc Buys iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond, iShares National Muni Bond, iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond, Sells Enterprise Products Partners LP - GuruFocus.com 


















Feb 01, 2017 - Phillips Financial Management, Llc Buys iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond, iShares National Muni Bond, iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond, Sells Enterprise Products Partners LP - GuruFocus.com Feb 01, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Phillips Financial Management, Llc Buys iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond, iShares National Muni Bond, iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond, Sells Enterprise Products Partners LPFebruary 01, 2017 |  About: 
SCHZ  +0%
SUB  +0%
GVI  +0%
MUB  +0%
DCP  +0%
EPD  +0% 



Fort Wayne, IN, based Investment company Phillips Financial Management, Llc buys iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond, iShares National Muni Bond, iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond, DCP Midstream LP, Schwab US Aggregate Bond, sells Enterprise Products Partners LP during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Phillips Financial Management, Llc. As of 2016-12-31, Phillips Financial Management, Llc owns 54 stocks with a total value of $327 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: GVI, MUB, SUB, DCP, Added Positions: VNQ, AGG, IVV, VEA, VCIT, JNK, TIP, SCHZ, LQD, IGE, Reduced Positions: BND, EFA, LNC, VTI, IJS, RWR, GNR, VBR, MGC, VCSH, Sold Out: EPD, 
SCHZ 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SCHZPeter Lynch Chart of SCHZFor the details of PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=PHILLIPS+FINANCIAL+MANAGEMENT%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLCiShares Core S&P Mid-Cap (IJH) - 248,020 shares, 12.74% of the total portfolio. iShares S&P 500 Value (IVE) - 344,889 shares, 10.78% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 0.46%iShares Core S&P 500 (IVV) - 152,457 shares, 10.64% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 1.61%iShares Core U.S. Aggregate Bond (AGG) - 220,551 shares, 7.32% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 4.78%iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Value (IJS) - 134,712 shares, 5.79% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 1.11%New Purchase: iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond (SUB)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in  iShares Short-Term National Muni Bond.  The purchase prices were between $104.59 and $105.93, with an estimated average price of $105.34.   The stock is now traded at around $105.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 10,932 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond (GVI)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in  iShares Intermediate Government/Credit Bond.  The purchase prices were between $109.06 and $112.63, with an estimated average price of $110.89.   The stock is now traded at around $109.69. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 10,424 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: iShares National Muni Bond (MUB)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in  iShares National Muni Bond.  The purchase prices were between $106.51 and $112.49, with an estimated average price of $109.45.   The stock is now traded at around $108.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 10,410 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: DCP Midstream LP (DCP)Phillips Financial Management, Llc initiated holdings in  DCP Midstream LP.  The purchase prices were between $31.41 and $39.07, with an estimated average price of $34.94.   The stock is now traded at around $39.66. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 10,700 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Schwab US Aggregate Bond (SCHZ)Phillips Financial Management, Llc added to the holdings in  Schwab US Aggregate Bond by 22.17%.  The purchase prices were between $51.18 and $53.5, with an estimated average price of $52.27.   The stock is now traded at around $51.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 14,806 shares as of 2016-12-31. Sold Out: Enterprise Products Partners LP (EPD)Phillips Financial Management, Llc sold out the holdings in  Enterprise Products Partners LP.  The sale prices were between $24.53 and $27.44, with an estimated average price of $26.05. Here is the complete portfolio of PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC. Also check out:
1. PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC's Undervalued Stocks
2. PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, LLC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

bargain_hunterFCF Undervalued Predictablemerknt84my59gebbbLFG EPS Based Value 2ttarantoWalter Schloss(Modified)9gebbbLFG EPS Based ValuedoonichDa big listopadovaniMagicks052557Value Stocks _ROAgjg3000Net with DividendsConnorMAnn % 52

→SCHZ Price Chart





$52.25 (1y: -3%)







Last 5 Quotes


My Portfolio






  Portfolio: Track My Stocks







To view my portfolio


Not a member yet?
Sign up now for a free account







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















Richard Phillips, Phillips Financial Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Richard "Rick" Phillips

CEO/Financial Advisor,
Phillips Financial Management LLC






Career History




CEO/Financial Advisor
Phillips Financial Management LLC, PRESENT







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Depauw University
Bachelor's Degree








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Financial Planner (CFP)









Memberships



Board Memberships




St Joseph Community Health Foundation Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Ymca of Pierce And Kitsap Counties


Board Member, PRESENT




Fort Wayne Zoological Society Inc


Board Member, FORMER



Show More





Other Memberships




Indiana Nature Conservancy 


Board Member




The Chapel Church


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT LLC



Get the Full Report
















 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Overview



												   Phillips Financial Management Llc is an investment advisor that manages 764 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 17 employees, of which 11 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/05 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 413MM in positions, representing 54% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL StockAlpha 
					
					






-1.9%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




IJH
10.18%
ETF
3.5%

-0.2%
0
6%



IVE
8.66%
ETF
2.78%

-0.22%
0
1%





Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Richard L. Phillips
Managing Member
July-2004


Shannon H. Hardiek
Managing Member
July-2004


Chad L. Burch
Managing Member
July-2004


Reed P. Miller
Managing Member
March-2005


Jeanine M. Herold
Managing Member/Chief Compliance Officer
January-2008










 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Investment Strategy


				
					   Item 8. Method of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss  Method of Analysis Investment Selection Process PFM’s  Chief Investment Officer, in conjunction with PFM’s Investment Committee, is responsible for monitoring investment research and initiating discussion on topics that may cause PFM to review its philosophy and strategy.  For example, PFM periodically reviews the asset classes that are included in its model portfolios.  As a result, over the years PFM has added some sub-asset classes for consideration in certain types of portfolios. PFM’s Investment Committee also reviews market and industry trends to determine if any other types of changes should be made to PFM’s strategies.  In general, PFM does not advocate making large changes in the client allocation and rebalancing process because of current market volatility.  However, PFM is conscious of the potential impact of current and projected market conditions on client po...Get the Full Report







 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Location



6920 POINTE INVERNESS WAY								SUITE 230
FORT WAYNE, 
Indiana
UNITED STATES, 
46804








  PHILLIPS FINANCIAL Contact Information



							Phone Number: 260-420-7732
							Fax Number: 260-420-5553
							Website: http://www.1phillips.com









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

PHILLIPS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT LLC FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close
































































About | Plytix

































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























A smart product management hub for retailthat streamlines digital content and data sharing






 





















Our mission
 
We have made it our mission to provide brands and retailers simple and affordable tools that tackle many challenges in digital product management and distribution by:













Solving the practical challenge of organizing, sourcing, and sharing product content.









Giving brands and retailers access to a whole new level of detailed ecommerce data and analytics
















Take control of your products with Plytix
 









Our Story
 
The idea for Plytix evolved from our time at Google, when we were working with some of the biggest companies in the e-commerce space. At the time, technology allowed tracking user behaviour on individual websites, but we wanted to give brands and retailers access to a whole new level of detailed data, bringing them a better understanding of their products through 3rd party product analytics. 
 
Since then Plytix has evolved into an end-to-end product management eco-system where brands and retailers can organize, analyze, and share product content and performance in a user-friendly and efficient way without breaking the bank. 
 




























Our Team
 
We're a diverse, international team passionate about creating extraordinary client experiences and serious about revolutionizing e-commerce. We are growing rapidly and we're always on the look out for smart, driven people to join our team. 
 
Get a closer look on  LinkedIn and Instagram.








Join our team
 See current openings



































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close


























































Contact Us | Plytix

































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























We'd love to talk to youDon't hesitate to reach out with any questions, concerns, or proposals.


























Contact us


















You can also find us at: 
 
  hello@plytix.com
  +00 45 78 75 57 78
  +1 617 906 6105
   Bernhard Bangs Allé 25      2000 Frederiksberg     Denmark
  Camino San Antón 82     29018 Málaga     Spain
 
 





























hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +00 45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close






























































Pricing | Plytix





























































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























Simplified pricing for better product management









Growth Pricing



About how many products are you managing?




Price per month












Product Information Manager
We base our pricing on the number of products you have, not number of users or storage space. Estimate your cost per month using our nifty pricing calculator.   
 
Give it a go!
Try the Plytix PIM free for 30 days:

No credit card required
All features included
Unlimited users








 



















What you get


















Catalog Creation Management
Unlimited custom attributes
Custom product views
Variation handling
Digital asset management
Unlimited users






XML & CSV template builders
Data import mapping
Activity logs
Catalog Print Versions
Catalog download notifications
Progress tracking


























Need a hand during implementation?
We've got you covered. Plytix will help you onboard all your product material. 





















Got a lot of SKUs?

















We know that growth pricing isn't right for everyone. Let us know what your needs are and we'll set you up with a custom quote. 






























hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close































































Plytix - Product Analytics














404
OUCH!
Something went wrong, or that page doesn't exist... yet









