    David Phillips | Elanco Ltd | ZoomInfo.com


























Research Paper: Turkey-ISIS Oil Trade | HuffPost
























































Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close





















A partnership of HuffPost and the 






Research Paper: Turkey-ISIS Oil Trade






By David L. Phillips































Introduction
The sale of oil products by ISIS garners about $500 million/year. The US led multinational coalition has pledged to destroy ISIS. Its strategy includes depriving ISIS of financial support. Allegations abound that Turks are engaged in oil trade with ISIS. Additionally, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are allegedly implicated. Erdogan takes these charges seriously. He promised "to vacate his post of Turkey's presidency if the claims are substantiated by concrete evidence."
The Program on Peace-building and Rights at Columbia University's Institute for the Study of Human Rights appointed a team of researchers in the United States, Europe, and Turkey to investigate the allegations. Researchers focus on secondary media sources. This research paper cites relevant reports. 
Smugglers transport oil using a variety of means, generating significant revenues for ISIS. Smuggled oil finds its way into Turkey's export facilities and onto tankers in Ceyhan bound for international markets. There is no "smoking gun" linking the Government of Turkey or Erdogan directly to ISIS oil sales. It is apparent, however, that Turkey turned a blind eye to ISIS oil trade. Turkey failed to seal its border, facilitating ISIS oil exports. Turks have profited at stages of the supply chain.

Transport Trends
Article: "ISIS Export Gateway to Global Crude Oil Markets" 
Publication: London Shipping Law Centre, Maritime Business Forum
Date: March 12, 2015
George Kiourktsoglou (Visiting Lecturer, University of Greenwich, London) and Dr. Alec D. Coutroubis (Principal Lecturer, University of Greenwich, London) provide the most extensive account of the ISIS oil industry and potential links to Turkey. ISIS began taking over oil fields in late spring 2014. Since then, ISIS has expanded its operations by creating a loosely integrated and thriving underground economy, consisting of approximately sixty percent of Syria's oil assets and seven oil producing facilities in Iraq. 
ISIS has set up an extensive network of middlemen in neighboring territories and countries, with the aim of trading crude oil for cash and in kind. Upon extraction, oil is first lightly refined on site and then a supply-chain network brings it to the market. The supply chain comprises the following localities in Turkey: Sanliura, Urfa, Hakkari, Siirt, Batman, Osmaniya, Gaziantep, Sirnak, Adana, Kahramarmaras, Adiyaman and Mardin. The string of trading hubs ends up in Adana, home to the major tanker shipping port of Ceyhan on the Eastern Mediterranean. The terminal is operated by Botas International Limited (BIL), a Turkish state company. 
The authors examine tanker charter rates, in order to establish transport patterns. They look at the map for crude oil loading terminals that geographically fall within, or border the sphere of ISIS control, over a period of years. They consider deviations in the patters from July 2014, when ISIS started off its smuggling operations, until mid-February 2015. They also consider the integration of ISIS smuggled crude within the global oil markets. A part of ISIS smuggled crude oil is fed into the global oil markets, transported in tankers leaving the port of Ceyhan. 
Whenever the Islamic State is fighting in the vicinity of an area hosting oil assets, the exports from Ceyhan promptly spike. Unusual spikes are found from July 10-21, 2014. This spike coincides with the fall of Syria's largest oil field, Al-Omar, to ISIS. Another spike takes place between the end of October and the end of November 2014. It happens at the same time as fighting between ISIS and the Syrian army over the control of the Jhar and Mahr gas fields, as well as the Hayyan gas company in the east of Homs province. 
The authors believe that there is active shadow network of crude oil smugglers and traders, who channel ISIS crude to southeast Turkey from northeast Syria and northwest Iraq. The illicit supply chain along Route E90 delivers ISIS crude to Ceyhan.

Smuggler Citings
Article: "Despite U.S.-led campaign, ISIS Rakes in Oil Revenue"
Publication: Associated Press
Date: October 23, 2015
The Islamic State takes in up to $50 million a month from selling crude from oilfields under its control in Iraq and Syria. Washington has been talking to regional governments, including Turkey, about its concerns over the export of energy infrastructure into ISIS-controlled territory in Syria (e.g. equipment for extraction, refinement, transport and energy production). ISIS management of its oil fields is "increasingly sophisticated," with assistance from international actors in the region. According to Iraqi intelligence officials, ISIS sells the crude to smugglers who in turn sell to middlemen in Turkey. ISIS is believed to be extracting about 30,000 barrels per day from Syria, smuggled to middlemen in neighboring Turkey. This amount is augmented by up 20,000 barrels per day, mostly from two oilfields outside Mosul. The ISIS "finance ministry" puts at 253 the number of oil wells under ISIS control in Syria. Of these, 161 of them were operational, benefitting from production equipment originating in neighboring countries including Turkey. 
Article: "IŞİD petrolü üç güzergahtan Türkiye'ye gidiyor"
Publication: Cumhuriyet
Date: December 2, 2015
ISIS oil is transported to Turkey via multiple routes. Oil from the Raqqa region is transported via the northwest route. A satellite image of the motorway at Azzaz Shows 240 trucks waiting on the Turkish side of border, and 46 trucks on Syrian side of border (13-11-2015). Trucks travel to Dortyol and Iskenderun Port. Satellite images of Deir Ez-Zor show hundreds of tankers carrying oil to towards Qamishli (18-10-2015). After entering Turkey, oil is sent to the "Tupras" refinery in Batman, about 100 kilometers away. Oil is also transported from Syria to Cizre. A satellite image shows 1,104 trucks (14-11-2015). 
Article: "Inside Isis Inc: The journey of a barrel of oil"
Publication: Financial Times
Date: October 14, 2015
Smugglers load larger jerry cans (50-60 litres) of oil into metal tubs or small row boats to move cargo across the river and into Turkey. On the other bank, tractors pick up the supply and took it to a local market. Some Syrian and Turkish border towns (e.g. Besalan) have co-operated by burying small rubber tubes under the border. A popular crossing point for smugglers carrying jerry cans of fuel on their backs has been from Kharbet al-Jawz in rebel-held Syria to Guvecci in Turkey.
Article: "Islamic State Financing and US Policy Approaches"
Publication: Congressional Research Service
Date: April 10, 2015
ISIS has no traditional export facilities or access to the open market. As a result, ISIS transports oil by truck to the Turkish border where oil brokers and traders purchase the oil with cash at a steeply discounted price, as low as $18/barrel. Oil sales initially provided the majority of ISIS revenue, but gradually declined due to an extensive campaign of US-led air strikes. The US and Turkey co-chair the Financial Action Task Force, which has studied ISIS revenue streams and recommended measures to prevent cash flow. 
Article: "Turkey sends in jets as Syria's agony spills over every border"
Publication: The Guardian
Date: July 25, 2015
The oil-smuggling operation of Abu Sayyaf, an ISIS leader, has been drastically reduced, although tankers still make it to the Syria-Turkey border. According to an ISIS member, "I know of a lot of cooperation... I don't see how Turkey can attack the organisation too hard. There are shared interests."
Article: "Raqqa's Rockefellers: How Islamic State oil flows to Israel"
Publication: Al-Araby al-Jadeed
Date: November 26, 2015
ISIS oil exports are managed by a colonel in the Iraqi Intelligence Services. He indicated, "After the oil is extracted and loaded, the oil tankers leave Nineveh province and head north to the city of Zakho, 88 kilometers north of Mosul. After IS oil lorries arrive in Zakho - normally 70 to 100 of them at a time - they are met by oil smuggling mafias. The person in charge of the oil shipment sells the oil to the highest bidder. Once in Turkey, the lorries continue to the town of Silopi, where the oil is delivered to a person who goes by the aliases of Dr Farid, Hajji Farid and Uncle Farid."
Article: "ISIS Oil Trade Full Frontal: "Raqqa's Rockefellers", Bilal Erdogan, KRG Crude, And The Israel Connection"
Publication: Zero Hedge
Date: November 29, 2015
Vladimir Putin detailed the scope of the operation in meetings with his G20 colleagues. "I've shown photos taken from space and from aircraft which clearly demonstrate the scale of the illegal trade in oil and petroleum products," he told journalists on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Antalya. The very same day, the US destroyed some 116 ISIS oil trucks, an effort that was widely publicized in the Western media. In the two weeks since Russia's revelations, Moscow and Washington have destroyed 1,300 ISIS oil transport vehicles. 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-11-28/isis-oil-trade-full-frontal-raqqas-rockefellers-bilal-erdogan-krg-crude-and-israel-c 
Article: "Mevzuattan çıktı... Erdoğan zorda! İşte IŞİD petrolüne belge"
Publication: Gazeteciler 
Date: December 4, 2015
Turkey amended its transport, trade and custom policy in June 2014. Regulations govern the "transiting of raw Petrol and Fuel via Turkey by road or railways." (Approved by Ministry of Trade and Customs on June 24, 2014, item no. 1208098). The Reyhanli border gate is not officially used for trade of oil products. However, the Russian Ministry of Defense provided satellite imagery of oil tankers crossing at Reyhanli. 
http://www.gazetecileronline.com/newsdetails/18904-/GazetecilerOnline/mevzuattan-cikti-erdogan-zorda-iste-isid-petrolune
Article: "Iran: Elimizde IŞİD'den Türkiye'ye petrol sevkiyatının kanıtları var"
Publication: Rota Haber
Date: December 4, 2015
Iran says it has proof of oil smuggling from ISIS to Turkey. Iran's Secretary of the Expediency Discernment Council, Mohsen Rezaei, says the government has photographs of truck tankers bringing ISIS oil to Turkey. Rezaei is quoted, "If Turkish government does not have information of the oil trade in the country, we are willing to give it to them."
http://www.rotahaber.com/m/dunya/iran-elimizde-isid-den-turkiye-ye-petrol-sevkiyatinin-kanitlari-var-h572301.html 
Article: "German deputy speaker: NATO must stop Turkey support for ISIS"
Publication: Rudaw
Date: October 12, 2014
According to Claudia Roth, deputy speaker of the Bundestag and a Green Party MP, Erdogan's "dealings with the ISIS are unacceptable. Also that the ISIS has been able to sell its oil via Turkey is extraordinary."
http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/12102014
Article: "Turkey Launches Crackdown On Oil Smugglers Feeding ISIS"
Publication: Huffington Post
Date: June 12, 2014
Smuggled fuel came from oil wells in Iraq or Syria controlled by militants, including ISIS, and was sold to middlemen who smuggled it across the 900-kilometer Turkish-Syrian border. Analysts estimate that the Islamic State group gets up to $3 million a day in revenue from oil fields seized in Iraq and Syria. Western intelligence officials have alleged that Turkey is turning a blind eye to a flourishing trade that strengthens ISIS, and Secretary of State John Kerry has called on Turkey to do more to stem the trade. Oil smuggling was a booming business until about six months ago, when Turkish authorities cracked down in response to media reports. New checkpoints and border controls were set-up in Hatay Province. Turkey says it seized nearly 20 million liters of oil at the border in the first eight months of 2015, about four times as much as in the same period the year before.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/06/isis-oil-money_n_5938472.html
Article: "How ISIS Uses Oil to Fund Terror"
Publication: Huffington Post
Date: September 19, 2014
There are about 8 million people living in ISIS-controlled territory who desperately need fuel and energy supplies. ISIS crude oil is either refined in small facilities or exchanged across the border -- mostly in Turkey -- for refined oil products. The southern corridor of Turkey has thus become a gateway for oil products and illicit trading. Cross-border trade violates U.N. Security Council resolution 2170 requiring Members States cut the finances of ISIS, Nusra front and other Qaeda splinter groups.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/27/isis-oil_n_5877008.html

Allegations of Turkey's Official Involvement
Article: "CHP'li Altiok ve HDP'li Kürkçü ISID'ten petrol alimini 4 ay önce meclise taşimişti"
Publication: Siyasi Haber
Date: December 3, 2015
CHP İzmir MP Zeynep Altıok HDP İzmir MP Ertuğrul Kürkçü accused Turkey of oil trade with ISIS in the Turkish Grand National Assembly (27-7-2015 and 27-7-2015). They referenced Martin Chulov's article in The Guardian (26-7-2015). Chulov maintains that when Abu Sayyaf was in charge of energy trade for ISIS before he was killed in an air strike on May 15. US Special Forces recovered Sayyaf's computer records confirming that Turkey was the main buyer of oil from ISIS. Chulov is referenced in Birgun newspaper saying that Turkish security forces were protecting the oil trade (28-7-2015).
http://siyasihaber1.org/chpli-altiok-ve-hdpli-kurkcu-isidten-petrol-alimini-4-ay-once-meclise-tasimisti 
Article: "Aykut Erdoğdu yolsuzluk bağlantılarını belgeleriyle anlattı"
Publication: Çağdaş Ses
Date: October 21, 2015
CHP MP Aykut Erdoğdu alleged that partner companies of Berat Albayrak, Erdogan's son-in-law, and his brother-in-law, Ziya Ilgen, were involved in the ISIS oil trade (17-12-2014). A court case has been brought against him for "insulting the President."
http://www.cagdasses.com/guncel/25639/aykut-erdogdu-yolsuzluk-baglantilarini-belgeleriyle-anlatti 
Article: "Opposition MP says ISIS is selling oil in Turkey"
Publication: Al-Monitor
Date: June 13, 2014
Ali Ediboglu, an opposition MP, said: "$800 million worth of oil that ISIS obtained from regions it occupied this year (the Rumeilan oil fields in northern Syria and most recently Mosul) is being sold in Turkey. They have laid pipes from villages near the Turkish border at Hatay. Similar pipes exist also at the Turkish border regions of Kilis, Urfa and Gaziantep. They transfer the oil to Turkey and sell it at a discount for cash. They refine the oil in areas close to the Turkish border and then sell it via Turkey. This is worth $800 million."
http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/business/2014/06/turkey-syria-isis-selling-smuggled-oil.html#
Article: "As Turkey turned blind eye, ISIS took advantage"
Publication: CBS News
Date: September 4, 2014
Hursit Gunes, a member of Turkey's opposition, accuses the Turkish authorities of ignoring oil smuggling by ISIS. "The money they get from smuggling could be stopped if the Turkish government and the neighbor countries had decided that they shouldn't get a coin."
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/as-turkey-turned-blind-eye-isis-took-advantage/
Article: "Ankara's oil business with ISIS"
Publication: RT
Date: November 27, 2015
Last October, the US Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David Cohen said Islamic State was earning $1 million a day from oil sales. "According to our information, as of last month, ISIL was selling oil at substantially discounted prices to a variety of middlemen, including some from Turkey, who then transported the oil to be resold. It also appears that some of the oil emanating from territory where ISIL operates has been sold to Kurds in Iraq, and then resold into Turkey." 
https://www.rt.com/business/323391-isis-oil-business-turkey-russia/
Article: "Suspicious Report: "ISIS Selling Oil to Turkey through Qatari Brokers"
Publication: Veterans Today
Date: December 4, 2015
the Arabic-language Al-Akhbar newspaper quoted unnamed sources inside ISIL: "ISIL regularly sells crude it obtains from Iraqi and Syrian oil wells to Turkey through some Qatari middlemen". In some transactions, oil is bartered for weapons.
http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/12/04/suspicious-report-isis-selling-oil-to-turkey-through-qatari-brokers/ 
Article: "Struggling to Starve ISIS of Oil Revenue, U.S. Seeks Assistance From Turkey"
Publication: The New York Times
Date: September 13, 2014
On September 13, 2014, The New York Times reported the Obama administration's efforts to pressure Turkey to crack down on ISIS sales of oil. James Phillips, a senior fellow at the Heritage Foundation, maintained that Turkey has not fully cracked down on ISIS's sales network because it benefits from a lower price for oil, and that there might even be Turks and government officials who benefit from the trade.
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/14/world/middleeast/struggling-to-starve-isis-of-oil-revenue-us-seeks-assistance-from-turkey.html?_r=0
Article: "Sınırsız sınır..."
Publication: Radikal
Date: September 13, 2014
Fehim Taştekin wrote in Radikal on September 13, 2014 about illegal pipelines transporting oil from Syria to nearby border towns in Turkey. The oil is sold for as little as 1.25 liras per liter. According to Taştekin, many of these illegal pipelines were dismantled after operating for 3 years, once his article was published.
http://www.radikal.com.tr/yazarlar/fehim-tastekin/sinirsiz-sinir-1212462/
Article: "ABD Hazine Bakanlığı: IŞİD'in petrol satışına Türkler de aracılık ediyor"
Publication: Diken
Date: October 24, 2015
According to Diken, David Cohen, a Justice Department official, says that Turkish individuals act as middlemen to help sell ISIS oil through Turkey.
http://www.diken.com.tr/abd-hazine-bakanligi-isid-petrol-satisina-turkler-de-aracilik-ediyor/ 
Article: "Is Turkey Really Benefitting from Oil Trade with ISIS"
Publication: TIME
Date: December 2, 2015
Analysts say it's very unlikely Ankara has anything to do with ISIS oil. "To go as far to say that Turkey would shoot down a plane to protect its oil supply is unfounded," says Valerie Marcel of Chatham House. Fawaz Gerges, Professor of International Relations in the London School of Economics and Political Science, agrees that the claims amount to a conspiracy theory. "I think it would be very misleading to say there is an unholy alliance with Turkey and the Islamic State," he says. According to TIME, "That's not to say ISIS oil isn't being imported to Turkey. Getrges adds, "ISIS sells to anyone, it's not about ideology."
http://time.com/4132346/turkey-isis-oil/
Article: "Syria conflict: Russia accuses Erdogan of trading oil with IS"
Publication: BBC News
Date: December 2, 2015
Russia's Defense Ministry accused President Erdogan's family members of being involved in the trade of petroleum with ISIS. Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov said Turkey was the biggest buyer of "stolen" oil from Syria and Iraq. Antonov presented satellite images showing oil tankers travelling from IS-held territory to Turkey. The trucks, travelled to three locations, including refineries, in Turkey. Some oil was sent to a third country. Antonov indicated, "According to available information, the highest level of the political leadership of the country, President Erdogan and his family, are involved in this criminal business."
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34982951
Article: "Erdogan's son-in-law 'linked to Isis oil trade'"
Publication: The Times
Date: December 5, 2015
An opposition MP claimed this week "that there is a very high probability" that Berat Albayrak, Turkey's energy minister and Erdogan's son-in-law, was linked to the supply of oil by the terrorists.http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/asia/article4632906.ece?CMP=Spklr-_-Editorial-_-FBPAGE-_-TheTimesandTheSundayTimes-timesandsundaytimes-_-20151205-_-World-_-296171993-_-Imageandlink&linkId=19327838
Article: "Russia accuses Turkish President Erdogan's son-in-law of being 'linked to Isis oil trade'"
Publication: The Independent
Date: December 5, 2015
Berat Albayrak was chief executive of Calik Holding, a pro-government conglomerate with an interest in energy and oil, until 2013. Albayrak also managed Powertrans, a company that trucks oil from Iraqi Kurdistan. Albayrak was targeted as part of a thwarted corruption investigation in December 2013, on allegations of tender-rigging and bribery. He was elected as AKP deputy in June 2015, and then appointed energy minister.http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/russia-accuses-president-erdogans-son-in-law-of-being-linked-to-isis-oil-trade-a6761436.html
Article: "Putin ve Erdoğan arasında 'IŞİD petrolü' atışması"
Publication: Hürriyet 
Date: November 26, 2015
Berat Albayrak, Erdogan's son-in-law, was appointed Minister of Energy and Natural Resources in November 2015.  Erdogan's son, Bilal, has a marine transport company - BMZ group. This company also owns a Maltese shipping company involved in oil transport. Erdogan denies involvement by members of his family. He maintains that the Assad regime and "supporters of that regime" are the buyers of ISIS oil.http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/putin-ve-erdogan-arasinda-isid-petrolu-atismasi-40019208
Article: "Meet The Man Who Funds ISIS: Bilal Erdogan, The Son Of Turkey's President"
Publication: Zero Hedge
Date: November 26, 2015
Gürsel Tekin, CHP vice-president, said: "President Erdogan claims that according to international transportation conventions there is no legal infraction concerning Bilal's illicit activities and his son is doing an ordinary business with the registered Japanese companies, but in fact Bilal Erdogan is up to his neck in complicity with terrorism. As long as his father holds office he will be immune from any judicial prosecution." Tekin adds that Bilal's maritime company doing the oil trades for ISIS, BMZ Ltd, is "a family business and president Erdogan's close relatives hold shares in BMZ and they misused public funds and took illicit loans from Turkish banks."
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-11-25/meet-man-who-funds-isis-bilal-erdogan-son-turkeys-president
Article: "IŞİD petrolünü Bilal Erdoğan'ın şirketi satıyor"
Publication: Sol Haber
Date: December 2, 2015
Finian Cunningham, who worked for British and Irish press (The Mirror, Independent, Irish Times) alleges that Bilal Erdogan who controls BMZ group is implicated in the oil trade. He says that oil comes from Deir Ez-Zor to Batman in Turkey and then transported to Iskenderun Port where it is loaded onto BMZ group-owned tankers for export to world markets. 
Article: "Bilal Erdoğan's firm purchases two new tankers at cost of $36 million"
Publication: Today's Zaman
Date: December 15, 2015
The BMZ Group, a company owned by President Erdoğan's son, Bilal, purchased two tankers in the last two months at a total cost of $36 million. According to the Deniz Haber news agency, the two tankers bought by the BMZ Group, named Türkter 82 and Armada Fair, will be registered in October. 
Article: "Are These The Tankers Bilal Erdogan Uses To Transport ISIS Oil?"
Publication: Zero Hedge
Date: November 30, 2015
Syrian Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi said, "All of the oil was delivered to a company that belongs to the son of Erdogan. This is why Turkey became anxious when Russia began delivering airstrikes against the IS infrastructure and destroyed more than 500 trucks with oil already. This really got on Erdogan and his company's nerves. They're importing not only oil, but wheat and historic artefacts as well."
Article: "İtalya savcılığına Bilal Erdoğan şikayeti"
Publication: Rota Haber
Date: December 4, 2015
Bilal Erdogan allegedly took $1 billion to Italy in October, 2015. Lawyer Massimiliano Annetta filed a petition with the Bologna prosecutor's office about alleged money laundering by Bilal Erdogan, requesting an investigation into the money he brought into Italy.

US Views
Article: "Kurdish former MP faces court case over ISIS funding claim"
Publication: Rudaw
Date: October 27, 2014
US Treasury Undersecretary David Cohen said, "Last month, ISIL was selling oil at substantially discounted prices to a variety of middlemen, including some from Turkey. It also appears that some of the oil emanating from territory where ISIL operates has been sold to Kurds in Iraq, and then resold into Turkey."
Article: "ISIS oil smuggling to Turkey insignificant: US official"
Publication: The Daily Star
Date: December 4, 2015
The State Department has dismissed Moscow's charge that Erdogan and his family are involved with ISIS oil trade. According to Amos Hochstein, U.S. special envoy and coordinator for international energy affairs, "The amount of oil being smuggled is extremely low and has decreased over time and is of no significance from a volume perspective - both volume of oil and volume of revenue."
Article: "Russia says it has proof Turkey involved in Daesh oil trade"
Publication: The Daily Star
Date: December 3, 2015
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said, "The irony of the Russians raising this concern is that there's plenty of evidence to indicate that the largest consumer of ISIL oil is actually Bashar Assad and his regime, a regime that only remains in place because it is being propped up by the Russians." 
Mr. Phillips is Director of the Program on Peace-building and Rights at Columbia University's Institute for the Study of Human Rights. He served as a senior adviser to the State Department under President Obama. He was also a senior adviser and foreign affairs expert to the State Department under Presidents Clinton and Bush. Phillips is author of Losing Iraq: Inside the Post-War Reconstruction Fiasco. His most recent book is The Kurdish Spring: A New Map for the Middle East.  























David L. Phillips

Director of the Program on Peace-building and Rights, Columbia University’s Institute for the Study of Human Rights






MORE:

Turkey


Isis


Oil Trade


Recep Tayyip Erdogan


Bilal Erdogan
































































Subscribe to the World Post email.














































Research Paper: Turkey-ISIS Oil Trade
































































































David L. Phillips: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:40 AM ET
Gas Utilities

Company Overview of KeySpan Energy Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David L. Phillips  Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Development, KeySpan Energy CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships60--
Background

		Mr. David L. Phillips has been Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning Corporate Development of Keyspan Energy Corporation since 1997. Mr. Phillips serves as the Managing Partner of Bilateral Initiatives LLP, an international business-to-business consulting firm specializing in providing key strategic expansion and corporate growth advice to the chairman and chief executive level members of various firms. Mr. Phillips also serves as Managing Partner of Phillips International ... Law Group PLLC, a worldwide recognized international law firm specializing in mergers, acquisitions, project development and EPC construction work with a focus on the international energy landscape in the oil, gas, chemical and power downstream sector and the alternative energy industry. Mr. Phillips' clients include worldwide energy companies, including several Middle East National Oil Companies. In addition to his current roles at Bilateral Initiatives LLP and Phillips International Law Group PLLC, Mr. Phillips serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and serves on the Executive Board of Advisors, Ambassadors, Ministers & Former US Cabinet Secretaries of the Bilateral US Arab Chamber of Commerce (BUSACC). Prior to his founding of Bilateral Initiatives LLP and the Phillips International Law Group, Mr. Phillips served as a Partner at the law firm of Jackson Walker LLP from May 2002to May 2008 and chaired several of the firm's practice areas over that period. Prior to worked at Jackson Walker LLP, from May 1995 to May 2002 Mr. Phillips served as the Chief Executive Officer of KeySpan Energy Corporation, a $14 billion public energy conglomerate based in New York City. From June 1991 to May 1995, Mr. Phillips served as the Chief Executive Officer in Equitable Resources, Inc. a $6 billion public gas utility holding company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and as a member of the board of directors of certain Equitable subsidiaries. Mr. Phillips also served as the General Counsel to Eastex Energy Inc., a public midstream energy company, from June 1985 to May 1991, which was later acquired by El Paso Energy and ultimately Enterprise Products LP. Mr. Philips served as Energy Consultant of Brooklyn Union from 1996 to 1997. He has been a an Independent Director of Vertex Energy, Inc. since June 2008. He served as a Member of the Board of Directors of certain KeySpan subsidiaries. Mr. Philips served as Member of Executive Committee of Equitable Resources Inc. from 1992 to 1996. Mr. Phillips is a member of State Bar of Texas, International Bar Association, American Bar Association and the Houston Bar Association; he is also a member of the Oil, Gas & Energy Law Section, the Business Law Section and the Corporate Counsel Section of the State Bar of Texas and Houston Bar Association. Additionally, he is a member of the Natural Resources, Energy and Environmental Law Section of the American Bar Association & International Bar Association. Mr. Phillips received his bachelor's degree from the University of Texas in August 1984 and his Juris Doctor from the South Texas College of Law in August 1988.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Metrotech CenterBrooklyn, New York 11201-3850United StatesPhone: 718-403-1000Fax: 718-488-1782
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentIndependent DirectorVertex Energy, Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree 1984The University of Texas SystemJD 1988South Texas College of Law
Other Affiliations
The University of Texas SystemSouth Texas College of LawVertex Energy, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KeySpan Energy Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























David L. Phillips - AC4 Link - Columbia University


















 







AC4 Link »
Profile




Go to PROFILES INDEX
Menu of DISCIPLINES & TOPICS ▼▲




View Profiles Organized by Topic



Conflict Resolution
Defense & National Security
Displacement & Post-Conflict
Domestic, Sexual, and Gender-Based Violence
Health-Related
Human Rights & Social Justice 



International Affairs
Mediation & Negotiation
Organization Conflict
Policy & Legal Approaches
Qualitative Research
Quantitative Approaches 



Sustainable Peace
Technology and Networks
War, Civil War, & Revolution
Youth Violence, Violent Crime & Gangs
 

View Profiles Organized by Type of Work



Coaching/Counseling/Therapy
Complexity Science
Computational Modeling
Consulting/Advising
Epidemiology
Ethnography 



Experimental Research
Field Work
Mediation & Negotiation
Organizing/Activism
Participatory Methods/Action Research
Pedagogy/Training 



Qualitative Research
Research Design/Project Management
Urban Violence Prevention
Writing/Reporting




View Profiles Organized by Discipline



Anthropology
Area/Ethnic/Cultural Studies
Business
Economics
Education
Engineering & Architecture
Environmental Studies & Sustainable Development 



Ethics, Philosophy & Religion
Gender & Sexuality Studies
History & Geography
International Affairs & Political Science
Journalism & Communication Studies
Law
Literature, Visual & Performing Arts 



Mathematics & Complexity Science
Natural (Physical) Sciences
Psychology
Public Health & Medicine
Social Work
Sociology














David L. Phillips
Director, Peace-building and Rights Program, Institute for the Study of Human Rights (ISHR)




dp2366@columbia.edu



David L. Phillips is currently Director of the Program on Peace-building  and Rights at Columbia University’s Institute for the Study of Human  Rights. Phillips has worked as a senior adviser to the United Nations  Secretariat and as a foreign affairs expert and senior adviser to the  U.S. Department of State. He has held positions as a visiting scholar at  Harvard University’s Center for Middle East Studies, executive director  of Columbia University’s International Conflict Resolution Program,  director of the Program on Conflict Prevention and Peace-building at the  American University, Associate Professor at New York University’s  Department of Politics, and as a professor at the Diplomatic Academy of  Vienna. He has also been a senior fellow and deputy director of the  Council on Foreign Relations’ Center for Preventive Action, senior  fellow at the Atlantic Council of the United States, senior fellow at  the Center for Strategic and International Studies, director of the  European Centre for Common Ground, project director at the International  Peace Research Institute of Oslo, president of the Congressional Human  Rights Foundation, and executive director of the Elie Wiesel Foundation.  Mr. Phillips is author of From Bullets to Ballots: Violent Muslim Movements in Transition (Transaction Press, 2008), Losing Iraq: Inside the Postwar Reconstruction Fiasco (Perseus Books, 2005), Unsilencing the Past: Track Two Diplomacy and Turkish-Armenian Reconciliation  (Berghahn Books, 2005). He has also authored many policy reports, as  well as more than 100 articles in leading publications such as the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, International Herald Tribune, and Foreign Affairs.



Links
ISHR Peace Building and Human Rights Program


Disciplines


International Affairs & Political Science




Topics


International Affairs
Human Rights & Social Justice
Displacement & Post-Conflict
Conflict Resolution
Sustainable Peace
War, Civil War, & Revolution




Affiliated With 



ISHR




Type of Work 


Consulting/Advising
Writing/Reporting







Browse Related Profiles

Discipline: International Affairs & Political Science


Lawrence G. Potter, Ph.D.
Adjunct Associate Professor of International and Public Affairs



Center for the Study of Development Strategies (CSDS)



Negotiation and Conflict Resolution (NECR) - Master of Science


View More

Topic: Conflict Resolution


Michele S. Riley, J.D.
Adjunct Faculty



Advanced Consortium on Cooperation, Conflict and Complexity (AC4)



International Security Policy Concentration


View More

Work: Consulting/Advising


Stuart Gottlieb, Ph.D.
Adjunct Professor of International and Public Affairs


Advanced Consortium on Cooperation, Conflict and Complexity (AC4)


National Center for Disaster Preparedness (NCDP)

View More


 





 



Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us


















David L. Phillips - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















David L. Phillips
Board Member at Vertex Energy, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you David L. Phillips? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David L. Phillips's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David L. Phillips's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David L. Phillips's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David L. Phillips through your network of contacts.
												








David L. Phillips's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Vertex Energy, Inc.


Past
To view David L. Phillips's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															University of Texas


														 J.D., 
															South Texas College


Age
60

 
 


David L. Phillips's Biography



Mr. Phillips is currently the Managing Partner of Bilateral Initiatives LLP, an international business-to-business consulting firm specializing in providing key strategic expansion and corporate growth advice to the chairman and chief executive level members of various firms. Mr. Phillips is also Managing Partner of Phillips International Law Group PLLC, a worldwide recognized international law firm specializing in mergers, acquisitions, project development and EPC construction work with a focus on the international energy landscape in the oil, gas, chemical and power downstream sector and the alternative energy industry. Mr. Phillips' client ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Phillips is currently the Managing Partner of Bilateral Initiatives LLP, an international business-to-business consulting firm specializing in providing key strategic expansion and corporate growth advice to the chairman and chief executive level members of various firms. Mr. Phillips is also Managing Partner of Phillips International Law Group PLLC, a worldwide recognized international law firm specializing in mergers, acquisitions, project development and EPC construction work with a focus on the international energy landscape in the oil, gas, chemical and power downstream sector and the alternative energy industry. Mr. Phillips' clients include worldwide energy companies, including several Middle East National Oil Companies. Prior to his founding of Bilateral Initiatives LLP and the Phillips International Law Group, Mr. Phillips was a partner at the law firm of Jackson Walker LLP from May 2002 until May 2008 and chaired several of the firm's practice areas over that period. Prior to working at Jackson Walker LLP, from May 1995 to May 2002, Mr. Phillips served as a chief executive officer in the former KeySpan Energy Corporation, a $14 billion public energy conglomerate based in New York City, and as a member of the board of directors of certain KeySpan subsidiaries. From June 1991 to May 1995, Mr. Phillips served as chief executive officer in Equitable Resources, Inc. ("Equitable"), a $6 billion public gas utility holding company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and as a member of the board of directors of certain of Equitable's subsidiaries. Mr. Phillips also served as the General Counsel to Eastex Energy Inc., a public midstream energy company, from June 1985 to May 1991, which was later acquired by El Paso Energy and ultimately Enterprise Products LP.

 

In addition to his current roles at Bilateral Initiatives LLP and Phillips International Law Group PLLC, Mr. Phillips is the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board of Advisors, Ambassadors, Ministers & Former US Cabinet Secretaries of the Bilateral US Arab Chamber of Commerce.

 

Mr. Phillips received his bachelor's degree from the University of Texas in August 1984 and his Juris Doctor from the South Texas College of Law in August 1988. Mr. Phillips is a member of the State Bar of Texas, International Bar Association, American Bar Association, and the Houston Bar Association. He is also a member of the Oil, Gas & Energy Law Section, the Business Law Section, and the Corporate Counsel Section of the State Bar of Texas and Houston Bar Association. Additionally, he is a member of the Natural Resources, Energy and Environmental Law Section of the American Bar Association & International Bar Association.

 

Director Qualifications:

 

Mr. Phillips has had a long and successful career in the energy sector serving in various capacities, having been the CEO, legal counsel and board member of various large public companies. In addition to his extensive experience in oil and gas, he was also a partner in the law firm of Jackson Walker, LLP. Mr. Phillips background brings insights into corporate structure and project development, along with expansion and corporate growth.
		
Source: Vertex Energy, Inc. on 04/25/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David L. Phillips's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David L. Phillips. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David L. Phillips's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David L. Phillips's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David L. Phillips through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David L. Phillips


















David L. Phillips's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view David L. Phillips's 18 connections »









Chris Carlson
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Vertex Energy, Inc.









John Strickland
Former Chief Operating Officer, Vertex Energy, Inc.









Timothy C. Harvey
Board Member, Vertex Energy, Inc.









Donald I. Moritz
Former Board Member, EQT Corporation









Benjamin P. Cowart
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Vertex Energy, Inc.









Sam P. Cortez
Board Member, Delta Apparel, Inc.









Matthew Lieb
Former Vice President, Specialty Projects, Vertex Energy, Inc.









Greg Wallace
Former Vice President, Refining and Marketing, Vertex Energy, Inc.









Christopher A. Stratton
Board Member, Vertex Energy, Inc.









John Pimentel
Former Chairman,ChiefExec Officer, Vertex Energy, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 








Product Details for The Life and Legacy of Stephen Olford: The Biography of Stephen F. Olford by John Phillips, David L. Olford




































Skip to content
Skip to footer




 





  
						💳




							Your :
							



❓
:
								This is the current balance of gift cards and/or gift certificates that have been saved to your account. You can apply these discounts, and any additional gift cards/certificates, during the checkout process.
													




👤




Purchases
Track Order
Book Sales
eLibrary
Messages
Settings
Log Out





Student Login



Login
✖


Log in to your account to save courses








Remember Me
																			
Log In





No account? Create one now



								Or See Course Items
							





🛒




							No Items
						


Your cart


Item



Your price
$0.00






Your price
$0.00


You save
$0.00




								You still need 0 Item for all of your courses.
							
Checkout Now







⌂
🔍

?
$
👨
🛍




✚ Add New Course
My Courses



View My Courses

















🔍









		Due to planned maintenance, your school has disabled school system log-ins at this time.
		You may continue shopping as a guest, or by creating a bookstore-only account.
	













            Please complete the purchase of any items in your cart before going to this third-party site.
            Also note that if you qualify for financial aid, items purchased through this site will not be subject to reimbursement.
        





Error title
Some error text about your books and stuff.
Close













ISBN: 9781879028203


ISBN10: 1879028204





 The Life and Legacy of Stephen Olford: The Biography of Stephen F. Olford 

by John Phillips, David L. Olford



List Price: $16.99


Binding: Hardcover


Publisher: Olford Ministries International


Publish date: 08/01/2006







                            Sell your book
                        














                                                                            used
                                                                    

											Add to Cart										
$13.33



Seller:
Gonia Books








Location: Pleasant View, TN

Condition:
Very Good



1879028204.
1879028204.




You save: 22%
Marketplace Item




                                                                            new
                                                                    

											Add to Cart										
$62.85



Seller:
More Books








Location: MIAMI, FL

Condition:
New







Marketplace Item












All (6)


New (1)


Like New (1)


Very Good (4)







Seller
Condition
Comments
Price
 







Gonia Books







Location: Pleasant View, TN                                            


Very Good



1879028204.
1879028204.


$13.33




                                                        Add to Cart
                                                    






4







More Books







Location: MIAMI, FL                                            


Very Good






$52.81




                                                        Add to Cart
                                                    






4







Coulwood Books







Location: Charlotte, NC                                            


Very Good


Clean with dust jacket. fast shipping #5B.
Clean with dust jacket. fast shipping #5B.


$56.23




                                                        Add to Cart
                                                    






4







More Books







Location: MIAMI, FL                                            


New






$62.85




                                                        Add to Cart
                                                    






6







5Boros Books







Location: SUMMIT, NJ                                            


Very Good


Very nice copy.
Very nice copy.


$62.95




                                                        Add to Cart
                                                    






4







5Boros Books







Location: SUMMIT, NJ                                            


Like New


Close to new condidtion.
Close to new condidtion.


$66.66




                                                        Add to Cart
                                                    






5










	This seller ships with tracking when standard shipping is selected.
	












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











DAVID L PHILLIPS - AVON, IN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



AVON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            DAVID L PHILLIPS
                                    



 





















D 


DAVID L PHILLIPS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



94 ABNER CREEK PKWY AVON, IN 46123
Get Directions



(317) 745-7034





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts DAVID L PHILLIPS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


David L Phillips is located at 94 Abner Creek Pkwy in Avon and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





























David L Phillips, Signed - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





David L Phillips, Signed

You Searched For:

Author:
david l phillips

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 15) of 15







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (15)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (1)      


Used Books (14)      

Binding



All Bindings 

Hardcover


Softcover


Collectible Attributes



First Edition (9)      


Signed Copy 

Dust Jacket



Seller-Supplied Images (1)      

Not Printed On Demand


Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (4)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

U.S.A.
United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up



and up (14)      


and up (14)      


  (7)      

 



Search Within These Results:


























            Stock Image
    








War Diaries: The 1861 Kanawha Valley Campaigns

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Pr


ISBN 10: 0962821802
ISBN 13: 9780962821806



Used
Hardcover
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 9.95

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Pr. Book Condition: Good. Signed Copy . Good dust jacket. Signed/Inscribed by author on front endpage. Slightly dampstained.  Bookseller Inventory # SA19A-00298

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.



















            Stock Image
    








War Diaries The 1861Kanawha Valley Campaign

Phillips,David L.


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg,Va
(1990)


ISBN 10: 0962821802
ISBN 13: 9780962821806



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Always Superior Books (marietta, GA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 15.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.95

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg,Va, 1990. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Fine. First Edition. Inscribed By the Author. Haedcover.  Bookseller Inventory # 035519

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.


















            Stock Image
    








Losing Iraq Inside the Postwar Reconstruction Fiasco

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Westview Press
(2005)


ISBN 10: 0813343046
ISBN 13: 9780813343044



Used
Hardcover
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Bluestocking Books (Bangor, PA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 21.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Westview Press, 2005. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good. Westview Press, 2005 Pictorial dust jacket very good. Black and grey hard cover boards, Very good. Corners bumped. INSCRIBED by AUTHOR on 1/2 title page " To Hassan Nemazee: Respectfully, David Phillips 5/10/05". Signed by Author. Hard Cover. Very Good/Very Good. 8vo - over 7¾" - 9¾" tall.  Bookseller Inventory # 6587

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.


















            Stock Image
    








War Diaries: The 1861 Kanawha Valley Campaigns

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Pr
(1990)


ISBN 10: 0962821802
ISBN 13: 9780962821806



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Southern Maryland Books (Waldorf, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 20.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Pr, 1990. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: very good. Signed. First Edition. SIGNED BY THE AUTHOR Hardcover. ISBN: 0962821802 Gauley Mount Pr - 1990 Dust Jacket: Little wear to the covered dust jacket. Cover: Little wear. Text: Clean unmarked text. Binding: Tight. ** WE SHIP DAILY (Mon-Fri) ** Free Tracking Information.  Bookseller Inventory # mon0000009631

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.





















WAR DIARIES - The 1861 Kanawha Valley Campaigns (Signed Copy)

Phillips, David L. + Rebecca L. Hill, Chief Researcher


              Published by
              Leesburg, Virginia, Self-Published (?)/Gauley Mount Press, 1990. [, Leesburg, Virginia, U.S.A.
(1990)



Used
Hardcover
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Reiner Books (Minneapolis, MN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 25.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.00

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Leesburg, Virginia, Self-Published (?)/Gauley Mount Press, 1990. [, Leesburg, Virginia, U.S.A., 1990. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good. ] Hardback, 480 pages, Fine in VG+ dj (dj in mylar). Inscribed and SIGNED by Phillips on FFEP (map endpapers). Footnotes throughout. Bibliography & Index. Front interior dj flap has light crease at top corner. DJ also couple of light scratches to back panel and a very small bit of edge curling. RWR5 Civil War American History Military. Signed by Author(s).  Bookseller Inventory # 04258

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.



















            Stock Image
    








Losing Iraq - Inside the Postwar Reconstruction Fiasco

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Westview Press, New York
(2005)


ISBN 10: 0813343046
ISBN 13: 9780813343044



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Books First (Washington, DC, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 29.61

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Westview Press, New York, 2005. Cloth. Book Condition: As New. Dust Jacket Condition: As New. First Edition, SIGNED By the Author. An UNREAD copy in AS NEW condition. SIGNED by the author. What Went Wrong, By a Senior Advisor to the State Dept official Who Was There. Still relevant, even in the relative success of the "surge," because the Iraqis don't seem able to resolve their differences, and we can't do it for them. Signed by Author(s).  Bookseller Inventory # 050661

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.






















IT'S A SMALL WORLD TILL YOU TRY WALKING AROUND IT!

PHILLIPS, DAVID L.


              Published by
              BRANDEN PRESS, BOSTON, MA.
(1968)



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Gian Luigi Fine Books (albany, NY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 25.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.95

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: BRANDEN PRESS, BOSTON, MA., 1968. HARDCOVER. Book Condition: VG. Dust Jacket Condition: VG. FIRST EDITION. Small closed tear to the DJ. Signed by Author.  Bookseller Inventory # 029453

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.






















War Diaries : The 1861 Kanawha Valley Campaigns

David L. Phillips


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg Virginia
(1990)



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Talisman Books (Stockport, CHS, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 20.20

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 11.59

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg Virginia, 1990. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Fine. 1st Edition. Lovely copy of this 1st printing signed by the author on the title page - no inscription. Book is fine with no marks. Dustjacket has a 1/2 inch closed tear to top front otherwise is fine. Publishers " Autographed copy" sticker on front. Now in protective sleeve. 0.0. Signed by Author(s).  Bookseller Inventory # 010845

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.

















            Stock Image
    








WAR DIARIES - THE KANAWHA VALLEY CAMPAIGNS

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Press


ISBN 10: 0962821802
ISBN 13: 9780962821806



New
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: C. Clayton Thompson - Bookseller (BOONE, NC, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 38.94

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Press. Book Condition: BRAND NEW. BRAND NEW Hardcover in Dust Jacket (Protected in a New Brodart Jacket Cover) - 1st Edition - SIGNED by the Author - 480pp - Col Tompkins, CSA, Gen. Cox, USA agree to protect Tomkins family in the Union controlled area of western Virginia, and others tell the story of war and the movement that led to the formation of West Virginia in 1863 A Brand New Quality Book from a Full-Time Bookshop in business since 1992!.  Bookseller Inventory # 59327

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.





















Losing Iraq: Inside the Postwar Reconstruction Fiasco

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Westview Press
(2005)



Used
Hardcover
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: A. Richard Books and More (Washington DC, DC, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 35.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.50

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Westview Press, 2005. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good. Inscribed and signed by the author. COLLECT SIGNED BOOKS. Signed by Author(s).  Bookseller Inventory # 006830

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.



















            Stock Image
    








Tiger John: The Rebel Who Burned Chambersburg

David L. Phillips


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg, Virginia
(1993)


ISBN 10: 0962821837
ISBN 13: 9780962821837



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Great Expectations Rare Books (Staten Island, NYC, NY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 40.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg, Virginia, 1993. Hardcover. Book Condition: Near Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Fine. First Edition. Hardcover, red cloth in non price-clipped dust-jacket. 400 pages. Bibliography, Index. Illustrated with portrait, map and map end-papers. Signed presentation copy by author on title page. First edition. Small stamp "se" on top edge, else an as new copy. A very clean, square, fresh and unmarked [other than above]. Boldly illustrated dust-jacket protected by new Brodart cover. Near fine in a fine dust-jacket. Size: 8vo - over 7¾" - 9¾" tall. Signed by Author.  Bookseller Inventory # 012312

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.






















Tiger John; The Rebel Who Burned Chambersburg

Phillips, David L. & Hill, Rebecca L.-researcher


              Published by
              Published By Author/Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg, Va.
(1993)



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Jeff Stark (Barstow, CA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 40.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.00

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Published By Author/Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg, Va., 1993. Hardback - Bright. Book Condition: Fine - as New. Dust Jacket Condition: Fine Bight Dj. 1st Edition. A fine bright copy signed in felt pen under the authors name; "David L. Philips" . Map endpapers. 400 pages with excellent resources cited. An important additon to American Civil War history. Size: 8vo - over 7¾" - 9¾" Tall. Signed by the Author.  Bookseller Inventory # 016801

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.


















            Bookseller Image
    








Tiger John: The Rebel Who Burned Chambersburg

Phillips, David L.


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Pr, Leesburg, Virginia, U.S.A.
(1993)


ISBN 10: 0962821837
ISBN 13: 9780962821837



Used
Hardcover
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Cosmic Express Books (Rochester, MN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 39.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.50

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Pr, Leesburg, Virginia, U.S.A., 1993. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Fine. Like-new with very few of the most minor signs of wear. Dust jacket in near perfect condition with a few very minor edge bends possible. Signed on the title page by the author. Signed by Author(s).  Bookseller Inventory # 010558

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.


















            Stock Image
    








Tiger John: The Rebel Who Burned Chambersburg

David L. Phillips


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Press
(1993)


ISBN 10: 0962821837
ISBN 13: 9780962821837



Used
Hardcover
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Royal Oak Bookshop (Front Royal, VA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 42.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Press, 1993. Hardcover. Book Condition: Clean unread content. Dust Jacket Condition: Like new. Signed by the author on the title page, book and jacket have no blemishes or marking, binding is tight. Brick and mortar bookshop since 1975!. Signed.  Bookseller Inventory # 170401003slt

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.


















            Stock Image
    








Tiger John: the Rebel Who Burned Chambersburg

Phillips, David L. and Rebecca L. Hill, Chief Researcher


              Published by
              Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg
(1993)


ISBN 10: 0962821837
ISBN 13: 9780962821837



Used
Hardcover
First Edition
Signed

Quantity Available: 1

From: Old Editions Book Shop, ABAA, ILAB (Buffalo, NY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 50.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gauley Mount Press, Leesburg, 1993. Near fine/near fine-, with a couple of creases to front flap. ; 8vo, red cloth, DJ, 400pp. , index, endpaper maps, "the military biography of John McCausland has essentially been overlooked by Civil War historians, but he was a significant officer in the Confederate army who fought throughout the war for the state he loved more than country, Virginia". SIGNED, DATED and INSCRIBED by AUTHOR. 1st edition inscribed and dated on endpaper by author.  Bookseller Inventory # 158

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.



 
 


Results (1 - 15) of 15







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×




















 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = David Phillips; range = all. Search again. 1–12 of 23 Page 1Page 2 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct The Impact Of Managed Care On The Practice Of PsychotherapyInnovations, Implementation And ControversyEdited by David G. Phillips, Richard M. AlperinPublished in 1996, The Impact Of Managed Care On The Practice Of Psychotherapy is a valuable contribution to the field of Psychotherapy.…Paperback – 2017-09-30  RoutledgeInvestigating Education in GermanyHistorical studies from a British perspectiveBy David PhillipsThis book brings together the work of established researcher Professor David Phillips, in one authoritative volume. Including key chapters on education in Germany from the last three decades, topics range from historical studies of universities and schools, to detailed research on the role of the…Paperback – 2017-09-21  RoutledgeRoutledge Research in International and Comparative EducationGlobal HealthAn Introduction to Current and Future Trends, 2nd EditionBy Kevin McCracken, David R. PhillipsGlobal Health continues to provide readers with a comprehensive, up-to-date and thought-provoking outline and understanding of the constantly evolving global health landscape. In this new edition the authors have maintained the successful structure and organisation of the previous edition to…Paperback – 2017-06-19RoutledgeAn Uncertain AllyTurkey under Erdogan's DictatorshipBy David L. PhillipsUnder the rule of Recep Tayyip Erdogan Turkey has descended into a dictatorship, promotes the Islamist agenda, abuses human rights, limits freedom of expression in the press, and wages war against the Kurds. While Turkey has historically been important geopolitically, it has become an outlier in…Paperback – 2017-04-20RoutledgeIntroduction to Emergency Management, Second EditionBy Brenda Phillips, David M. Neal, Gary WebbEmergency management university programs have experienced dramatic and exponential growth over the last twelve years. This new, fully updated edition introduces majors and minors to the field and provides content accessible to those students taking introductory emergency management courses. The…Hardback – 2016-12-03CRC PressTracing Education PolicySelections from the Oxford Review of EducationEdited by David Phillips, Geoffrey WalfordThis book brings together key articles that trace the development of British education policy since 1975 and provides a valuable route map to developments within education policy during this period. It includes twenty-six seminal articles from the Oxford Review of Education written by many of…Paperback – 2016-02-28RoutledgeEducation HeritageFood, Science, Policy and Regulation in the Twentieth CenturyInternational and Comparative PerspectivesEdited by Jim Phillips, David F. SmithThis highly topical book offers a comprehensive study of the interaction of food, politics and science over the last hundred years. A range of important case studies, from pasteurisation in Britain to the E coli outbreak offers new material for those interested in science policy and the role of…Paperback – 2016-01-21RoutledgeRoutledge Studies in the Social History of MedicineThe Kurdish SpringA New Map of the Middle EastBy David L. PhillipsKurds are the largest stateless people in the world. An estimated thirty-two million Kurds live in "Kurdistan," which includes parts of Turkey, Iraq, Syria, and Iran—today's "hot spots" in the Middle East. The Kurdish Spring explores the subjugation of Kurds by Arab, Ottoman, and Persian powers for…Paperback – 2015-02-28RoutledgeTeacher Education, the University and the SchoolsPapers for Harry JudgeEdited by David PhillipsUsing the highly successful Oxford model of teacher training and the widely respected work in teacher education of Harry Judge, a number of prominent educationists from around the world contribute chapters on a range of topics relating to the interface between the university and the schools in the…Paperback – 2013-04-15RoutledgeGlobal HealthAn Introduction to Current and Future TrendsBy Kevin McCracken, David R. PhillipsThe health of human populations around the world is constantly changing and the health profiles of most nations in the early twenty-first century global health landscape are unrecognizable compared with those of just a century ago. 
This book examines and explains these health changes and considers…Paperback – 2012-06-07RoutledgeThe Spanish Influenza Pandemic of 1918-1919New PerspectivesEdited by David Killingray, Howard PhillipsThe Spanish Influenza pandemic of 1918-19 was the worst pandemic of modern times, claiming over 30 million lives in less than six months. In the hardest hit societies, everything else was put aside in a bid to cope with its ravages. It left millions orphaned and medical science desperate to find…Paperback – 2011-12-13RoutledgeRoutledge Studies in the Social History of MedicineBureaucratic Culture and Escalating World ProblemsAdvancing the Sociological ImaginationBy Bernard S Phillips, J. David Knottnerus, Bernard S PhillipsOn the fiftieth anniversary of the publication of The Sociological Imagination by C. Wright Mills, the 'bureaucratic ethos' that he described continues to define our world more than ever before. In Bureaucratic Culture and Escalating World Problems eleven contributors systematically continue and…Paperback – 2011-05-30RoutledgePage: 12Advanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search
