



PHOCAS FINANCIAL CORP Alameda CA, 94501 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Phocas Financial Corp
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Phocas Financial Corp



980 Atlantic Ave, Ste 106

Alameda,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 94501-1098
							
							 |  view map


(510) 523-5800

www.phocasfinancial.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

PHOCAS FINANCIAL CORP is in the Investment Advice industry in Alameda, CA.  This company currently has approximately 5 to 10 employees  and  annual sales of $1,000,000 to $4,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Investment Advice
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2005
					

Sales Range:
						$1,000,000 to $4,999,999
					

Employees:
						5 to 10


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

University of Alaska Fairbanks


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Barnes & Noble


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Walbro


Ideal Construction CO


Hammer & CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Phocas Financial Corp
Rate Phocas Financial Corp on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Phocas Financial Corp
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOGUE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
ADVENT I LLC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
AZURADISC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Phocas Financial








Contact Us




About Us

Phocas Financial Corporation was founded in 2005 and is based in Alameda, California. 
The partners include William Schaff, James Murray, Steve Block, and Kevin Granger. 
William, James and Steve are investment professionals who successfully managed 
assets for institutional and private clients at Bay Isle Financial LLC, a 
San Francisco based investment advisory firm. Kevin joined the team 
after working in the institutional "manager of managers" arena that he entered
after leaving General Motors Asset Management.


The Phocas Financial principals have over 80 years of combined investment experience. 
They are well known and highly regarded in the investment community for their investing 
acumen, insight, and experience.





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsAbout UsWilliam SchaffJames MurraySteve BlockKevin GrangerFrances ChiuJustin WallaceContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


Our managers "eat their own cooking" — they invest personally in the same stocks that they acquire for clients.




Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial








Contact Us




Equity REITs

REITs are companies that own, manage, acquire and sometimes develop and sell commercial real estate, 
such as apartments, shopping centers and office buildings.  Owning commercial real estate, 
when not financed with excessive debt, has historically been a solid, low-risk investment. 
Similarly, REIT stocks have historically delivered excellent returns for their investors.



Today, most REITs are active businesses rather than passive investment vehicles for the holding of real 
estate. Smart REIT management teams create value for shareholders by making intelligent acquisition
and disposition decisions, developing properties at attractive returns, and through joint ventures 
with large institutional investors.  


Successful REIT investing requires extensive knowledge of REIT management teams, real estate markets, 
investor expectations, effective deployment of capital, and a thorough knowledge and understanding 
of the world of equity investing.   


Phocas Financial's team of investment advisors has over 80 years of collective experience 
in this specialized asset class.  We have the knowledge and tools necessary to build and manage 
diversified REIT portfolios that deliver long-term value with moderate risk.


Learn More about Phocas' Equity REIT Portfolios


Strategy


Research


Methodology





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsStrategyResearchMethodologyClient ServicesFeesIndividual InvestorsAbout UsContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


The price movements in REIT equities have enjoyed low correlation with other asset classes. This can smooth out the performance of a diversified investment portfolio.

Who Should Invest in REITs?

We believe virtually ALL investors should own REIT stocks as part of their diversified investment portfolios.  


In 2001, the consulting firm Ibbotson Associates completed a study 
that showed that having a REIT component representing 10-20% of a diversified 
investment portfolio has the beneficial effect of increasing investment returns, 
while reducing risk and portfolio volatility.  


Source: Ibbotson Associates Study
commissioned by NAREIT.




Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Phocas Financial








Contact Us




About Us

Phocas Financial Corporation was founded in 2005 and is based in Alameda, California. 
The partners include William Schaff, James Murray, Steve Block, and Kevin Granger. 
William, James and Steve are investment professionals who successfully managed 
assets for institutional and private clients at Bay Isle Financial LLC, a 
San Francisco based investment advisory firm. Kevin joined the team 
after working in the institutional "manager of managers" arena that he entered
after leaving General Motors Asset Management.


The Phocas Financial principals have over 80 years of combined investment experience. 
They are well known and highly regarded in the investment community for their investing 
acumen, insight, and experience.





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsAbout UsWilliam SchaffJames MurraySteve BlockKevin GrangerFrances ChiuJustin WallaceContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


Our managers "eat their own cooking" — they invest personally in the same stocks that they acquire for clients.




Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial








Contact Us





Phocas Financial manages equity portfolios and sub-advises mutual funds 
for institutional investors and investment advisors.  We specialize in U.S. 
Small Cap Value equities, U.S. Large Cap Value equities, and U.S. Equity Real Estate 
Investment Trusts ("REITs"). Our robust investment strategies are designed to 
deliver attractive long-term returns with low turnover and moderate risk.








For investors seeking attractive long-term returns with different risk 
profiles than provided by the large cap equities market, Phocas Financial offers U.S. 
small cap value equities portfolios.  Phocas' 
refined systematic investment methodology seeks out sound or improving small cap equities which 
are significantly undervalued relative to their business fundamentals and peer group.







For investors seeking attractive long-term returns with different risk profiles 
than provided by the small cap equities market, Phocas Financial offers U.S. 
large cap value equities portfolios.  Phocas' 
refined systematic investment methodology seeks out sound or improving large cap 
equities which are significantly undervalued relative to their business fundamentals and peer group. 







For investors seeking attractive long-term returns from real estate securities, 
Phocas Financial offers U.S.  Equity REITs portfolios.  Our 
U.S. equity REIT portfolios are typically composed of 25 to 40 REIT stocks which are expected to 
provide excellent long-term total returns versus related benchmarks with moderate investment risk. 





Phocas Financial's patient, methodological approach to investing is designed to  
help our clients achieve long-term investment success. 


Learn More...


Investment Philosophy


Small Cap Value Equities Portfolios


Equity REITs Portfolios





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsAbout UsContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


Phocas Financial's patient, methodological approach to investing can help your investments achieve long-term success.





Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial








Contact Us




Small Cap Value Equities

Our small cap strategy invests in stocks that resemble those in the Russell 2000 Value Index. Small Cap Value stocks are those small cap stocks that are, or appear to be, undervalued relative to their values implied by their business fundamentals. Phocas measures these valuations using metrics like price-to-earnings and price-to-book ratios, depending on metrics we determine to be appropriate for specific economic sectors.



Successful Small Cap Value investing requires extensive knowledge of Small Cap Value 
management teams, investor expectations, effective deployment of capital, and a thorough 
knowledge and understanding of the world of equity investing. 


Phocas Financial's team of investment managers has over 80 years of collective 
experience analyzing value equities. We have the knowledge and tools necessary 
to build and manage diversified Small Cap Value equities portfolios that deliver 
long-term value with moderate risk. 


Learn More about Phocas' Small Cap Value Equities Portfolios


Strategy


Research


Methodology


Client Services


Fees





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesStrategyResearchMethodologyClient ServicesFeesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsAbout UsContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


Our small cap value equities portfolios uncover stocks that trade at prices below what their business fundamentals imply.






Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial








Contact Us




Individual Investors

Phocas Financial (named for Saint Phocas, the Gardener)
The Phocas Financial ("Phocas") investment team has successfully managed money for
individuals since 1986, and for large institutions, including some of our nations' largest
pension funds and banks since 1996.   This gives Phocas' individual clients direct access
to investment experience and sophistication that is rarely available to individual
investors.


Your Objectives and Investment Context
Each of our clients has a unique life situation with their own investment goals, risk
tolerance and tax situation.   We meet to discuss your life, your objectives and family
situation, your values and how your financial needs might change over time.   Your
resulting portfolio will match your needs, and maximize long-term capital appreciation,
while minimizing unnecessary risk and taxes.


Investment Selection and Philosophy
Phocas selects U.S. stocks, including real estate investment trusts ("REITs"), and income
securities based on in-depth research and sophisticated analyses of individual companies
and the sectors in which they operate. 
  

For other investment types (or "asset classes"), such as international equities, we may
select mutual funds and/or exchange traded funds ("ETFs") with managers whose investment
discipline meets our standards.  We are not seeking home runs, which comes with the risk
inherent in swinging for the fences.

 
Instead, we find funds that have over time had above-average returns.   We also select
funds that have appropriate fees for the services that they provide.   For example, mutual
funds that invest in large, well-covered stocks should charge a much lower fee than a fund
that invests in emerging markets.


We believe that our disciplined approach, and our emphasis upon fundamental investment
value, is optimal to create wealth for our clients in the long term.   



Risk Discussion
We understand that most people measure risk not just by overall fluctuations or
volatility, but also by the probability of losing money.  We minimize business risk by
focusing only on those companies with strong balance sheets, solid histories of generating
earnings and cash flow, and which are leaders in their industries.  We seek to reduce risk
by being disciplined about the valuations at which we buy and sell investments.  Our
models give us reliable indications of the risks of investments we consider.  We aim to
maximize returns without taking on unwanted risk. 

Fees and Transparency
Phocas charges a management fee that is highly competitive.   All professions use a lot of
jargon as internal shorthand.   We try not to subject you to internal references that
might be handy for us, but less relevant for you.  As part of our belief in full
transparency, we try to avoid jargon and speak like normal people.   

Is Your Money in the Right Hands?
When we look at a potential client's existing portfolio, we almost invariably see one or
more of the following:

Too much or too little risk;
Lack of diversification within and across asset types;
Mutual funds with high fees; 
Mutual funds with poor performance; and
Investments that represent a conflict of interest, for example, mutual funds that pay
        the financial adviser for their business, or investments in the firm's own mutual funds.



Learn more about our Investment Process...


Investment Planning


Investment Selection


Tax Management





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsInvestment PlanningInvestment SelectionTax ManagementAbout UsContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


Phocas Financial's patient, methodological approach to investing can help your investments achieve long-term success.




Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial








Contact Us





Phocas Financial manages equity portfolios and sub-advises mutual funds 
for institutional investors and investment advisors.  We specialize in U.S. 
Small Cap Value equities, U.S. Large Cap Value equities, and U.S. Equity Real Estate 
Investment Trusts ("REITs"). Our robust investment strategies are designed to 
deliver attractive long-term returns with low turnover and moderate risk.








For investors seeking attractive long-term returns with different risk 
profiles than provided by the large cap equities market, Phocas Financial offers U.S. 
small cap value equities portfolios.  Phocas' 
refined systematic investment methodology seeks out sound or improving small cap equities which 
are significantly undervalued relative to their business fundamentals and peer group.







For investors seeking attractive long-term returns with different risk profiles 
than provided by the small cap equities market, Phocas Financial offers U.S. 
large cap value equities portfolios.  Phocas' 
refined systematic investment methodology seeks out sound or improving large cap 
equities which are significantly undervalued relative to their business fundamentals and peer group. 







For investors seeking attractive long-term returns from real estate securities, 
Phocas Financial offers U.S.  Equity REITs portfolios.  Our 
U.S. equity REIT portfolios are typically composed of 25 to 40 REIT stocks which are expected to 
provide excellent long-term total returns versus related benchmarks with moderate investment risk. 





Phocas Financial's patient, methodological approach to investing is designed to  
help our clients achieve long-term investment success. 


Learn More...


Investment Philosophy


Small Cap Value Equities Portfolios


Equity REITs Portfolios





HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsAbout UsContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


Phocas Financial's patient, methodological approach to investing can help your investments achieve long-term success.





Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial Corporation                                                                                             - Alameda                                           , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Alameda



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Phocas Financial Corporation
                                    



 





















P 


Phocas Financial Corporation                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



980 ATLANTIC AVE STE 106 ALAMEDA, CA 94501
Get Directions



(510) 523-5800
www.phocasfinancial.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,000,000.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts William Schaff                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Phocas Financial Corporation                                                                                             has been providing Investment Advice from Alameda. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















Phocas Financial Has Raised Its Hd Supply Holdings (HDS) Position; Merus Labs International (MSLI) Shorts Lowered By 3.89% - Money Making Articles Hot Stuff






 


















 





















 




































All News
Business
Tech

Tech
Finance
About
Contributors
Contacts




Today's Date:  Friday, July 28th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						





Phocas Financial Has Raised Its Hd Supply Holdings (HDS) Position; Merus Labs International (MSLI) Shorts Lowered By 3.89%


					
						July 27, 2017 - By Adrian Erickson

Phocas Financial Corp increased Hd Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) stake by 35.12% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Phocas Financial Corp acquired 40,431 shares as Hd Supply Holdings Inc (HDS)’s stock declined 3.14%. The Phocas Financial Corp holds 155,554 shares with $6.61M value, up from 115,123 last quarter. Hd Supply Holdings Inc now has $6.56 billion valuation. The stock rose 0.56% or $0.18 reaching $32.36 per share. About 1.44M shares traded. HD Supply Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HDS) has risen 25.80% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 9.10% the S&P500.







 Merus Labs International Incorporated (NASDAQ:MSLI) had a decrease of 3.89% in short interest. MSLI’s SI was 1.21 million shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 3.89% from 1.26M shares previously. With 32,600 avg volume, 37 days are for Merus Labs International Incorporated (NASDAQ:MSLI)’s short sellers to cover MSLI’s short positions. The SI to Merus Labs International Incorporated’s float is 1.09%. It is 0.00% or $0 reaching $1.3 per share. It is down 14.49% since July 27, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 31.19% the S&P500.
Merus Labs International Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $153.19 million. The Firm is engaged in the acquisition and licensing of branded prescription pharmaceutical products. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s products include Elantan, Isoket, Deponit, Sintrom, Emselex/Enablex, Surgestone, Provames, Speciafoldine, Tredemine, Salagen, Estraderm MX and Vancocin.
Among 3 analysts covering Merus Labs International (NASDAQ:MSLI), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 67% are positive. Merus Labs International had 4 analyst reports since September 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. IBC initiated the stock with “Sector Outperform” rating in Monday, November 30 report. The firm has “Buy” rating by Mackie given on Monday, September 21. The firm earned “Neutral” rating on Thursday, December 15 by IBC. The firm has “Outperform” rating by Scotia Capital given on Thursday, October 15.
Among 15 analysts covering HD Supply Holdings (NASDAQ:HDS), 7 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 8 Hold. Therefore 47% are positive. HD Supply Holdings had 38 analyst reports since July 30, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of HD Supply Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HDS) earned “Overweight” rating by Barclays Capital on Monday, October 5. The rating was maintained by Credit Suisse on Thursday, December 10 with “Outperform”. The firm has “Hold” rating by Drexel Hamilton given on Wednesday, June 7. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Wednesday, June 7 report. The firm has “Outperform” rating given on Thursday, July 30 by RBC Capital Markets. Robert W. Baird downgraded HD Supply Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HDS) rating on Wednesday, June 7. Robert W. Baird has “Neutral” rating and $37 target. On Wednesday, June 14 the stock rating was downgraded by Susquehanna to “Neutral”. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Wednesday, December 7 by Suntrust Robinson. The firm has “Outperform” rating given on Thursday, September 10 by RBC Capital Markets. The stock of HD Supply Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HDS) has “Outperform” rating given on Friday, June 17 by Credit Suisse.

 - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.







By Adrian Erickson


  

 



 
 
Free Email Newsletter
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







  Recent Posts 

IntriCon (IIN) EPS Estimated At $-0.04, Lombard Odier Asset Management Switzerland Sa Has Lowered Stryker (SYK) Holding


Boulegeris Investments Trimmed Its Ppg Inds (PPG) Position; Lombard Odier Asset Management Switzerland Sa Lifted Brunswick (BC) Holding


Oakbrook Investments Has Lifted The Walt Disney Company (DIS) Stake, Harvey Partners Has Lowered By $2.11 Million Its Marvell Technology Group LTD (MRVL) Position


Sit Investment Associates Cut Macquarie Infrastructure (MIC) Holding By $823,365, Clean Harbors (CLH) Had 7 Bulls


HollyFrontier (HFC) EPS Estimated At $0.53; Redhill Biopharma Limited Ads (RDHL) Shorts Raised By 12.1%


Analysts See $0.81 EPS for Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), 11 Bullish Analysts Covering Huntington Bancshares (HBAN)


Polaris Wealth Advisers Lifted Marsh & Mclennan Cos (MMC) Position By $481,529, Ashford Capital Management Boosted Viasat  (VSAT) Holding By $4.13 Million


$1.03 EPS Expected for Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN); United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund Has Lifted By $7.79 Million Its Fortune Brand Homes & Security (FBHS) Position


$0.47 EPS Expected for Subaru (ADR) (FUJHY); 1 Analysts Are Bullish Avianca Holdings SA (ADR) (AVH) Last Week


Analysts See $1.46 EPS for Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT), Nokota Management LP Trimmed Caesars Entmt (CZR) Holding


  








© Copyright 2016 MMAHotStuff - mmahotstuff.com - All Rights Reserved. -  About - Editorial - Contact














            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	  

























Phocas Financial








Contact Us




Contact Us
To start a relationship with Phocas Financial, or find out more about our services, please don't hesitate to contact us at the telephone number or email below.  

510-523-5800
info@phocasfinancial.com
980 Atlantic AvenueSuite 106
Alameda, CA 94501
Map and Directions




HomeInvestment PhilosophySmall Cap Value EquitiesLarge Cap Value EquitiesEquity REITsIndividual InvestorsAbout UsContact Us Other Resources
Russell Indices 


We can help you build a stable, diversified portfolio. Contact us today.




Copyright © 2017 Phocas Financial
Terms of Service








Phocas Financial Corporation | Wealthminder











































Phocas Financial Corporation


Phocas Financial Corporation
(CRD# 135470) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Alameda, CA.
They
manage $1,437,491,303 in 238 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Phocas Financial Corporation




980 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 106,
Alameda,
CA
94501
510-523-5800
http://www.phocasfinancial.com




http://www.phocasfinancial.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,437
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

238
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$6,039,879







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA






Financial Advisors at Phocas Financial Corporation




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















James A. Murray



CRD#:
2651053



980 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 106,
Alameda,
CA
94501




96

Wealthminder
score








James Murray (CRD# 2651053) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Phocas Financial Corporation in Alameda, CA and has 
over 20 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Kevin F. Granger



CRD#:
2093058



980 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 106,
Alameda,
CA
94501




93

Wealthminder
score








Kevin Granger (CRD# 2093058) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Phocas Financial Corporation in Alameda, CA and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Stephen L. Block



CRD#:
4584035



980 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 106,
Alameda,
CA
94501




90

Wealthminder
score








Stephen Block (CRD# 4584035) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Phocas Financial Corporation in Alameda, CA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






4















William F. Schaff



CRD#:
1577475



980 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 106,
Alameda,
CA
94501




71

Wealthminder
score








William Schaff (CRD# 1577475) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Phocas Financial Corporation in Alameda, CA and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.
William Schaff has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now





















Phocas Financial Corporation - Subadvisor- Wells Fargo Funds

 
 
 













        	Investment Professional
    	




Skip to main content





 





Site Search





 














 



Beginning of content


Subadvisor
Phocas Financial Corporation


Phocas Financial Corporation is a registered investment advisor that was founded in 2005 and is based in Alameda, California. Phocas selects and manages equity investments for institutional investors, individuals, and investment advisors. Phocas’ robust investment strategies are designed to deliver attractive long-term returns with low turnover and moderate risk.
	                    









Footer


Follow us
 AdvantageVoice Blog

 Twitter

 YouTube


© 2017 Wells Fargo Asset Management (WFAM) is a trade name used by the asset management businesses of Wells Fargo & Company. Wells Fargo Funds Management, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo & Company, provides investment advisory and administrative services for Wells Fargo Funds. Other affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company provide subadvisory and other services for the funds. The funds are distributed by Wells Fargo Funds Distributor, LLC, Member FINRA, an affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. Neither Wells Fargo Funds Management nor Wells Fargo Funds Distributor has fund customer accounts/assets, and neither provides investment advice/recommendations or acts as an investment advice fiduciary to any investor.



NOT FDIC INSURED
NO BANK GUARANTEE
MAY LOSE VALUE




 Prospectus

 Online Terms of Use

 Policies

 Website Security

 Help

 About Us





 










News on Phocas Financial Corp.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        Phocas Financial Corp.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Phocas Financial Corp.











Phocas ranks #1 in 16 categories in world`s largest BI software review (BARC The BI Survey 16) 


                                December 5, 2016                                 • 
                                ICT Monitor Worldwide                            


                                  ... Phocas, a global provider of Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Analytics solutions, has ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Phocas Financial Corp.







Alumni of Phocas Financial Corp.







Phocas Financial Corp.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Phocas Financial Corporation












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Phocas Financial Corporation, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Phocas Financial Corporation

Company Information:Name:Phocas Financial CorporationAddress:980 Atlantic AvenueSuite 106Alameda, CA 94501Phone:(510) 523-5800Website:www.phocasfinancial.comCompany Products:


Phocas Financial Corporation Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets



























































best live chat

 









<< Back to Search






Phocas Financial Corp

			Loading your recognition...
		


									Other recognitions for
									Phocas Financial Corp:									
								

Top Performing ManagersThe Largest Money ManagersLargest Independent RIA Firms In The Bay Area 

 

 










 

