
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Phynd Technologies Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:44 AM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Phynd Technologies Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Phynd Technologies Inc. operates a Software-as-a-Service based data management platform that enables healthcare organizations to manage healthcare provider data across multiple systems and departments in the United States. The company’s Unified Provider Management (UPM) platform enables healthcare organizations to gather, manage, and share mission-critical provider data across their core IT systems to enhance financial results and clinical outcomes, while reducing compliance risk. Its UPM platform allows managing and maintaining billing address, communication preferences, licensing, internal system IDs, direct addresses, exclusionary lists, and contracting. It also provides Phynd verificatio...
Phynd Technologies Inc. operates a Software-as-a-Service based data management platform that enables healthcare organizations to manage healthcare provider data across multiple systems and departments in the United States. The company’s Unified Provider Management (UPM) platform enables healthcare organizations to gather, manage, and share mission-critical provider data across their core IT systems to enhance financial results and clinical outcomes, while reducing compliance risk. Its UPM platform allows managing and maintaining billing address, communication preferences, licensing, internal system IDs, direct addresses, exclusionary lists, and contracting. It also provides Phynd verification services. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Dallas, Texas.
Detailed Description


7530 East Grand AvenueSuite BDallas, TX 75214United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 855-749-6363

www.phynd.com







Key Executives for Phynd Technologies Inc.




Mr. Thomas White


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      








Mr. Peter White


      	Chairman & Chief Product Officer
      








Mr. Will Baker


      	Vice President of Client Engagement
      








Mr. Rehman Masood


      	Director of Integration Services
      








Mr. Blake Marable


      	Director of Sales Operations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Phynd Technologies Inc. Key Developments

Phynd Technologies, Inc. Announces Release of Phynd v2.0
Nov 28 16
Phynd Technologies, Inc. announced the release of Phynd v2.0, the next step in the evolution of provider data management and Phynd's Unified Provider Management (UPM) software platform. Phynd is leading the charge to simplify provider data management and drive workflows involving provider data. Phynd 2.0 will enhance an organizations ability to improve their financial results, clinical outcomes, staff productivity and regulatory compliance by ensuring more accurate and complete provider data. It includes the following: Version 2.0 Phynd users will be able to drive ROI on revenue cycle, clinical performance and marketing with new reports that enable mining of provider data for compliance issues, sanctions, referral patterns and billing address changes. Data can be previewed and manipulated from the Phynd web user interface using the new Live Report Module, allowing for live data manipulation without downloading the data. Enhanced address management capability completes Phynd's move to address standardization, using USPS standards throughout the product. This will help maintain provider data quality and consistency. Work list enhancements and new workflow tools will save time when reviewing non-compliant addresses to find a compliant and best possible address. A new Confidence Ranking compares all provider addresses and offers only the best possible addresses for that provider. This saves time by further streamlining address management workflow. Phynd Technologies is also pleased to announce that two new healthcare systems will begin using the Phynd UPM platform to improve and manage the accuracy of their healthcare provider data. The NorthShore University Health System (Chicago, IL) will use the Phynd UPM platform to manage approximately 20,000 providers across their four hospitals, while Valley Children's Healthcare (Madera, CA) will manage approximately 5,000 providers.


Two Healthcare Systems Uses PHYND Technologies, Inc.'s Phynd Unified Provider Management
Aug 31 16
Phynd Technologies, Inc. announced that two large healthcare systems will begin using the Phynd Unified Provider Management (UPM) platform to improve and manage the accuracy of their healthcare provider data. The University of North Carolina Health System (UNC Health Care) will use the Phynd UPM platform to manage more than 35,000 providers across their six hospitals, while the Franciscan Alliance (IN) plans to manage more than 50,000 providers across their 14 hospitals. The Phynd Unified Provider Management (UPM) Platform will enable both organizations to improve their financial results, clinical outcomes, staff productivity and regulatory compliance by providing a secure, enterprise IT platform for gathering, managing, and sharing critical data about the licensed providers that care for their patients.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 30, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Phynd Technologies Inc., please visit www.phynd.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Phynd Technologies Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























phynd technologies inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software





Corporate Information
Address:

Kearney, NE
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































PHYND Contact Information














































Log In
Phynd Platform
Learn More
Blog
Contact







































Contact Us

Corporate Office
PHYND Technologies810 East 56th Street, Suite 1Kearney, Nebraska 68847 1 (855) 749-6363

Texas Office
PHYND Technologies6301 Gaston Ave, Suite 545Dallas, Texas 75214 1 (855) 749-6363


PHYND Us
      













Sales and Tech Support:
(Toll-Free)
  1.855.749.6363(PHYND ME)




Partners Call: 
(Toll-free)
  1.855-749-6363 Ext 710










Let's get in touch

Do you have a question about our product or want to request a demo?
 Request a Demo
 Join Us in a Webinar

 Send us an Email








Send Us an Email











NEWS: 
Nebraska Co-Funds Research to Show Cost Savings that Hospitals Gain from Provider Profile Platform PHYND Technologies has been awarded a grant from the Nebraska Department of Economic Development to compare and analyze how much...
 See the Press Release

PHYND: Provider Network Management Platform
Work-flow driven platform for sharing comprehensive, verified provider information... 
 See the Brochure

PHYNDER Provider Verification Services
Because Your Time is Valuable. The PHYNDER verification service from PHYND Technologies solves the problem with tools, services and reports that enable your organization to have current and quality information on your providers.
 See the Brochure







































ABOUT US
Launched in 2013, Phynd offers a Unified Provider Management (UPM) Platform that enables healthcare organizations to unify, manage, customize, and securely share mission-critical provider information across their core IT systems to improve financial results, clinical outcomes, and compliance. 




COMPANY

History
Team
Investors
Advisors
Latest News





PRODUCT

Case Studies
How Phynd Works
Customers
FAQs
Whitepaper
eBook





CONNECT

Contact Us
Upcoming Events
Register/Login
Careers





ADDRESS
Phynd Technologies Inc.
810 East 56th Street, Suite 1
Kearney, Nebraska 68847
P: (855) 749-6363





















© 2016 Phynd Technologies Inc. All Rights Reserved.




Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions













































Phynd Enterprise Provider Data Management Solution

















































What
How

Interoperability

Resources
Blog
Contact
About
Log In

















































Seek and ye shall Phynd
Phynd Enterprise Provider Data Management (EPDM) solutions





































Simplify provider data management







































Each month, 20,000 US healthcare providers change their address or contact information





Every year, 300,000 healthcare providers change their hospital or practice-group affiliations





Every year, 50,000 healthcare provider change their license status





30% of the quality scoring system that determines the dispersion of withheld Medicare reimbursements is tied to patient satisfaction scores





The healthcare industry experienced the most cyber attacks of any industry with over 100 million records compromised





30-40% of healthcare provider records has data quality issues





12% of provider records have inaccurate or missing NPI numbers





25% of medical claims fall out of the auto-adjudication process due to provider data quality problems





10-14% of all mail sent to healthcare providers is returned. Every 100,000 pieces of mail returned costs $400,000





Researching and updating provider information typically takes 20-40 minutes per provider at an average cost of $8-15 per provider





20-40 minutes ($8-15) is required to research and update a single healthcare provider’s data
































Phynd Enterprise Provider Data Management (EPDM) Solution




















Phynd EPDM provides healthcare systems suite of SaaS applications and  professional services to continuously gather, manage and share high  quality provider data across clinical networks.










































With Phynd EPDM, you can






















Accelerate your revenue cycle to maximise timely reimbursements and





Streamline your clinical communications to improve patient care





Enrich your online provider search to reduce referral leakage





Boost your operational productivity by democratizing the management of provider data





Improve your risk management and compliance to avoid fines and penalties





Enhance the consumer experience and reinforce your brand
































The Provider Data Management Challenge




















Provider data drives the most fundamental processes in health care, yet this asset continues to be undermanaged and inefficiently maintained. Provider data is stored in multiple systems, but it is not shared and managed across the enterprise.













 
 
 





Phynd’s EPDM solution solves the provider data management challenge with an enterprise solution to gather, manage and share provider data








































How good is your provider data?























Clinical Systems

Do you have…

Independent and siloed systems that impede information exchange and hinder care coordination?
Expensive and highly-trained resources performing tedious time-consuming data updates?
Hard to use tools to manage new data elements (e.g., Direct address)?
Past instances of provider licensure or sanction issues?












Financial Systems

Do you have…

Delayed or lost revenue resulting from an inefficient revenue cycle?
High labor costs associated with adding new referring providers?
Past instances of non-compliance that affected Meaningful Use reimbursements?












Marketing Systems

Do you have…

Patient referral leakage and revenue challenges resulting from poor online bad search results?
Issues associating your providers to various affiliate websites (hospital, CIN, ACO)?
Negative patient feedback about their online experiences?
Past instances of fines from inaccurate provider directories?













If you answered “Yes” to one or more of these questions, you could be risking patient well-being, revenues, and reputation


































Phynd EPDM is simplifying provider data management for some of the most respected healthcare systems in the US.






























Multiple ownership types
- 75% non-profit
- 15% for-profit
- 10% public







500,000 providers
-60,000 credentialed
-440,000 referring







140 hospitals
-33,000 beds
-20 states







450 Phynd EPDM users
-300 end users
-100 group admins
-50 admins

































































Multiple ownership types

75% non-profit
15% for-profit
10% public













500,000 providers

60,000 credentialed
440,000 referring













140 hospitals

33,000 beds
20 states













450 Phynd EPDM users

300 end users
100 group admins
50 admins










































Learn how Phynd EPDM enabled Kettering to enhance clinical communications, improve referral management and reduce regulatory risk by efficiently managing their composite provider profiles.
Quick Facts:

20,000 providers (2,000 credentialed, 18,000 referring)
7 hospitals, 1,600 beds
Epic and Morrisey client

Read More


















See how Presence Health improved their revenue cycle and optimized their marketing outreach with Phynd EPDM high quality provider data.
Quick Facts:

50,000 providers (6,000 credentialed, 44,000 referring)
11 hospitals, 2,200 beds
Epic and MD-Staff client

Read More









































top




































COMPANY

History
About
Investors
Advisors
Latest News





RESOURCES

Case Studies
Clients
Phynd UPM FAQs
Phynd A Doc FAQs
Whitepaper
eBook





CONNECT

Contact Us

Register/Login
Careers





ADDRESS
Phynd Technologies, Inc.
7530 E. Grand Ave.
Suite B
Dallas, TX 75214
P: 855-749-6363





















©2017 Phynd Technologies Inc. All Rights Reserved.




Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions









































Phynd Technologies Releases Major Software Upgrade



























































What
How

Interoperability

Resources
Blog
Contact
About
Log In

































News and Information Blog




Home
Phynd Blog
Phynd Technologies Releases Major Software Upgrade





























Phynd Technologies Releases Major Software Upgrade


                         
                                         By Blake Marable | 
                                         November 
                                         29, 
                                         2016
                                       
                    






Tweet

















 

Phynd Technologies, Inc. is excited to announce the release of Phynd v2.0, the next step in the evolution of provider data management and Phynd’s Unified Provider Management (UPM) software platform. Phynd is leading the charge to simplify provider data management and simplify workflows involving provider data.
Phynd 2.0 will enhance an organizations ability to improve their financial results, clinical outcomes, staff productivity and regulatory compliance by ensuring more accurate and complete provider data.  Phynd 2.0 includes the following:

Version 2.0 Phynd users will be able to drive ROI on rev cycle, clinical performance and marketing with new reports that will enable mining of provider data for compliance issues, sanctions, referral patterns and billing address changes.
Data can be previewed and manipulated from the Phynd web user interface (website) using the new Live Report Module, without having to export the data allowing for live manipulation without downloading the data.
Enhanced address management capability completes Phynd’s move to address standardization, using USPS standards as supported throughout the product. This will help maintain provider data quality and consistency.
Work list enhancements and new workflow tools will save time when reviewing non-compliant addresses to find a compliant and best possible address. Clients can now keep their version of an address, even if Phynd determines that it is non-compliant.
A new Confidence Ranking allows Phynd to compare all addresses for a provider and offer our clients only the best possible addresses for that provider. This saves time by further streamlining the workflow related to address management.

In today’s challenging environment healthcare system leaders can no longer afford to deny the critical role of provider data in running their business. They should take a proactive approach to provider data management.  The Phynd UPM platform enables health systems to immediately improve care coordination, revenue cycle, billing/ordering, referral management, risk management and marketing. In today’s increasingly integrated, value-based care market, accurate provider data is critical for running an efficient, competitive, and profitable healthcare system.
For more information, read our complete press release here
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/phynd-technologies-releases-major-software-upgrade-and-expands-customer-base-300368853.html?tc=eml_cleartime

 Topics:
                        
                            unified provider management platform,
                        
                            emr,
                        
                            provider data management,
                        
                            value-based care,
                        
                            new release,
                        
                            upgrade









Written by Blake Marable
Blake has over 10 years of experience implementing and selling technology solutions to health systems across the US. As Director of Sales, he has responsibility over sales of the Phynd platform. Blake thrives on bringing innovative technology to solve complex issues in healthcare.


LinkedIn



































 Subscribe to our Blog

















Tweets by @PHYNDTech



















top




































COMPANY

History
About
Investors
Advisors
Latest News





RESOURCES

Case Studies
Clients
Phynd UPM FAQs
Phynd A Doc FAQs
Whitepaper
eBook





CONNECT

Contact Us

Register/Login
Careers





ADDRESS
Phynd Technologies, Inc.
7530 E. Grand Ave.
Suite B
Dallas, TX 75214
P: 855-749-6363





















©2017 Phynd Technologies Inc. All Rights Reserved.




Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions





















































PHYND Cloud-based Provider Information Management | Login




























 Phynd Release Notice and Information

General Information

 Phynd released a new product update on April 15th
 This release included many new features and standard maintenance
 Please consult your CSM for the Full Release Scope


 Some changes won't take effect until
					your browser cache is cleared. Click here to learn how.












Sign in to Phynd


 
















 Log In




Forgot your password?






© 2017 Phynd Technologies Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions






Email


Verifying Email



Email Sent Successfully
























Tyson Hyatt | PHYND Technologies, Inc. | Email @phynd.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Tyson Hyatt

 PHYND Technologies, Inc.  Director of Product Management


Updated On : 
                    Feb 10, 2017                            

export












Email Address: Email not Avail
                                        


7530 E. Grand Ave,

Dallas, TX 75214


Email format for @phynd.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                        Software                    
SIC Code:  
                         7372  - Prepackaged Software








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Tyson Hyatt is the current Director of Product Management. You can find Tyson Hyatt's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on PHYND Technologies, Inc.'s Lead411 profile, as well as PHYND Technologies, Inc. email addresses with the @phynd.com domain format. Tyson Hyatt's email may or may not be inside the profile.  PHYND Technologies, Inc. is situated in Dallas, TX. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Software.  Some possible email formats for Tyson Hyatt are THyatt@phynd.com, Tyson.Hyatt@phynd.com, Tyson@phynd.com, and Tyson_Hyatt@phynd.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@phynd.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Tyson Hackbarth - Executive
Need to know Tyson Hackbarth's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Modern Woodmen of America's Lead411 profile.  Tyson Hackbarth is the Regional Director for Modern Woodmen of America, an organization which has its base in , .  One can also find Modern Woodmen of America email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @mwacareers.org url.  Financial services is Modern Woodmen of America's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Tyson Hackbarth are THackbarth@mwacareers.org, Tyson.Hackbarth@mwacareers.org, Tyson@mwacareers.org, and Tyson_Hackbarth@mwacareers.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mwacareers.org addresses.
Tyson Hagale - Executive
For Leggett & Platt, Inc. email addresses with the @leggett.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Tyson Hagale, you may check in Leggett & Platt, Inc.'s Lead411 profile. Tyson Hagale is currently the Home Furniture Components/Director-Market, Planning & Development for Leggett & Platt, Inc.. The company's CEO is Karl Glassman. The contact information of Leggett & Platt, Inc. on Lead411 is filed under the Furniture/fixtures. Their main offices are in Carthage, MO.  Some possible email formats for Tyson Hagale are THagale@leggett.com, Tyson.Hagale@leggett.com, Tyson@leggett.com, and Tyson_Hagale@leggett.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@leggett.com addresses.
Tyson Hahn - Other
Need to know Tyson Hahn's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Shermco Industries Inc's Lead411 profile.  Tyson Hahn is the Operations Coordinator for Shermco Industries Inc, an organization which has its base in Irving, TX.  One can also find Shermco Industries Inc email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @shermco.com url.  Materials/manufacturing is Shermco Industries Inc's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Tyson Hahn are THahn@shermco.com, Tyson.Hahn@shermco.com, Tyson@shermco.com, and Tyson_Hahn@shermco.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@shermco.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Thomas White - Executive
PHYND Technologies, Inc.'s CEO/Founder is Thomas White. They are based in Dallas, TX, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Software industry. Thomas White's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other PHYND Technologies, Inc. contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @phynd.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Thomas White are TWhite@phynd.com, Thomas.White@phynd.com, Thomas@phynd.com, and Thomas_White@phynd.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@phynd.com addresses.
Blake Marable - Sales - Marketing
Need to know Blake Marable's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on PHYND Technologies, Inc.'s Lead411 profile.  Blake Marable is the Director of Sales for PHYND Technologies, Inc., an organization which has its base in Dallas, TX.  One can also find PHYND Technologies, Inc. email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @phynd.com url.  Software is PHYND Technologies, Inc.'s industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Blake Marable are BMarable@phynd.com, Blake.Marable@phynd.com, Blake@phynd.com, and Blake_Marable@phynd.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@phynd.com addresses.
Luis Hernandez - Executive
PHYND Technologies, Inc.'s Customer Success Manager is Luis Hernandez. They are based in Dallas, TX, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Software industry. Luis Hernandez's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other PHYND Technologies, Inc. contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @phynd.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Luis Hernandez are LHernandez@phynd.com, Luis.Hernandez@phynd.com, Luis@phynd.com, and Luis_Hernandez@phynd.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@phynd.com addresses.

People Directory > Tyson Hyatt

















