










 






Home | WiSP Services, LLC - 4G LTE & Monetized WiFi Experts










































Written Information Security Program (WISP)












 






























  
			     	    




   Home 
              > Policies/Form > Written Information Security Program









































 




 


Click here to download or print this policy

Written  Information Security Program (WISP)
Responsible Office: University Systems and Security Effective Date:  05/26/2016 
Responsible Official: Chief Information Security Officer Last Revision:  03/25/2016 
I. 	OBJECTIVE 

The objective of Fairleigh Dickinson University ("University") in the development and implementation of this comprehensive Written Information Security Program ("WISP") is to create effective administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the protection of Personal Information ("PI") and Protected Health Information ("PHI").  The WISP sets forth the University's procedure for evaluating its electronic and physical methods of accessing, collecting, storing, using, transmitting, and protecting PI and PHI.
For purposes of this WISP, PI means someone's name and any one of the following data elements: 

Social Security number, Social Insurance number, National Insurance number, or equivalent;
Date of birth (MM/DD/YYYY),
Driver's license number or state-issued identification card number; 
Financial account number, or credit or debit card number, with or without any required security code, access code, personal identification number or password, that would permit access to an individual's financial account;
Passport number;
Medical history, mental or physical condition, or medical treatment or diagnosis by a health care professional or health insurance information; or
Username or email address coupled with a password or security question and answer or any portion of any item in the list above that would permit access to an online account.
Student/Employee (i.e., Datatel) ID number coupled with a password or security question and answer or any portion of any item in the list above that would permit access to an online account.

For purposes of this WISP, PHI includes information that is created, received, and/or maintained by the University that is related to an individual's health care (or payment related to health care) that directly or indirectly identifies the individual. 
PI or PHI shall not include information that is lawfully obtained from publicly available information, or from federal, state or local government records lawfully made available to the general public. 
II.	 PURPOSE 
The purpose of the WISP is to better:  

Ensure the security and confidentiality of PI and PHI; 
Protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and
Protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information in a manner that creates a substantial risk of identity theft or fraud. 

III. 	SCOPE 
In formulating and implementing this WISP, the University has addressed and incorporated the following protocols: 

identified reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks to the security, confidentiality, and/or integrity of any electronic, paper or other records containing PI and PHI; 
assessed the likelihood and potential damage of these threats, taking into consideration the sensitivity of the PI and PHI;
evaluated the sufficiency of existing policies, procedures, information systems, and other safeguards in place to control risks; 
designed and implemented a WISP that puts safeguards in place to minimize those risks, consistent with the requirements of the regulations in this document; and
implemented regular monitoring of the effectiveness of those safeguards.

IV.	 DATA SECURITY COORDINATOR 
The University has designated the Chief Information Security Officer, working together with the Data Security Information Response Team (DSIRT), to implement, supervise and maintain the WISP. Together, they will be responsible for:  

Initial implementation of the WISP;  
Regular testing of the WISP's safeguards; 
Evaluating the ability of each of the University's third party service providers to implement and maintain appropriate security measures for the PI and PHI to which the University has permitted them access, consistent with the regulations outlined in this document; and requiring such third party service providers by contract to implement and maintain appropriate security measures; 
Reviewing the scope of the security measures in the WISP at appropriate intervals, including the review of any material change in the University's business practices that may implicate the security or integrity of records containing PI and PHI; and
Conducting training sessions for all University employees, and independent contractors, including temporary and contract employees, who have access to PI and PHI on the elements of the WISP. All attendees at such training sessions are required to certify their attendance at the training, and their familiarity with University requirements for ensuring the protection of PI and PHI.

V.	INTERNAL RISKS 
To combat internal risks to the security, confidentiality, and/or integrity of any electronic, paper or other records containing PI and PHI, and evaluating and improving, where necessary, the effectiveness of the current safeguards for limiting such risks, the following measures are mandatory and effective immediately:  
Internal Threats

The University shall only collect PI and PHI of students, their parents, alumni, donors, suppliers, vendors, independent contractors or employees that is necessary to accomplish the University's legitimate need to access said records, and for a legitimate job-related purpose, or necessary for University to comply with state or federal regulations. 
Access to records containing PI and PHI shall be limited to those persons who are reasonably required to know such information in order to accomplish a University legitimate business purpose or to enable the University to comply with state or federal regulations.  
All persons who fail to comply with this WISP shall be subject to disciplinary measures, up to and including termination, irrespective of whether PI and PHI was actually accessed or used without authorization. Any such discipline shall be in accordance with processes and procedures of Human Resources and subject to any protections afforded under the University's agreement with "Office & Professional Employees International Union", the "Faculty Handbook", and similar documents. 

Access to PI and PHI shall be restricted to authorized University personnel only.
Any PI and PHI stored shall be disposed of when no longer needed for business purposes or required by law for storage.  Paper or electronic records (including records stored on hard drives or other electronic media) containing PI and PHI shall be disposed of only in a manner that complies with the regulations outlined in this document and as follows:  
                	

Paper documents containing PI and PHI shall be shredded upon disposal so that PI and PHI cannot be practicably read or reconstructed; and
Electronic media and other non-paper media containing PI and PHI shall be destroyed or erased upon disposal so that PI and PHI cannot be practicably read or reconstructed.


A copy of this WISP must be distributed to each current University employee and to each new University employee at the commencement of their employment.  
Procedures for Terminated Employees
(whether voluntary or involuntary)

Terminated employees must return all records containing PI and PHI, in any form that may at the time of such termination be in the former employee's possession (including all such information stored on laptops or other portable devices or media, and in files, records, work papers, etc.)
A terminated employee's physical and electronic access to PI and PHI must be immediately blocked. Such terminated employee shall be required to surrender all keys, IDs or access codes or badges, business cards, and the like, that permit access to the firm's premises or information. Moreover, such terminated employee's remote electronic access to personal information must be disabled; and his/her voicemail access, e-mail access, internet access, and passwords must be invalidated.


Physical Assets Protocol


All assets must be secured from theft by locking up and maintaining a secure workplace, whether that work takes place in University stores, offices, at a client site, in a car, hotel or in a home.  
                    

All University laptops shall be deployed with encryption capabilities enabled. End users may not disable such encryption. Exceptions to this policy are as follows:
                        

With the explicit written authorization of the CISO;
May be disabled by OIRT personnel for temporary maintenance purposes only;
Loaner laptops temporarily assigned with the understanding they will not be used to store or access any information that is considered to be protected under this policy.


All laptops should be placed in the trunk of vehicle when and wherever they are parked. If no secure trunk or other storage is available, employees should, whenever possible, keep their laptops in their possession or find a way to secure and conceal it.
Laptops, PDAs, phones and other portable devices that may contain or have access to PI and/or PHI left in the office or at home over night should be kept in a locked and secure location.
Employees must have assets secured or within their physical possession while on public or private transportation, including air travel.
Files containing PI and/or PHI are not to be stored on local computer hard drives, shared drives or other external media (which include externally hosted services such as, but not limited to OneDrive, Google, and Drop Box) without prior written authorization from the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). If approved, the method of storage and access to the data will be determined by the CISO during the discussion and placed in writing. (See Appendix I for more detail).




Access Control Protocol


Access to electronically stored PI and PHI shall be electronically limited to those University employees having a unique log-in ID.  
Employees must ensure that all computer systems under their control are locked when leaving their respective workspaces.  Employees must not disable any logon access.
Employees must log off of the VPN or Virtual Desktop (VDI) when they are not directly using those resources.
All Ellucian (Datatel) sessions that have been inactive for 60 or more minutes shall require re-log-in. 
After 5 unsuccessful log-in attempts by any Ellucian (Datatel) or Novell user ID, that user ID will be blocked from accessing those systems until access privileges are re-established by University Systems and Security.   
Employees must maintain the confidentiality of passwords and access controls:
                    	

All Ellucian (Datatel), MS Active Directory or Novell passwords are required to adhere to strong password rules.
All Ellucian (Datatel), MS Active Directory or Novell passwords are required to be changed every 3 months.
Employees must not share accounts or passwords with anyone.
Employees should not record passwords on paper or in a document or in a place where someone other than the employee might have access to it. Tip: The University has identified a password vault application (Keepass); those interested should open a ticket with the UTAC requesting assistance on setting it up.


Where practical, all external or internal visitors to a department are restricted from areas where files containing PI and PHI are stored. Alternatively, visitors must be escorted or accompanied by an approved employee in any area where files containing PI and PHI are stored.   



VI.	EXTERNAL RISKS 
To combat external risks to the security, confidentiality, and/or integrity of any electronic, paper or other records containing PI and PHI, and evaluating and improving, where necessary, the effectiveness of the current safeguards for limiting such risks, the following measures are mandatory and effective immediately:
External Threats

Firewall protection, operating system security patches, and all software products shall be reasonably up-to-date and installed on any computer that stores or processes PI and PHI. 
All system security software including, anti-virus, anti-malware, and internet security shall be reasonably up-to-date and installed on any computer that stores or processes PI and PHI.
To protect against external threats, all PI and PHI shall be handled in accordance with the protocols set forth above under "Internal Threats". 
In the event an individual inadvertently discovers he/she received PI or PHI from an external party, such PI or PHI shall be handled in accordance with the protocols set forth under "Internal Threats".
There shall be secure user authentication protocols in place that:
                	

Control user ID and other identifiers;
Assigns passwords in a manner that conforms to accepted security standards, or applies the use of unique identifier technologies;
Control passwords to ensure that password information is secure.


PI and PHI shall not be removed from the business premises in electronic or written form absent a legitimate business need and use of reasonable security measures, as described in this WISP.  
                	

PI and/or PHI that MUST be transmitted in electronic form shall not be sent without encryption.  
PI and/or PHI in paper form must be secured.


All computer systems shall be monitored for unauthorized use or access to PI and PHI.

VII.	IN CASE OF LOSS/THEFT OR SUSPECTED LOSS/THEFT 
If you have reason to believe that any PI or PHI has been lost or stolen or may have been compromised or there is the potential for identity theft, regardless of the media or method, you must report the incident immediately by contacting the University Technical Assistance Center ("UTAC") at 973-443-8822.  The UTAC is available 24 x 7.   
VIII.	OTHER APPLICABLE POLICIES 


http://isweb.fdu.edu/policies/accept_policy.html
http://isweb.fdu.edu/policies/confidentiality_agreement_policy.htm
http://isweb.fdu.edu/policies/personal_info_policy.html
http://view2.fdu.edu/legacy/privacylaws.pdf
                    Data Security Information Response Plan (April 15, 2015, not published on Web)                  

IX. 	EXCEPTIONS 
Requests for exceptions to this policy should be directed in writing to the Chief Information Security Officer. Only the Chief Information Security Officer in consultation with the DSIRT may grant such exceptions and will do so only after careful review and in writing. 
Appendix I 
Technical requirements for the storage of files containing PI or PHI regardless of where the storage occurs will include but not be limited to the following:

All file(s) should be secured with AES 256bit encryption unless actively open for review or modification. 
It is the responsibility of the person handling the PI or PHI file to securely delete any files created as a product of the manipulation of those files. As an example, temporary files created by Microsoft Office programs or any other programs would need to be securely deleted as well as the clear text versions of the original file after the encrypted version is properly created and verified. 
Programs used for Encryption/Decryption and secure file deletion must be approved by the CISO including the methods in which they are to be used.
If the complete or partial PI or PHI containing file(s) are inadvertently written to a local hard drive, it is the user's responsibility to diligently make sure the contents are securely deleted. 

 


 





 
 


Home   Site 
        Map   Contact
 


 
        Copyright © Fairleigh Dickinson University, All rights reserved.
 
















PI Richfield Avenue LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











PI Richfield Avenue LLC
List of persons related to the company PI Richfield Avenue LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of PI Richfield Avenue LLC.

CIK Number: 0001681535IRS Number: 812591788Company address: 3621 N. SEPULVEDA BOULEVARD, SUITE 3  MANHATTAN BEACH 90266Phone number: 310-606-8424



People related to PI Richfield Avenue LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBuchhagen  Brian3621 N. Seuplveda, Suite 3 Manhattan BeachCAPerkins  Clark3621 N. Sepulveda, Suite 3 Manhattan BeachCAKardos  Matt3621 N. Sepulveda, Suite 3 Manhattan BeachCA




PI Richfield Avenue LLC on the Web
Related companiesPI Arthur Avenue, LLC, PI Benedict Avenue, LLC, PI Catalpa Drive LLC, PI Euclid Street, LLC, PI Forex Fund, L.P., PI Minor Ridge, LLC, PI Olathe Industrial Portfolio, LLC, PI Palm Street, LLC, PI Paramount Boulevard, LLC, PI Parkway Commons, LLC, PI Riverside Drive Austin, LLC, PI Santa Fe, LLC, PI Society, LLC, PI Whisp, LLC, Pi-Coral, Inc.












 













American Products in Exton PA - Previous Member for Wisp Home, LLC

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Pennsylvania



                
                >
                

Exton







 American Products
                        

Archived Record

                                    Exton,
                                    PA
                                
—
Previous Member for Wisp Home, LLC













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























American Products Overview
                    

American Telecast Products has been associated with two companies, according to public records. The companies were formed over a one year period with the most recent being incorporated two years ago in November of 2014. Zero of the companies are still active while the remaining two are now listed as inactive. 
                    
                






Background Report for American Telecast Products


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for American Telecast Products
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    








                            Network Visualizer
                        























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Companies for American Products








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Wisp Home, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Spinning Home, LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2014
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            



















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for American Products










835 Springdale Dr
Exton, PA 19341









Advertisements










Source







California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Saturday, July 1, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for American Products.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for American Products and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                835 Springdale Dr  Exton, PA 19341

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with American Products however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Source
            





                        California Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,717 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,145 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,717 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,838 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,966 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,318 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,341 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,575 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,145 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,904 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,225 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,145 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,650 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Pennsylvania Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Pennsylvania Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















McAdam Financial Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael McAdams










Ravana, LLC

                                                
                                                    Warrendale, PA
                                                
                                        










Wectec Staffing Services LLC

                                                
                                                    Cranberry Township, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kathryn J. Jackson
Michael T. Sweeney
Gene C. Bertsch










Smg Group Payroll LLC

                                                
                                                    Allentown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph V. Topper










Telcove of Nashville, L.P.

                                                
                                                    Coudersport, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Telcove of Tennessee, Inc.










Genesis Administrative Services LLC

                                                
                                                    Kennett Square, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert A. Reitz
Michael S. Sherman
Genesis Holdings LLC










Element Transportation Asset Trust

                                                
                                                    Horsham, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Element Financial Corp.
Wilmington Trust, National Association
Wilmington Trust, N.A. As Trustee










Central Penn Capital Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Lancaster, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kenneth L. Herr
Lane G. Randolph










Cardone Industries, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Cardone
Terry R. McCormack
Bill Cathaine










Bella Trucking Corp

                                                
                                                    Bensalem, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sandra R. Affatato
Sandra Dinardo










Hit Portfolio I Owner, LLC

                                                
                                                    Jenkintown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
American Realty Capital Hospitality Operat
Hit Portfolio I Mezz, Lp
American Realty Capital Hospitalit Part










Union Pipeline, Inc.

                                                
                                                    New Stanton, PA
                                                
                                        










Arc CAFEUSA001, LLC

                                                
                                                    Jenkintown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
American Realty Capital Operating Partnership IV, L.P.
Vereit Operating Partnership, L.P.
Cole Reit Advisors III, LLC










Infinity Infusion Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sharon Hill, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Evt Ventures, LLC
Kathryn Ivy
Tamra Townsend










Versalus Health, LLC

                                                
                                                    Newtown Square, PA
                                                
                                        










Hcsg Staff Leasing Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Bensalem, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John C. Shea
Healthcare Services Group, Inc.










Restaurant Payserve of America, LLC

                                                
                                                    Philadelphia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Starr
Bruce Koch










Settlement Express of PA, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Washington, PA
                                                
                                        










Tasking Out, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Coopersburg, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stacey S. Lundy










Pursuit Healthcare Advisors, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Washington, PA
                                                
                                        










Konatel Inc.

                                                
                                                    Johnstown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David S. McEwen










People 2.0 North America LLC

                                                
                                                    West Chester, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles B. Miller
People 2.0 Global, LLC
David Van Soest










Inspire Closing Services LLC

                                                
                                                    Moon Township, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Joseph










Digitoil LLC

                                                
                                                    Venetia, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph Sites










S1 Spine LLC

                                                
                                                    Newtown Square, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Morris
Seth Anderson










Redworth Capital Group

                                                
                                                    Trevose, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Angllia Adzic










Konki Inc

                                                
                                                    Malvern, PA
                                                
                                        










Alloy Rods Corporation

                                                
                                                    Hanover, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
R. B. Egan
P. G. Plotica










Schiller Grounds Care, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Southampton, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeffrey E. Perelman
Pat Cappucci
Pat Capucci










Petrochoice Holdings, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bristol, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shane O'Kelly










Poet Land Transfer LLC

                                                
                                                    Newtown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John M. Seckel










Judco Management, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Butler, PA
                                                
                                        










Cosan, LLC

                                                
                                                    Bensalem, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sandra R. Affatato
Sandra Dinardo










Heartland Communities, LLC

                                                
                                                    Doylestown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stuart D. Mills
Joan Mills










Main Line Aviation LLC

                                                
                                                    Haverford, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Martin










Publicis Healthcare Solutions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Yardley, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Claudia Wernick










Bama Titling Limited

                                                
                                                    Montoursville, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bama Commercial Leasing, LLC
Wilmington Trust, National Association
Joel Breneman










Custom Nuclear Fabrication, LLC

                                                
                                                    Canonsburg, PA
                                                
                                        










Lemmon Pharmacal Company

                                                
                                                    Sellersville, PA
                                                
                                        










Orograin Bakeries Products, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Horsham, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gary J. Prince










Teralytics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Wexford, PA
                                                
                                        










Woodstream Corporation

                                                
                                                    Lititz, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul M. Quillan
Peter W. Klein
Harry E. Whaley










Frontline Technologies Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Exton, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Blackstone
Todd Orlando
Frontline Technologies Group Holding LLC










New Penn Financial, LLC

                                                
                                                    Plymouth Meeting, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Simon
Saul Sanders
Bruce J. Williams










Tokyo Ginza Spa Inc

                                                
                                                    Wilkes Barre, PA
                                                
                                        










Pham Enterprises LLC

                                                
                                                    Lancaster, PA
                                                
                                        










Audia Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Washington, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Andy
William G. Stough










Usi Solutions, Inc

                                                
                                                    Levittown, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mary T. Weil
Larry Weil
Belinda Weedon










Rice Energy Inc.

                                                
                                                    Canonsburg, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert F. Vagt
Toby Rice
Daniel J. Rice










Directtips, LLC

                                                
                                                    Douglassville, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Tashjian
Terry McKim



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Realtorlux LLC.
21 days ago


Carlisle




Remy Capillus LLC
21 days ago


Newtown




Mastech Infotrellis, Inc.
21 days ago


Moon Township




Neely Rentals, LLC
21 days ago


Washington




Tier One LLC
23 days ago


Pittsburgh




Hamr Industries LLC
23 days ago


State College




Echo Real Estate Services Company, Limited Liabilty Company
23 days ago


Pittsburgh




Desproycon-USA LLC
23 days ago


Campbelltown




Musser Wireless of Florida, Inc.
23 days ago


Irwin




Kraft New Services LLC
24 days ago


Pittsburgh




Capture The Magic Vacations, LLC
24 days ago


Bellefonte




Amerisourcebergen Specialty Group, LLC
24 days ago


Conshohocken




Value Specialty Pharmacy, LLC
24 days ago


Duncansville




Hhlp Sunnyvale Tps Manager, LLC
24 days ago


Harrisburg




Hhlp Sanctuary Manager, LLC
24 days ago


Harrisburg




Hhlp La Westside Manager, LLC
24 days ago


Harrisburg




Fpca Associates LLC
24 days ago


Philadelphia




Trident Prime, Inc.
24 days ago


Monongahela




Procensis Inc
24 days ago


Doylestown




Rst Etc, LLC
26 days ago


Wynnewood




Locums Noctis LLC
28 days ago


Pittsburgh




Keystone Home Watch Services, LLC
28 days ago


Stroudsburg




Ernest Gordon LLC
28 days ago


Flourtown




Fort Lauderdale Children's Surgery Center LLC
29 days ago


Glen Rock




Summit Services Fl, Inc.
29 days ago


Collegeville




Tiny House Siesta, LLC
29 days ago


Line Lexington




Morrison Engineering LLC
29 days ago


Philadelphia




G & Z Roofing, Inc.
29 days ago


Renfrew




Vista Gardens Apartments LLC
30 days ago


Haverford




Emergent Business Group, Inc.
30 days ago


Horsham




Kravitz Operations, LLC
31 days ago


Dresher




Sheer Mag, LLC
31 days ago


Philadelphia




FISH4DOGS US, LLC
31 days ago


Berwick




New Territories Inc.
31 days ago


Mount Pocono




Onex, Inc Which Will DO Business In California As Onex Refractory and Combustion
31 days ago


Erie




Merion Champions Walk Gp, LLC
1 month ago


Wynnewood




The Concrete Charitable Foundation, Inc.
1 month ago


Philadelphia




Merion Champions Walk, L.P.
1 month ago


Wynnewood




Bb&T Commercial Equipment Capital Corp.
1 month ago


Malvern




Vic-Armen Realty II LLC
1 month ago


Buck Hill Falls




Aramark Personnel Services, LLC
1 month ago


Philadelphia




Wysam South, LLC
1 month ago


Duncansville




Vehiclemetrix, LLC
1 month ago


Lititz




Rolling Hills Investors, LLC
1 month ago


Doylestown




Dat Solutions, LLC
1 month ago


Harrisburg




Iris Holding, LLC
1 month ago


Ottsville




Jsb 30A, LLC
1 month ago


Moon Township




Kci Sunset LLC
1 month ago


Plymouth Meeting




Asca Design, LLC
1 month ago


Leetsdale




23640 Potter Road, LLC
1 month ago


Bala Cynwyd









Top cities in Pennsylvania





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Philadelphia
                


                142,526
            



                2
            


                    Pittsburgh
                


                84,955
            



                3
            


                    Harrisburg
                


                19,983
            



                4
            


                    Lancaster
                


                18,183
            



                5
            


                    Allentown
                


                17,454
            



                6
            


                    Reading
                


                17,210
            



                7
            


                    York
                


                16,846
            



                8
            


                    Erie
                


                14,962
            



                9
            


                    West Chester
                


                14,297
            



                10
            


                    Bethlehem
                


                12,097
            



                11
            


                    Scranton
                


                9,115
            



                12
            


                    Norristown
                


                8,629
            



                13
            


                    Bensalem
                


                8,538
            



                14
            


                    Wayne
                


                8,289
            



                15
            


                    Doylestown
                


                8,233
            



                16
            


                    State College
                


                8,117
            



                17
            


                    Mechanicsburg
                


                7,877
            



                18
            


                    Easton
                


                7,810
            



                19
            


                    King of Prussia
                


                7,761
            



                20
            


                    Wilkes Barre
                


                7,311
            



                21
            


                    Greensburg
                


                7,239
            



                22
            


                    Media
                


                6,728
            



                23
            


                    Malvern
                


                6,272
            



                24
            


                    Pottstown
                


                6,171
            



                25
            


                    Johnstown
                


                5,879
            



                26
            


                    Lansdale
                


                5,815
            



                27
            


                    Butler
                


                5,771
            



                28
            


                    Langhorne
                


                5,759
            



                29
            


                    Newtown
                


                5,719
            



                30
            


                    Huntingdon Valley
                


                5,633
            



                31
            


                    Chambersburg
                


                5,630
            



                32
            


                    Canonsburg
                


                5,461
            



                33
            


                    Washington
                


                5,421
            



                34
            


                    Conshohocken
                


                5,381
            



                35
            


                    Williamsport
                


                5,371
            



                36
            


                    Levittown
                


                5,318
            



                37
            


                    Jenkintown
                


                5,290
            



                38
            


                    Bala Cynwyd
                


                5,242
            



                39
            


                    Southampton
                


                5,223
            



                40
            


                    Carlisle
                


                5,202
            



                41
            


                    Altoona
                


                5,144
            



                42
            


                    Downingtown
                


                5,078
            



                43
            


                    Lebanon
                


                5,040
            



                44
            


                    Warminster
                


                5,026
            



                45
            


                    Exton
                


                5,005
            



                46
            


                    Camp Hill
                


                4,975
            



                47
            


                    Blue Bell
                


                4,848
            



                48
            


                    New Castle
                


                4,775
            



                49
            


                    Ambler
                


                4,717
            



                50
            


                    Morrisville
                


                4,712
            



                51
            


                    Feasterville Trevose
                


                4,687
            



                52
            


                    Hanover
                


                4,450
            



                53
            


                    Phoenixville
                


                4,442
            



                54
            


                    Irwin
                


                4,436
            



                55
            


                    Monroeville
                


                4,415
            



                56
            


                    Coraopolis
                


                4,285
            



                57
            


                    Bryn Mawr
                


                4,178
            



                58
            


                    Glenside
                


                3,993
            



                59
            


                    Quakertown
                


                3,984
            



                60
            


                    Lititz
                


                3,961
            



                61
            


                    Havertown
                


                3,958
            



                62
            


                    Coatesville
                


                3,914
            



                63
            


                    Plymouth Meeting
                


                3,914
            



                64
            


                    Wexford
                


                3,894
            



                65
            


                    Stroudsburg
                


                3,850
            



                66
            


                    Collegeville
                


                3,845
            



                67
            


                    Upper Darby
                


                3,822
            



                68
            


                    Horsham
                


                3,811
            



                69
            


                    Newtown Square
                


                3,742
            



                70
            


                    Cranberry Township
                


                3,639
            



                71
            


                    East Stroudsburg
                


                3,591
            



                72
            


                    Uniontown
                


                3,475
            



                73
            


                    New Kensington
                


                3,472
            



                74
            


                    Hazleton
                


                3,419
            



                75
            


                    North Wales
                


                3,361
            



                76
            


                    Kingston
                


                3,350
            



                77
            


                    Bethel Park
                


                3,339
            



                78
            


                    Kennett Square
                


                3,232
            



                79
            


                    Willow Grove
                


                3,186
            



                80
            


                    Gettysburg
                


                3,159
            



                81
            


                    Sewickley
                


                3,136
            



                82
            


                    Indiana
                


                3,108
            



                83
            


                    Ephrata
                


                3,073
            



                84
            


                    Springfield
                


                3,057
            



                85
            


                    Berwyn
                


                3,056
            



                86
            


                    Yardley
                


                2,988
            



                87
            


                    Broomall
                


                2,975
            



                88
            


                    Bristol
                


                2,964
            



                89
            


                    McKeesport
                


                2,926
            



                90
            


                    Meadville
                


                2,917
            



                91
            


                    Pittston
                


                2,877
            



                92
            


                    Elkins Park
                


                2,847
            



                93
            


                    Gibsonia
                


                2,801
            



                94
            


                    New Hope
                


                2,787
            



                95
            


                    Latrobe
                


                2,768
            



                96
            


                    Bridgeville
                


                2,723
            



                97
            


                    Drexel Hill
                


                2,710
            



                98
            


                    Whitehall
                


                2,679
            



                99
            


                    Fort Washington
                


                2,667
            



                100
            


                    Allison Park
                


                2,666
            



                101
            


                    Ardmore
                


                2,651
            



                102
            


                    Wynnewood
                


                2,611
            



                103
            


                    Bloomsburg
                


                2,592
            



                104
            


                    Warrington
                


                2,591
            



                105
            


                    Chalfont
                


                2,548
            



                106
            


                    Hatboro
                


                2,487
            



                107
            


                    Lansdowne
                


                2,463
            



                108
            


                    Carnegie
                


                2,448
            



                109
            


                    Aliquippa
                


                2,438
            



                110
            


                    Perkasie
                


                2,425
            



                111
            


                    Waynesboro
                


                2,421
            



                112
            


                    Elizabethtown
                


                2,367
            



                113
            


                    Harleysville
                


                2,364
            



                114
            


                    Royersford
                


                2,364
            



                115
            


                    Chester
                


                2,324
            



                116
            


                    Murrysville
                


                2,307
            



                117
            


                    Glen Mills
                


                2,306
            



                118
            


                    Pottsville
                


                2,287
            



                119
            


                    Clarks Summit
                


                2,274
            



                120
            


                    Manheim
                


                2,252
            



                121
            


                    Paoli
                


                2,238
            



                122
            


                    Chadds Ford
                


                2,211
            



                123
            


                    Nazareth
                


                2,198
            



                124
            


                    Hummelstown
                


                2,179
            



                125
            


                    Beaver Falls
                


                2,160
            



                126
            


                    Bellefonte
                


                2,156
            



                127
            


                    Abington
                


                2,133
            



                128
            


                    McKees Rocks
                


                2,111
            



                129
            


                    Somerset
                


                2,104
            



                130
            


                    Aston
                


                2,088
            



                131
            


                    Hershey
                


                2,082
            



                132
            


                    Emmaus
                


                2,051
            



                133
            


                    Hatfield
                


                2,047
            



                134
            


                    Hermitage
                


                2,047
            



                135
            


                    Du Bois
                


                2,014
            



                136
            


                    Lewisburg
                


                1,952
            



                137
            


                    Chester Springs
                


                1,904
            



                138
            


                    Middletown
                


                1,865
            



                139
            


                    Honesdale
                


                1,853
            



                140
            


                    New Holland
                


                1,852
            



                141
            


                    Richboro
                


                1,851
            



                142
            


                    Shippensburg
                


                1,827
            



                143
            


                    Warren
                


                1,816
            



                144
            


                    Greencastle
                


                1,798
            



                145
            


                    West Mifflin
                


                1,780
            



                146
            


                    Jeannette
                


                1,777
            



                147
            


                    Kittanning
                


                1,776
            



                148
            


                    Macungie
                


                1,776
            



                149
            


                    Milford
                


                1,762
            



                150
            


                    Red Lion
                


                1,747
            



                151
            


                    Souderton
                


                1,714
            



                152
            


                    Belle Vernon
                


                1,710
            



                153
            


                    Narberth
                


                1,703
            



                154
            


                    New Cumberland
                


                1,665
            



                155
            


                    Fairless Hills
                


                1,659
            



                156
            


                    Dover
                


                1,658
            



                157
            


                    Lehighton
                


                1,629
            



                158
            


                    Palmyra
                


                1,622
            



                159
            


                    Connellsville
                


                1,604
            



                160
            


                    Dillsburg
                


                1,601
            



                161
            


                    Lafayette Hill
                


                1,593
            



                162
            


                    Lewistown
                


                1,575
            



                163
            


                    Bradford
                


                1,571
            



                164
            


                    Mount Joy
                


                1,568
            



                165
            


                    Danville
                


                1,553
            



                166
            


                    Bangor
                


                1,552
            



                167
            


                    Homestead
                


                1,551
            



                168
            


                    Oxford
                


                1,544
            



                169
            


                    Beaver
                


                1,543
            



                170
            


                    Bedford
                


                1,542
            



                171
            


                    Telford
                


                1,533
            



                172
            


                    Lemoyne
                


                1,531
            



                173
            


                    Mars
                


                1,508
            



                174
            


                    Berwick
                


                1,507
            



                175
            


                    Boyertown
                


                1,501
            



                176
            


                    Mountain Top
                


                1,490
            



                177
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                1,489
            



                178
            


                    Verona
                


                1,482
            



                179
            


                    Coopersburg
                


                1,472
            



                180
            


                    Montoursville
                


                1,460
            



                181
            


                    Franklin
                


                1,443
            



                182
            


                    Dallas
                


                1,436
            



                183
            


                    Hollidaysburg
                


                1,434
            



                184
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,420
            



                185
            


                    Waynesburg
                


                1,405
            



                186
            


                    Douglassville
                


                1,399
            



                187
            


                    Clearfield
                


                1,392
            



                188
            


                    Villanova
                


                1,386
            



                189
            


                    Saint Marys
                


                1,381
            



                190
            


                    Grove City
                


                1,373
            



                191
            


                    Clifton Heights
                


                1,369
            



                192
            


                    Northampton
                


                1,362
            



                193
            


                    Glenshaw
                


                1,355
            



                194
            


                    Darby
                


                1,351
            



                195
            


                    Haverford
                


                1,333
            



                196
            


                    Lock Haven
                


                1,328
            



                197
            


                    Clairton
                


                1,324
            



                198
            


                    Selinsgrove
                


                1,321
            



                199
            


                    Sunbury
                


                1,319
            



                200
            


                    Ellwood City
                


                1,315
            



                201
            


                    Fleetwood
                


                1,313
            



                202
            


                    Schwenksville
                


                1,310
            



                203
            


                    Sellersville
                


                1,306
            



                204
            


                    Huntingdon
                


                1,296
            



                205
            


                    West Grove
                


                1,294
            



                206
            


                    Columbia
                


                1,287
            



                207
            


                    Punxsutawney
                


                1,287
            



                208
            


                    Denver
                


                1,283
            



                209
            


                    Muncy
                


                1,272
            



                210
            


                    Birdsboro
                


                1,270
            



                211
            


                    Devon
                


                1,268
            



                212
            


                    Sharon
                


                1,257
            



                213
            


                    Tunkhannock
                


                1,257
            



                214
            


                    Myerstown
                


                1,241
            



                215
            


                    Jamison
                


                1,238
            



                216
            


                    Hawley
                


                1,223
            



                217
            


                    Kutztown
                


                1,207
            



                218
            


                    Dresher
                


                1,206
            



                219
            


                    Enola
                


                1,206
            



                220
            


                    Export
                


                1,199
            



                221
            


                    Marcus Hook
                


                1,197
            



                222
            


                    Monaca
                


                1,196
            



                223
            


                    Apollo
                


                1,191
            



                224
            


                    Slippery Rock
                


                1,177
            



                225
            


                    McDonald
                


                1,174
            



                226
            


                    Gilbertsville
                


                1,166
            



                227
            


                    Duncansville
                


                1,163
            



                228
            


                    Brookhaven
                


                1,160
            



                229
            


                    Wellsboro
                


                1,160
            



                230
            


                    Radnor
                


                1,138
            



                231
            


                    North East
                


                1,130
            



                232
            


                    Ligonier
                


                1,124
            



                233
            


                    Hellertown
                


                1,121
            



                234
            


                    Oil City
                


                1,121
            



                235
            


                    Wallingford
                


                1,119
            



                236
            


                    Monongahela
                


                1,118
            



                237
            


                    Leola
                


                1,116
            



                238
            


                    Bath
                


                1,112
            



                239
            


                    Charleroi
                


                1,109
            



                240
            


                    Ebensburg
                


                1,106
            



                241
            


                    Clarion
                


                1,103
            



                242
            


                    North Versailles
                


                1,102
            



                243
            


                    Carbondale
                


                1,101
            



                244
            


                    Oakdale
                


                1,091
            



                245
            


                    Natrona Heights
                


                1,087
            



                246
            


                    Ambridge
                


                1,074
            



                247
            


                    Schuylkill Haven
                


                1,068
            



                248
            


                    Mohnton
                


                1,048
            



                249
            


                    Tarentum
                


                1,041
            



                250
            


                    Honey Brook
                


                1,039
            



                251
            


                    Quarryville
                


                1,038
            



                252
            


                    Lake Ariel
                


                1,035
            



                253
            


                    Spring City
                


                1,013
            



                254
            


                    Wyncote
                


                1,010
            



                255
            


                    Jersey Shore
                


                1,007
            



                256
            


                    Tamaqua
                


                1,005
            



                257
            


                    Venetia
                


                1,003
            



                258
            


                    Swarthmore
                


                1,002
            



                259
            


                    Mercer
                


                1,001
            



                260
            


                    Elizabeth
                


                998
            



                261
            


                    Titusville
                


                992
            



                262
            


                    Olyphant
                


                991
            



                263
            


                    Hamburg
                


                989
            



                264
            


                    Zelienople
                


                980
            



                265
            


                    Merion Station
                


                979
            



                266
            


                    Glenmoore
                


                977
            



                267
            


                    Center Valley
                


                976
            



                268
            


                    Landenberg
                


                973
            



                269
            


                    Brookville
                


                970
            



                270
            


                    Fairview
                


                966
            



                271
            


                    Oakmont
                


                957
            



                272
            


                    Valencia
                


                956
            



                273
            


                    Pipersville
                


                954
            



                274
            


                    New Oxford
                


                944
            



                275
            


                    Gladwyne
                


                940
            



                276
            


                    Spring Grove
                


                940
            



                277
            


                    Edinboro
                


                939
            



                278
            


                    Newville
                


                935
            



                279
            


                    Tobyhanna
                


                934
            



                280
            


                    Annville
                


                928
            



                281
            


                    New Brighton
                


                928
            



                282
            


                    Tyrone
                


                924
            



                283
            


                    Sharon Hill
                


                921
            



                284
            


                    Croydon
                


                919
            



                285
            


                    Mifflinburg
                


                914
            



                286
            


                    Cheswick
                


                911
            



                287
            


                    Sarver
                


                911
            



                288
            


                    South Park
                


                911
            



                289
            


                    Towanda
                


                907
            



                290
            


                    Nanticoke
                


                904
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                897
            



                292
            


                    Cheltenham
                


                891
            



                293
            


                    Corry
                


                890
            



                294
            


                    Moosic
                


                885
            



                295
            


                    Littlestown
                


                884
            



                296
            


                    Glenolden
                


                878
            



                297
            


                    Leechburg
                


                878
            



                298
            


                    Sayre
                


                874
            



                299
            


                    Wyomissing
                


                873
            



                300
            


                    Milton
                


                869
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Exton, Pennsylvania Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Exton, PA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Pennsylvania








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Frontline Technologies Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Exton, PA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Blackstone
Todd Orlando
Frontline Technologies Group Holding LLC




















                    Recently found companies in Exton
                





Company
Found




Tmi Medical Group of California, P.C.


                1 month ago
            



True Partner Enterprise Consulting, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Atp Development, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Bio Force Direct, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Commonwealth Security Resources, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Tioga Center Rlke II, LLC


                4 months ago
            



Tioga Center, LLC


                4 months ago
            



Tioga Center Rlke, LLC


                4 months ago
            



Fit Tower, LLC


                5 months ago
            



Dsm Biomedical, Inc.


                5 months ago
            



Front of The Envelope, LLC


                5 months ago
            



East Fortune LLC


                6 months ago
            



Superstore Stop, Corp


                9 months ago
            



People 2.0 Services, LLC


                10 months ago
            



Neutronics, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



People 2.0 Global, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Northguard, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Physiotherapy Corporation


                1 year ago
            



Qc Energy Resources Northwest, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Boy Machines, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Cavanaugh Wall Solutions, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Allied Resources Tsd Staffing Solutions Incorporated


                1 year ago
            



The Philadelphia Protection Bureau, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Crosslands Services, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Sustainable Resources Group, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Smr Banyan Tree, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Alexandria Sports, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Eden Sports, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Mytility Corp.


                1 year ago
            



Evolution Energy Partners LLC


                1 year ago
            



Physiokids, Inc.


                2 years ago
            



Ssk Inc.


                2 years ago
            



Jkl Asset Management Group, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Leesburg Sports Inc


                2 years ago
            



Tpmc-Sevenson Environmental Services, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Broomfield & Broomfield LLC


                2 years ago
            



Bnb Lamesa Solar LLC


                2 years ago
            



Global Hr Partners, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Pearl Cal LLC


                3 years ago
            



Frontline Technologies Group LLC


                3 years ago
            



People 2.0 North America LLC


                3 years ago
            



Keikilani Properties LLC


                3 years ago
            



Outdoor Promotion, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Chronicle Ventures LLC


                3 years ago
            



Ameden Capital Corp.


                3 years ago
            



Msa Systems LLC


                3 years ago
            



Fs Property Group, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Lvbig, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Delaware Qc Energy Resources


                3 years ago
            



Gazelle Home, LLC


                4 years ago
            








Top cities in Pennsylvania





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Philadelphia
                


                142,526
            



                2
            


                    Pittsburgh
                


                84,955
            



                3
            


                    Harrisburg
                


                19,983
            



                4
            


                    Lancaster
                


                18,183
            



                5
            


                    Allentown
                


                17,454
            



                6
            


                    Reading
                


                17,210
            



                7
            


                    York
                


                16,846
            



                8
            


                    Erie
                


                14,962
            



                9
            


                    West Chester
                


                14,297
            



                10
            


                    Bethlehem
                


                12,097
            



                11
            


                    Scranton
                


                9,115
            



                12
            


                    Norristown
                


                8,629
            



                13
            


                    Bensalem
                


                8,538
            



                14
            


                    Wayne
                


                8,289
            



                15
            


                    Doylestown
                


                8,233
            



                16
            


                    State College
                


                8,117
            



                17
            


                    Mechanicsburg
                


                7,877
            



                18
            


                    Easton
                


                7,810
            



                19
            


                    King of Prussia
                


                7,761
            



                20
            


                    Wilkes Barre
                


                7,311
            



                21
            


                    Greensburg
                


                7,239
            



                22
            


                    Media
                


                6,728
            



                23
            


                    Malvern
                


                6,272
            



                24
            


                    Pottstown
                


                6,171
            



                25
            


                    Johnstown
                


                5,879
            



                26
            


                    Lansdale
                


                5,815
            



                27
            


                    Butler
                


                5,771
            



                28
            


                    Langhorne
                


                5,759
            



                29
            


                    Newtown
                


                5,719
            



                30
            


                    Huntingdon Valley
                


                5,633
            



                31
            


                    Chambersburg
                


                5,630
            



                32
            


                    Canonsburg
                


                5,461
            



                33
            


                    Washington
                


                5,421
            



                34
            


                    Conshohocken
                


                5,381
            



                35
            


                    Williamsport
                


                5,371
            



                36
            


                    Levittown
                


                5,318
            



                37
            


                    Jenkintown
                


                5,290
            



                38
            


                    Bala Cynwyd
                


                5,242
            



                39
            


                    Southampton
                


                5,223
            



                40
            


                    Carlisle
                


                5,202
            



                41
            


                    Altoona
                


                5,144
            



                42
            


                    Downingtown
                


                5,078
            



                43
            


                    Lebanon
                


                5,040
            



                44
            


                    Warminster
                


                5,026
            



                45
            


                    Exton
                


                5,005
            



                46
            


                    Camp Hill
                


                4,975
            



                47
            


                    Blue Bell
                


                4,848
            



                48
            


                    New Castle
                


                4,775
            



                49
            


                    Ambler
                


                4,717
            



                50
            


                    Morrisville
                


                4,712
            



                51
            


                    Feasterville Trevose
                


                4,687
            



                52
            


                    Hanover
                


                4,450
            



                53
            


                    Phoenixville
                


                4,442
            



                54
            


                    Irwin
                


                4,436
            



                55
            


                    Monroeville
                


                4,415
            



                56
            


                    Coraopolis
                


                4,285
            



                57
            


                    Bryn Mawr
                


                4,178
            



                58
            


                    Glenside
                


                3,993
            



                59
            


                    Quakertown
                


                3,984
            



                60
            


                    Lititz
                


                3,961
            



                61
            


                    Havertown
                


                3,958
            



                62
            


                    Coatesville
                


                3,914
            



                63
            


                    Plymouth Meeting
                


                3,914
            



                64
            


                    Wexford
                


                3,894
            



                65
            


                    Stroudsburg
                


                3,850
            



                66
            


                    Collegeville
                


                3,845
            



                67
            


                    Upper Darby
                


                3,822
            



                68
            


                    Horsham
                


                3,811
            



                69
            


                    Newtown Square
                


                3,742
            



                70
            


                    Cranberry Township
                


                3,639
            



                71
            


                    East Stroudsburg
                


                3,591
            



                72
            


                    Uniontown
                


                3,475
            



                73
            


                    New Kensington
                


                3,472
            



                74
            


                    Hazleton
                


                3,419
            



                75
            


                    North Wales
                


                3,361
            



                76
            


                    Kingston
                


                3,350
            



                77
            


                    Bethel Park
                


                3,339
            



                78
            


                    Kennett Square
                


                3,232
            



                79
            


                    Willow Grove
                


                3,186
            



                80
            


                    Gettysburg
                


                3,159
            



                81
            


                    Sewickley
                


                3,136
            



                82
            


                    Indiana
                


                3,108
            



                83
            


                    Ephrata
                


                3,073
            



                84
            


                    Springfield
                


                3,057
            



                85
            


                    Berwyn
                


                3,056
            



                86
            


                    Yardley
                


                2,988
            



                87
            


                    Broomall
                


                2,975
            



                88
            


                    Bristol
                


                2,964
            



                89
            


                    McKeesport
                


                2,926
            



                90
            


                    Meadville
                


                2,917
            



                91
            


                    Pittston
                


                2,877
            



                92
            


                    Elkins Park
                


                2,847
            



                93
            


                    Gibsonia
                


                2,801
            



                94
            


                    New Hope
                


                2,787
            



                95
            


                    Latrobe
                


                2,768
            



                96
            


                    Bridgeville
                


                2,723
            



                97
            


                    Drexel Hill
                


                2,710
            



                98
            


                    Whitehall
                


                2,679
            



                99
            


                    Fort Washington
                


                2,667
            



                100
            


                    Allison Park
                


                2,666
            



                101
            


                    Ardmore
                


                2,651
            



                102
            


                    Wynnewood
                


                2,611
            



                103
            


                    Bloomsburg
                


                2,592
            



                104
            


                    Warrington
                


                2,591
            



                105
            


                    Chalfont
                


                2,548
            



                106
            


                    Hatboro
                


                2,487
            



                107
            


                    Lansdowne
                


                2,463
            



                108
            


                    Carnegie
                


                2,448
            



                109
            


                    Aliquippa
                


                2,438
            



                110
            


                    Perkasie
                


                2,425
            



                111
            


                    Waynesboro
                


                2,421
            



                112
            


                    Elizabethtown
                


                2,367
            



                113
            


                    Harleysville
                


                2,364
            



                114
            


                    Royersford
                


                2,364
            



                115
            


                    Chester
                


                2,324
            



                116
            


                    Murrysville
                


                2,307
            



                117
            


                    Glen Mills
                


                2,306
            



                118
            


                    Pottsville
                


                2,287
            



                119
            


                    Clarks Summit
                


                2,274
            



                120
            


                    Manheim
                


                2,252
            



                121
            


                    Paoli
                


                2,238
            



                122
            


                    Chadds Ford
                


                2,211
            



                123
            


                    Nazareth
                


                2,198
            



                124
            


                    Hummelstown
                


                2,179
            



                125
            


                    Beaver Falls
                


                2,160
            



                126
            


                    Bellefonte
                


                2,156
            



                127
            


                    Abington
                


                2,133
            



                128
            


                    McKees Rocks
                


                2,111
            



                129
            


                    Somerset
                


                2,104
            



                130
            


                    Aston
                


                2,088
            



                131
            


                    Hershey
                


                2,082
            



                132
            


                    Emmaus
                


                2,051
            



                133
            


                    Hatfield
                


                2,047
            



                134
            


                    Hermitage
                


                2,047
            



                135
            


                    Du Bois
                


                2,014
            



                136
            


                    Lewisburg
                


                1,952
            



                137
            


                    Chester Springs
                


                1,904
            



                138
            


                    Middletown
                


                1,865
            



                139
            


                    Honesdale
                


                1,853
            



                140
            


                    New Holland
                


                1,852
            



                141
            


                    Richboro
                


                1,851
            



                142
            


                    Shippensburg
                


                1,827
            



                143
            


                    Warren
                


                1,816
            



                144
            


                    Greencastle
                


                1,798
            



                145
            


                    West Mifflin
                


                1,780
            



                146
            


                    Jeannette
                


                1,777
            



                147
            


                    Kittanning
                


                1,776
            



                148
            


                    Macungie
                


                1,776
            



                149
            


                    Milford
                


                1,762
            



                150
            


                    Red Lion
                


                1,747
            



                151
            


                    Souderton
                


                1,714
            



                152
            


                    Belle Vernon
                


                1,710
            



                153
            


                    Narberth
                


                1,703
            



                154
            


                    New Cumberland
                


                1,665
            



                155
            


                    Fairless Hills
                


                1,659
            



                156
            


                    Dover
                


                1,658
            



                157
            


                    Lehighton
                


                1,629
            



                158
            


                    Palmyra
                


                1,622
            



                159
            


                    Connellsville
                


                1,604
            



                160
            


                    Dillsburg
                


                1,601
            



                161
            


                    Lafayette Hill
                


                1,593
            



                162
            


                    Lewistown
                


                1,575
            



                163
            


                    Bradford
                


                1,571
            



                164
            


                    Mount Joy
                


                1,568
            



                165
            


                    Danville
                


                1,553
            



                166
            


                    Bangor
                


                1,552
            



                167
            


                    Homestead
                


                1,551
            



                168
            


                    Oxford
                


                1,544
            



                169
            


                    Beaver
                


                1,543
            



                170
            


                    Bedford
                


                1,542
            



                171
            


                    Telford
                


                1,533
            



                172
            


                    Lemoyne
                


                1,531
            



                173
            


                    Mars
                


                1,508
            



                174
            


                    Berwick
                


                1,507
            



                175
            


                    Boyertown
                


                1,501
            



                176
            


                    Mountain Top
                


                1,490
            



                177
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                1,489
            



                178
            


                    Verona
                


                1,482
            



                179
            


                    Coopersburg
                


                1,472
            



                180
            


                    Montoursville
                


                1,460
            



                181
            


                    Franklin
                


                1,443
            



                182
            


                    Dallas
                


                1,436
            



                183
            


                    Hollidaysburg
                


                1,434
            



                184
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,420
            



                185
            


                    Waynesburg
                


                1,405
            



                186
            


                    Douglassville
                


                1,399
            



                187
            


                    Clearfield
                


                1,392
            



                188
            


                    Villanova
                


                1,386
            



                189
            


                    Saint Marys
                


                1,381
            



                190
            


                    Grove City
                


                1,373
            



                191
            


                    Clifton Heights
                


                1,369
            



                192
            


                    Northampton
                


                1,362
            



                193
            


                    Glenshaw
                


                1,355
            



                194
            


                    Darby
                


                1,351
            



                195
            


                    Haverford
                


                1,333
            



                196
            


                    Lock Haven
                


                1,328
            



                197
            


                    Clairton
                


                1,324
            



                198
            


                    Selinsgrove
                


                1,321
            



                199
            


                    Sunbury
                


                1,319
            



                200
            


                    Ellwood City
                


                1,315
            



                201
            


                    Fleetwood
                


                1,313
            



                202
            


                    Schwenksville
                


                1,310
            



                203
            


                    Sellersville
                


                1,306
            



                204
            


                    Huntingdon
                


                1,296
            



                205
            


                    West Grove
                


                1,294
            



                206
            


                    Columbia
                


                1,287
            



                207
            


                    Punxsutawney
                


                1,287
            



                208
            


                    Denver
                


                1,283
            



                209
            


                    Muncy
                


                1,272
            



                210
            


                    Birdsboro
                


                1,270
            



                211
            


                    Devon
                


                1,268
            



                212
            


                    Sharon
                


                1,257
            



                213
            


                    Tunkhannock
                


                1,257
            



                214
            


                    Myerstown
                


                1,241
            



                215
            


                    Jamison
                


                1,238
            



                216
            


                    Hawley
                


                1,223
            



                217
            


                    Kutztown
                


                1,207
            



                218
            


                    Dresher
                


                1,206
            



                219
            


                    Enola
                


                1,206
            



                220
            


                    Export
                


                1,199
            



                221
            


                    Marcus Hook
                


                1,197
            



                222
            


                    Monaca
                


                1,196
            



                223
            


                    Apollo
                


                1,191
            



                224
            


                    Slippery Rock
                


                1,177
            



                225
            


                    McDonald
                


                1,174
            



                226
            


                    Gilbertsville
                


                1,166
            



                227
            


                    Duncansville
                


                1,163
            



                228
            


                    Brookhaven
                


                1,160
            



                229
            


                    Wellsboro
                


                1,160
            



                230
            


                    Radnor
                


                1,138
            



                231
            


                    North East
                


                1,130
            



                232
            


                    Ligonier
                


                1,124
            



                233
            


                    Hellertown
                


                1,121
            



                234
            


                    Oil City
                


                1,121
            



                235
            


                    Wallingford
                


                1,119
            



                236
            


                    Monongahela
                


                1,118
            



                237
            


                    Leola
                


                1,116
            



                238
            


                    Bath
                


                1,112
            



                239
            


                    Charleroi
                


                1,109
            



                240
            


                    Ebensburg
                


                1,106
            



                241
            


                    Clarion
                


                1,103
            



                242
            


                    North Versailles
                


                1,102
            



                243
            


                    Carbondale
                


                1,101
            



                244
            


                    Oakdale
                


                1,091
            



                245
            


                    Natrona Heights
                


                1,087
            



                246
            


                    Ambridge
                


                1,074
            



                247
            


                    Schuylkill Haven
                


                1,068
            



                248
            


                    Mohnton
                


                1,048
            



                249
            


                    Tarentum
                


                1,041
            



                250
            


                    Honey Brook
                


                1,039
            



                251
            


                    Quarryville
                


                1,038
            



                252
            


                    Lake Ariel
                


                1,035
            



                253
            


                    Spring City
                


                1,013
            



                254
            


                    Wyncote
                


                1,010
            



                255
            


                    Jersey Shore
                


                1,007
            



                256
            


                    Tamaqua
                


                1,005
            



                257
            


                    Venetia
                


                1,003
            



                258
            


                    Swarthmore
                


                1,002
            



                259
            


                    Mercer
                


                1,001
            



                260
            


                    Elizabeth
                


                998
            



                261
            


                    Titusville
                


                992
            



                262
            


                    Olyphant
                


                991
            



                263
            


                    Hamburg
                


                989
            



                264
            


                    Zelienople
                


                980
            



                265
            


                    Merion Station
                


                979
            



                266
            


                    Glenmoore
                


                977
            



                267
            


                    Center Valley
                


                976
            



                268
            


                    Landenberg
                


                973
            



                269
            


                    Brookville
                


                970
            



                270
            


                    Fairview
                


                966
            



                271
            


                    Oakmont
                


                957
            



                272
            


                    Valencia
                


                956
            



                273
            


                    Pipersville
                


                954
            



                274
            


                    New Oxford
                


                944
            



                275
            


                    Gladwyne
                


                940
            



                276
            


                    Spring Grove
                


                940
            



                277
            


                    Edinboro
                


                939
            



                278
            


                    Newville
                


                935
            



                279
            


                    Tobyhanna
                


                934
            



                280
            


                    Annville
                


                928
            



                281
            


                    New Brighton
                


                928
            



                282
            


                    Tyrone
                


                924
            



                283
            


                    Sharon Hill
                


                921
            



                284
            


                    Croydon
                


                919
            



                285
            


                    Mifflinburg
                


                914
            



                286
            


                    Cheswick
                


                911
            



                287
            


                    Sarver
                


                911
            



                288
            


                    South Park
                


                911
            



                289
            


                    Towanda
                


                907
            



                290
            


                    Nanticoke
                


                904
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                897
            



                292
            


                    Cheltenham
                


                891
            



                293
            


                    Corry
                


                890
            



                294
            


                    Moosic
                


                885
            



                295
            


                    Littlestown
                


                884
            



                296
            


                    Glenolden
                


                878
            



                297
            


                    Leechburg
                


                878
            



                298
            


                    Sayre
                


                874
            



                299
            


                    Wyomissing
                


                873
            



                300
            


                    Milton
                


                869
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Home | WiSP Services, LLC - 4G LTE & Monetized WiFi Experts











































Pi Innovation LLC product development consulting training keynote













































PI Whisp, LLC - Residential- Antes  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









PI Whisp, LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    3119 Merriam Lane  
    Kansas City, KS, 66106Phone: 8164210644 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-30


New


$4,950,000


$4,950,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jeremy Antes 
 Executive 
























The WISP | WISP Broom | Broom and Dustpan | Pull Broom | Hand Broom




























 

























 
See the WISP in Action!
Get Your Bundle Today



See the WISP in Action!


Close













FAQs
Store Locator
Pet WISP



Free Shipping & Free Returns
    	Only Ship To Continental US, International Shipping Coming Soon...















0
Shopping cart


Log in













My Account












Welcome to the WISP!












Welcome To The WISP Broom Collection
There’s a WISP® for all cleanups–big and small!








  
 



          sale
        



        WISP Cleaning Set
      




$39.95

                
                $44.90
                
              






WISP Cleaning Set
$39.95 

    
    $44.90
    
  






  
 





        WISPsystem
      


              from $27.95




WISPsystem
$27.95 








  
 





        bigWISP
      


              from $22.95




bigWISP
$22.95 








  
 



          sale
        



        miniWISP
      




$12.95

                
                $14.95
                
              






miniWISP
$12.95 

    
    $14.95
    
  




Check Out Our WISP Bundles







            
            
            	The WISP Is The First One-Handed Pull Boom
            
             
            
            
				
			
            
            

            
             
            	Join a new generation of WISPers … Stop Sweeping…Start WISPing! Shop Now











		This content requires HTML5 & Javascript or Adobe Flash Player Version 9 or higher.












Designed For One-Handed Use
The WISP is the only One-Handed BroomTM product specifically designed to be used with one hand. Using a simple pulling motion the WISP cleans under tables and around edges like no other product.




Adjustable Telescoping Handle
WISP's telescoping function allows you to easily adjust the handle to meet your needs while also allowing you to conveniently store the WISP under sinks or cabinets when not in use.




Ergonomic Step-On Dustpan
The world's most ergonomic dustpan. Unique step-on design creates a floor-to-pan seal reducing back strain while sophisticated side combs makes cleaning WISP bristles a breeze.




Patented Electrostatic Bristles
WISP's patented Bristle Seal® Technology positions condensed bristles 90° from the floor that build up electrostatic energy attracting dust and pet hair like nothing else.







Discover The WISPsystem Difference
Key Benefits of the WISP






WISP One-Handed Broom TM

                  Save Time & Energy, Stand upright. Clean one-handed with long easy gliding strokes and no “do-overs.” Coffee grounds, pet hair, or tracked-in dirt. It’s no problem with WISP®. There’s no need to exert excess pressure. And you don’t have to bend over to re-sweep side-to-side into your dustpan. Just lightly sweep in a gentle “rake-like” motion – forward and backward.
                

Shop Now


















Pet Hair

Electrostatic Bristles Grab Pet Hair
If you have pets…you need a WISP.  It gets pet hair off any surface.  The WISP fits in spaces and places that pet hair hides.  It doesn’t matter what kind of floor it is.  The WISP Pet Broom will attract and trap all the pet hair in just a WISP.

Got pet hair on your furniture?  Just grab your miniWISP and pull it across your furniture and just WISP the hair away!
                

Shop Now


















Electrostatic Bristles

                  WISPs 12″-wide short dense 90° angle electrostatic bristles create a squeegee-like effect against your floor. No dust, allergens, & pet-hair get flung back in the air. WISP’s Bristle Seal® Technology attracts & collects pet-hair from virtually any surface including carpet, upholstery, & car seats.
                

Shop Now














Naturally Versatile

From Floor to Ceiling
WISP is safe on most surfaces inside and out! It means no chemicals or cleaning solvents. Carpet, tile, wood, furniture, walls, car seats, window screens, putting greens, and garages. Virtually anywhere. WISP glides under tables and around chairs. It goes where no broom can and it’s killer on cobwebs in hard-to-reach ceiling corners or that fine dust in window screens.
                

















WISP for Glass Cleanups

                  Normally, you’d kneel down and grab the bigger pieces. Then you’d sweep and re-sweep until the glass was removed. If you used a broom, chances are you missed shards. They could be stuck in broom bristles. But most likely you’ve spread them elsewhere. If you used a wet paper towel, you risk cuts. WISP’s Bristle Seal Technology insures you get it all. WISP helps keep your home safe.
                

















Clean Up After Kids

                  If you have kids…you need a WISP Broom & dustpan.  Things get spilled, things get broken.  When you need to clean up something fast, the WISP is always right there. If you have back problems…you need a WISP.  You can make the handle as long or as short as you need so it’s comfortable for you!  Reach under tables or up the walls with no pain or strain at all! Nothing is easier, faster or more effortless than the WISP.
                











WISP Products Reviews
See what our Customers have to say about WISP...









                        "The BEST! It picked up after my Dyson!!"
                      




Diane
WISPsystem









                        "I love this little broom....Its the little things in life."
                      




Erin
miniWISP









                        "THE PERFECT tool for small, troublesome clean-ups! WISPerfection! Buy It Now, Love it for life!"
                      




Timothy
WISPsystem









                        "Never before in my life have I loved a broom! This is an exceptionally well-designed product; lots of thought has gone into it. A triumph of sweeping technology!"
                      




Ray
WISPsystem









                        "The broom is a miracle. Its electrostatic bristles can collect pet hair and dust making cleaning a breeze."
                      




Yuan
WISPsystem
































Sign Up For Updates

            Sign up to receive information about new products, promotions, WISPing tips & more
          














Subscribe Now



















































Whisppa LLC – Venture Capital for Africa







































Toggle navigation






Login
Register


















Whisppa LLC








Whisppa is a new kind of music streaming and distribution service that focuses on providing a personalized music experience for each user through a unique blend of digital innovation and musical passion and at the same time creating an avenue for generating revenue for music artistes in Africa. 
Programmed by a trusted team of well-experienced web and marketing experts with years of experience in their field, Whisppa delivers the right music for any situation, any time, and any preference, personalized to your tastes. The result is an artist-friendly digital music service that does more than simply offer access to music, but one that establishes an emotional connection to it as well.






0



0



0



 Fundraising

This venture has not initiated a round of financing on the VC4A platform. If they choose to, the summary of the fundraising round will appear to VC4A Pro Account users here.




Summary Plan


Funding History


Quickscan


Documents







Idea

 

                    We only have a longer pitch. We want you to sign an NDA before we share our business plan. We plan to execute a proven concept in a growing market. Whisppa is a new kind of music streaming and distribution service that focuses on providing a personalized music experience for each user through a unique blend of digital innovation and musical passion and at the same time creating an avenue for generating revenue for artistes 


Team

 

                    Our founder has the business savvy and persistence to turn ideas into a company. We can build the product - our team has what it takes. Given the time and money, we can deliver on our promises. Our team is a creative and talented group who are committed to what they do. We are determined to be market leaders in the tech industry of Africa thus our desire to develop social intervention solutions, solutions that stimulates growth and development in Africa. 



Product

 

                    We have a working product and you can request a demonstration. We have developed the product ourselves and own all of the IP for the product. Whisppa is currently receiving applause from its users. Our users are pleased with our product and are enjoying it to he fullest. Due to financial constrains we have not been able to cover lots of grounds like we ought to but our product is in the lead already in Africa 


Revenue

 

                    We will earn revenue from an advertising model. We plan to monetise our offering in the next phase. We intend to generate revenue through subscription plans by our users or customers. We also will be generating revenue from sales commissions on songs and albums sold on our platform by artistes. Another revenue source is going to come from Ads. 




×Close Pro Account FeatureFunding history is only visible to Pro Account users. 

×Close Pro Account FeatureThe Quickscan is a questionnaire about the venture’s stage, team, operations, marketing, finance, and investment desired. The answers are only visible to Pro Account users. 

×Close Pro Account FeatureDocuments are only visible to Pro Account users. 


 Team    






Eugene Ossei


Works at Whisppa LLC                            




 Updates



×Close Login requiredPlease register or login first to be able to post a message.












More info        


 Overview


Country

Ghana



Markets

            Zambia        


Sectors

Media 



            Founded        

                             -                         







 Entrepreneur


 

Entrepreneur


Eugene Ossei



 About Me
I am a Graphic Designer by profession. I completed senior high school in 2011. I'm passionate about technology and inventions and it is from this passion that lead me to start up a tech company. I'm a natural born marketer so I bring my experience to bare in my company. My dream is for my company to be the leader in the tech industry in Africa.





 City    





                Followers 4



 Thomas van Halen


 Bill Zimmerman


 Ralph Amachree


 Eugene Ossei













