









Blair C. Pickerell | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. Blair C. PickerellChairman, Asia, Nikko Asset Management International Ltd.SingaporeIn his current role since 2010. He is recognized for his pioneering role in developing the Asian mutual funds business. Previously he was CEO Asia at Morgan Stanley Investment Management and held positions at a number of asset and investment management organizations in Hong Kong.2015 Annual ReportAdded to: Principal Financial Group Inc. - Des Moines, IAPrincipal is a financial products and services provider. Revenues are $12 billion.















 















 













Blair Pickerell to Head Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Asia
    

























































 






close







Search










Blair Pickerell to Head Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Asia







Tweet this
Share this on LinkedIn
Share this on Facebook
Email this
Print this










		Hong Kong —
	


 Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) today announced the appointment of Blair Pickerell as a Managing Director and Head of Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) for Asia.  Mr. Pickerell, who will be based in Hong Kong and starts in his new role in June, will also be a member of the Firm’s Asia Executive Committee and the MSIM Senior Management Committee.  He joins from HSBC where he was responsible for the bank’s investment management business in the Asia region. Hans Schuettler, Chief Executive Officer, Morgan Stanley Asia, said, “With growing global interest in Asia, with regional markets opening up and with the increasing sophistication of institutional and individual investors, the region is a critical growth opportunity for our asset management business. Clients are looking for best-in-class asset management products and, under Blair’s leadership, we are confident that we will continue to deliver.” “With over 25 years in Asia, Blair’s regional and product experience will be invaluable as we grow our business geographically and expand the range of asset classes and investment strategies we offer to institutional and high net worth clients,” said Owen Thomas, President of Morgan Stanley Investment Management. MSIM offers clients a comprehensive family of bond, equity and multi-asset class products, as well as private partnerships that invest in private equity, venture capital and real estate opportunities.  Morgan Stanley Investment Management, together with its investment advisory affiliates, has over 400 investment professionals around the world and US$500 billion in assets under management or supervision as of February 28, 2007.  These entities offer investment management services to a diverse client base, which includes governments, institutions, corporations and individuals. Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management, wealth management and credit services.  The Firm’s employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments, institutions and individuals from more than 600 offices in 31 countries.  For further information about Morgan Stanley, please visit www.morganstanley.com.Note to Editors:Blair PickerellPrior to this appointment, Blair Pickerell was Chief Executive, Asia Pacific, of HSBC Investments (Hong Kong) Ltd. Mr. Pickerell received his BA and MA from Stanford University and his MBA from Harvard Business School.   He joined the Jardine Matheson Group in 1984 and in 1985 set up the Jardine Fleming office in Taiwan where he played an active role in the development of its mutual fund industry.   Mr. Pickerell returned to Hong Kong in 1990 and spent two years at Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group before returning to Jardine Fleming as General Manager of Jardine Fleming Unit Trusts Limited.  In 1995, he was appointed Managing Director of Jardine Pacific Limited, a Hong Kong-based conglomerate with 73,000 staff in over 20 countries, with operations in industries ranging from consumer goods, financial services and restaurants to engineering, transportation and security. In August 1999, he rejoined JF Asset Management as Managing Director and as Chairman of JF Funds Limited. He joined HSBC Investments in May 2003 and was a member of the firm’s Global Management Committee. Mr. Pickerell lives in Hong Kong with his family.  He speaks and reads Mandarin.Contact: Media Relations, Nick Footitt, (852)2848.6847                                      Poling Cheung, (852)2848.6501





































Close


































Morgan Stanley | Press Release | Blair Pickerell to Head Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Asia















































Press Releases

E-mail Article






Printer Friendly








Blair Pickerell to Head Morgan Stanley Investment Management in Asia

Apr 18 2007 | Hong Kong


 



Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) today announced the appointment of Blair Pickerell as a Managing Director and Head of Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) for Asia.  Mr. Pickerell, who will be based in Hong Kong and starts in his new role in June, will also be a member of the Firm’s Asia Executive Committee and the MSIM Senior Management Committee.  He joins from HSBC where he was responsible for the bank’s investment management business in the Asia region. Hans Schuettler, Chief Executive Officer, Morgan Stanley Asia, said, “With growing global interest in Asia, with regional markets opening up and with the increasing sophistication of institutional and individual investors, the region is a critical growth opportunity for our asset management business. Clients are looking for best-in-class asset management products and, under Blair’s leadership, we are confident that we will continue to deliver.” “With over 25 years in Asia, Blair’s regional and product experience will be invaluable as we grow our business geographically and expand the range of asset classes and investment strategies we offer to institutional and high net worth clients,” said Owen Thomas, President of Morgan Stanley Investment Management. MSIM offers clients a comprehensive family of bond, equity and multi-asset class products, as well as private partnerships that invest in private equity, venture capital and real estate opportunities.  Morgan Stanley Investment Management, together with its investment advisory affiliates, has over 400 investment professionals around the world and US$500 billion in assets under management or supervision as of February 28, 2007.  These entities offer investment management services to a diverse client base, which includes governments, institutions, corporations and individuals. Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management, wealth management and credit services.  The Firm’s employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments, institutions and individuals from more than 600 offices in 31 countries.  For further information about Morgan Stanley, please visit www.morganstanley.com.Note to Editors:Blair PickerellPrior to this appointment, Blair Pickerell was Chief Executive, Asia Pacific, of HSBC Investments (Hong Kong) Ltd. Mr. Pickerell received his BA and MA from Stanford University and his MBA from Harvard Business School.   He joined the Jardine Matheson Group in 1984 and in 1985 set up the Jardine Fleming office in Taiwan where he played an active role in the development of its mutual fund industry.   Mr. Pickerell returned to Hong Kong in 1990 and spent two years at Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group before returning to Jardine Fleming as General Manager of Jardine Fleming Unit Trusts Limited.  In 1995, he was appointed Managing Director of Jardine Pacific Limited, a Hong Kong-based conglomerate with 73,000 staff in over 20 countries, with operations in industries ranging from consumer goods, financial services and restaurants to engineering, transportation and security. In August 1999, he rejoined JF Asset Management as Managing Director and as Chairman of JF Funds Limited. He joined HSBC Investments in May 2003 and was a member of the firm’s Global Management Committee. Mr. Pickerell lives in Hong Kong with his family.  He speaks and reads Mandarin.Contact: Media Relations, Nick Footitt, (852)2848.6847                                      Poling Cheung, (852)2848.6501




More Press Releases

















 Media Inquiries






                      For media inquiries, send an
                      e-mail to Media Inquiries
or call us: 

                      Americas: +1 212 761 2448
                      Europe: +44 20 7425-8005
                      Japan: +81 3 5424 5013
                      Asia Pacific: +852 2848-5051










































Blair C. Pickerell - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Blair C. Pickerell
Board Member at Principal Financial Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Blair C. Pickerell? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Blair C. Pickerell's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Blair C. Pickerell's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Blair C. Pickerell's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Blair C. Pickerell through your network of contacts.
												








Blair C. Pickerell's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Principal Financial Group, Inc.


Past
To view Blair C. Pickerell's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Blair C. Pickerell's Biography



Mr. Pickerell served as Chairman, Asia, Nikko Asset Management from 2010-July 2015. From 2007-2010, he was CEO, Asia, at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. He has also served as Chief Executive, Asia Pacific, of HSBC Asset Management and as Chairman of Jardine Fleming Funds.

Mr. Pickerell's current international service includes memberships on the Supervisory Committee for the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong; on the International Advisory Board of the Securities and Exchange Board of India; on the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong; and as member of the International Advisory Council of Business and Economics of The Universi ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Pickerell served as Chairman, Asia, Nikko Asset Management from 2010-July 2015. From 2007-2010, he was CEO, Asia, at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. He has also served as Chief Executive, Asia Pacific, of HSBC Asset Management and as Chairman of Jardine Fleming Funds.

Mr. Pickerell's current international service includes memberships on the Supervisory Committee for the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong; on the International Advisory Board of the Securities and Exchange Board of India; on the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong; and as member of the International Advisory Council of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong.

Skills and Qualifications: In addition to his extensive leadership record in the investment and asset management and financial services industries, Mr. Pickerell has executive level experience in the retail consumer, international, marketing, mergers & acquisitions, product development and strategic planning. He is fluent in Mandarin Chinese.

Education: Bachelor's and M. A. degrees from Stanford University, MBA from Harvard Business School.
		
Source: Principal Financial Group, Inc. on 04/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Blair C. Pickerell's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Blair C. Pickerell. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Blair C. Pickerell's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Blair C. Pickerell's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Blair C. Pickerell through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Blair C. Pickerell


















Blair C. Pickerell's Connections (32)





Sign up now to view Blair C. Pickerell's 32 connections »









Betsy J. Bernard
Board Member, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Michael T. Dan
Board Member, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Elizabeth E. Tallett
Lead Independent Director, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Dennis H. Ferro
Board Member, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Daniel C. Gelatt
Board Member, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Sandra L. Helton
Board Member, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Larry D. Zimpleman
Former Non-Executive Chairman, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Daniel J. Houston
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Deanna D. Strable-Soethout
Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Group, Inc.









Scott M. Mills
Executive Vice President and Chief Administration Officer, Viacom, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




















Blair Pickerell | Fund Marketing and Distribution: Asia 2017 Speaker



























IIR & IBC Finance is part of the Knowledge and Networking Division of Informa PLC

Informa PLC
About us
Investor relations
Talent



This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067.


Informa




















14 - 15 November 2017

							
							Hong Kong
						











		#
Home
What's On? Agenda
Our Speakers
Sponsors & Exhibitors
Plan Your Visit
Enquiries & Customer Services











						Blair Pickerell
					
Asia Fund Veteran








Profile

Blair Pickerell has had over 30 years of experience in the business world in Asia, particularly in the investment management industry.  He is presently semi-retired and serving on a number of boards and advisory bodies.Pickerell has been much involved in the development of the investment management industry in Asia.  He has served as Chairman of Jardine Fleming Funds (now JP Morgan Funds); Chief Executive, Asia Pacific of HSBC Asset Management; Chief Executive Officer, Asia for Morgan Stanley Investment Management; and Chairman, Asia for Nikko Asset Management.  As such, he has been responsible for overseeing investment businesses from Japan to India and China to New Zeeland.  He was heavily involved in the launch of the first offshore mutual funds in Taiwan, the launch of the first open-ended mutual fund in China, the listing of the first bond fund and first China A-share fund listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, and numerous other innovations in the funds industry.  He has also sat on the global management committees of several investment management firms.He is presently serving as an independent director of NYSE-listed Principal Financial Group (a Fortune 500 firm and a major manager of pension plans globally); an independent director of Hong Kong-listed Link REIT (the largest real estate investment trust in Asia); an independent director of Hong Kong-listed Dah Sing Financial Holdings (banking and insurance); a member of the International Advisory Board of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the Indian securities regulator; a member of the Supervisory Committee of The Tracker Fund of Hong Kong (the largest ETF in Hong Kong); and a Director of the Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong.Pickerell received both his B.A. (with honors and with distinction) and his M.A. from Stanford University and his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.  He is a long-term resident of Hong Kong and speaks Mandarin Chinese. 





Mr AlvinFan
Mr PhilippeLegrand


Speakers at this event










































Prev
Next



Philippe Legrand
CEO
London & Capital Asia










See Blair Speak
Book Now
View Agenda








This site uses cookies to improve the IIR & IBC Finance experience.










PFG Blair C. Pickerell Insider Trades for Principal Financial Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Principal Financial Group Inc.

                  NYSE: PFG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Principal Financial Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:50 p.m.


PFG

/quotes/zigman/289371/composite


$
66.42




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 20,861
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/289371/composite
Previous close

$
			65.89
		


$
				66.42
			
Change

+0.53
+0.80%





Day low
Day high
$65.79
$66.46










52 week low
52 week high

            $44.23
        

            $66.95
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Blair C. Pickerell



Mr. Blair C. Pickerell is Head of Asia & Global Chief Marketing Officer at Nikko Asset Management Hong Kong Ltd.
Based in Hong Kong, he is responsible in developing and overseeing Nikko Asset Management (Nikko AM) businesses in the Asian region and implementing its branding strategy worldwide.
Mr. Pickerell has over 25 years of experience in the Asian investment management industry. Prior to joining the Nikko AM group in August 2010, he served as CEO (Asia) at Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) for three years, where he overseen MSIM's investment management offices in Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, China, India, Australia and Korea.  Before that, he served as Chief Executive (Asia Pacific) for HSBC Asset Management, Director of The Taiwan Fund Inc. and as Chairman of JF Funds.  He also served as Managing Director of Jardine Pacific Ltd. for four years and Development Director of Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group for two years.  He first joined the investment management industry in 1985.
Mr. PIckerell received his BA degree (with honors and distinction) and MA degree from Stanford University. He also holds MBA degree from Harvard Business School.  He is fluent in Mandarin Chinese.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/30/2017
51


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/16/2017
2,032


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/31/2017
36


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/27/2016
36


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/30/2016
39


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/24/2016
47


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2016
3,089


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/25/2016
17


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/28/2015
14


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/25/2015
13


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/17/2015
1,697


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Daniel Joseph  Houston 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Patrick Gregory Halter 
Chief Operating Officer-Principal Global Investors




Mr. Amy C. Friedrich 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & EVP




Mr. Gary P. Scholten 
EVP, Chief Information & Digital Officer




Ms. Barbara  McKenzie 
Chief Investment Officer-Boutique Operations




Mr. Dennis Jon Menken 
CIO-Principal Life Insurance & SVP




Mr. Timothy Mark Dunbar 
Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP




Mr. James Patrick McCaughan 
Chief Executive Officer-Principal Global Investors




Mr. Terrance J. Lillis 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Gregory B. Elming 
Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Ellen W. Shumway 
Senior Executive Director-Strategy & Boutique




Mr. Gregory A. Linde 
Senior Vice President-Individual Life




Ms. Nora Mary Everett 
President-Retirement & Income Solutions




Mr. Luis E.  Valdes 
President-Principal International




Ms. Julia M. Lawler Johnson 
Senior Executive Director-Multi Asset Allocation




Ms. Angela R. Sanders 
Senior Vice President & Controller




Mr. Scott M. Mills 
Director




Mr. Blair C. Pickerell 
Director




Ms. Elizabeth  Brady 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Terri  Hale 
Media Relations Officer




Mr. Hillary  Gebert 
Media Relations Officer




Ms. Erica  Jensen 
Media Relations Officer




Mr. John  Egan 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Elizabeth L. Raymond 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Karen E. Shaff 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Roger C. Hochschild 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael T. Dan 
Independent Director




Mr. Dennis H. Ferro 
Independent Director




Dr. Charles Daniel Gelatt 
Independent Director




Ms. Jocelyn E. Carter-Miller 
Independent Director




Ms. Sandra L. Helton 
Independent Director




Ms. Betsy J. Bernard 
Independent Director




Ms. Elizabeth E.  Tallett 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:51 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pThe dark side of cruises
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Blair Pickerell calls it a day on lengthy fund career - Asia Asset Management - The Journal of Investments & Pensions



























































                    Note: This site contains enhanced user experience that javascript support for your
                web browser is recommended.
                








HOME



Subscriber Login

TRENDS



Real Assets



New drivers of real estate investment




Real Estate



UBS eyes Mainland logistics and commercial assets




Asset Allocation



CLOs back on investors’ radars




Strategy



Asian institutional investors seek greater diversification




Outsourcing



Outsourcing on the increase amongst Asian institutional investors






FEATURES



PRIVATE EQUITY PANORAMA



Bonderman jibe accentuates underlying PE image problem


CalPERS to pull out of PE?




SPONSORED STATEMENT



Navigating future forward change




RESPONSIBLE INVESTING



The Responsible Investor




SUSTAINABLE INVESTING



Gaining value from values




GREATER CHINA



Interest in MRF scheme remains muted


Playing it safe




C-SUITE EXCLUSIVE



On the crest of a wave




ASIAN EQUITIES



Cautious optimism




FAMILY OFFICES



Walking Asian families along the wealth path




LARGE CAP INVESTING



Riding on the boom




RESEARCH



Bones of contention




ASSET MANAGEMENT IN CHINA



Survival of the fittest




FIRST STATE CIO ROUNDTABLE



Driving forces: fixed income and multi asset




INSIGHT



From concept to reality




MARKETWATCH



A game of wait and see




MPF INDICATORS



MPF INDICATORS




SEARCH DIRECTORY



Directory of Manager Appointments & Searches July 2017


Focus: Government Pension Fund (GPF), Thailand




ROAD WARRIOR



Of taxi drivers and hybrid engines




JULY 2017 E-MAGAZINE



July 2017 E-MAG






AGRIBUSINESS



A tangle of political problems


A growing proposition




GOING PLACES



Mark Speciale hired as Asia Pacific head of institutional sales at BNP Paribas AM


Willis Towers Watson appoints new Asia Pacific investments head


Schroders poaches Jason Yu from SLI


Etienne Bouas-Laurent to succeed Stuart Harrison as AXA Hong Kong CEO




MAGAZINE



Current Issue


Past Issues












Monday, July 24, 201710:51 AM HKT



            Not a Subscriber?
            Subscribe Now















Country
Africa
ASEAN
Asia
Asia Pacific
Asia-Pacific
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Brazil
BRICs
Brunei
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
Canada
Cayman Islands
China
Developed Markets
Emerging Markets
England
Europe
France
GCC
Germany
Global
Greater China
Greece
Holland
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Kuwait
Latin America
Lux
Luxembourg
Macau
Malaysia
MENA
Mexico
Middle East
Mongolia
Myanmar
Netherlands
New Zealand
News
Nigeria
North America
Norway
Pakistan
Philippines
Portugal
Portugal
Qatar
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scandinavia
Scotland
Singapore
South Africa
South America
South Korea
Southeast Asia
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
U.S.A.
United Arab
United Kingdom
USA
Vietnam









Awards



Best of the Best Awards


The MPF Awards


ETF and Indexing Awards





News


Events



Events Archive


AAM Events in 2017





Publications



Overview


Asia Asset Management


ETFI Asia


List of Publications For Sale





Supplements



2017 Best of the Best Awards Supplement


20th Anniversary Special Edition





Fund Manager Surveys



AAM 2016 Fund Manager Survey results now available


Buy the latest Fund Manager Survey results


Recent Surveys


Archive





Photos & Videos



Video Exclusive


Best of the Best Awards


The MPF Awards


ETF and Indexing Awards


Prize


Forums


2017 Roundtable


2016 Roundtable


2015 Roundtable


2014 Roundtable


2013 Roundtable


2012 Roundtable


2011 Roundtable





White Papers



White Papers












Back to News

        Blair Pickerell calls it a day on lengthy fund career

        08 July 2015
         
        Category: News, Asia, Global
          
        By Asia Asset Management
    









0 Recommend















	Asia fund veteran Blair Pickerell is stepping down from his position at Nikko Asset Management on August 1. In doing so, he is closing the door on a long and accomplished 30-year career, having had stints at Jardine Matheson/Jardine Fleming, HSBC, Morgan Stanley, and Nikko Asset Management. 

	Mr. Pickerell will remain active non-executively, having accepted an offer to be an independent director at Principal Financial Group, effective August 17 this year, amongst other positions.

	“After three decades of working long hours for several large corporations, I have reached the stage when I should be spending more time doing things that I enjoy and less time stuck behind an office desk,” he said in a farewell note to friends and colleagues.

	Among his various stints in asset management, he was instrumental in breaking into the Taiwan market for Jardine Fleming in the mid-80s, building a presence from the ground up: today, Taiwan is a key market for the firm. He had shorter stints at Morgan Stanley and HSBC.

	But he says he will not entirely leave the industry altogether: “"Semi-retire" is probably a better description, for I suppose it is not easy to go from 90 miles-per-hour to "zero" in one fell swoop. I plan to continue to follow developments in the business world and to sit on a few boards and committees,” he said in the note.

	Part of him being active is remaining as a non-executive director at Dah Sing Financial Holdings, as a member of the international advisory board of SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India), and undertaking the position of independent director at Principal, which will become effective on August 17.

	Speaking of his non-executive role at Principal, he said: “They [Principal] serve 19.5 million clients from offices in 18 countries, including several here in Asia. This will require me to visit the US around five times per year to attend board meetings.”      

	Mr. Pickerell admitted that there is a possibility that he will look into undertaking more directorship positions in the future, but said that in order to maintain work from interfering into his new life, which includes hiking, golf, and gardening; he has set a goal of “being busy with such [non-executive] activities only around 40-50% of the time.”  

	After receiving his MBA from Harvard and being hired by Jardine Matheson to set up their Jardine Fleming Taiwan Office in 1984, Mr. Pickerell pioneered the mutual fund in Taiwan, first selling to expatriates, then to locals, then eventually convincing Taiwan banks to act as intermediaries to sell his fund.

	Proficient in Mandarin Chinese, he did not have to overcome the language barrier. As a result, he transformed the mutual fund from an offshore product into a popular choice among retail investors in Taiwan, concurrently helping JF become a monopoly player in the market. In 2011, Mr. Pickerell also spearheaded the US$600 million Huaan Innovation Fund, the first open-ended mutual fund to be introduced in China. Managed by the local Huaan financial firm, the fund invested in RMB-denominated class A-Shares.







       Highlights
    


A tangle of political problems




Focus: Government Pension Fund (GPF), Thailand




Etienne Bouas-Laurent to succeed Stuart Harrison as AXA Hong Kong CEO




Navigating future forward change




From concept to reality




CLOs back on investors’ radars




Navigating future forward change


Taiwan asset managers’ fee income at five-year high


China signals cautions approach to tightening, says Fitch


PE Panorama: CalPERS looking to move into direct investment territory


BoAML: Investors most underweight on US stocks since 2008


Japan’s defined-benefit pension funds boost exposure to alternatives





Most Popular...



Fullerton bolsters investment leadership team


Etienne Bouas-Laurent to succeed Stuart Harrison as AXA Hong Kong CEO


China’s inclusion in MSCI doesn’t erase investment risk


PE Panorama: CalPERS to pull out of PE?


Japan and Australia ink fintech pact


Korea’s KIC expected to open new office in Singapore


Manulife gets green light to operate trust business in Philippines


PineBridge lures Lisa Wang from SSGA


Enter the vortex


Mirae Asset Life set to seal deal for 50% stake in Vietnamese insurer



























About Us | 
        
            Advertise | 
        
            Editorial | 
        
            Contacts | 
        
            Terms of Service | 
        
            Privacy Information | 
        
            Site Help | 
        
            e-Newsletter
        
                 | 
                RSS


        To subscribe to Asia Asset Management magazine: Call us at (852) 2547 7331 during
        business hours (9am to 6pm, HKT) or click here.

        ©
        2017
        Asia-Pacific Media Limited. All rights reserved.
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any
        form without prior authorisation.
    

        Produced by Javacatz









Back to Home






            Member Login
        




Enjoy unlimited access to

www.asiaasset.com quickly growing article
                    database!





Not a AsiaAsset.com Member yet?

                                Enjoy Limited Time
                                Free Access
                            

                                Just fill in your profile with login ID and password and you'll be all set.
                            

Register Now






Already an AsiaAsset.com Member?

                                            Log In Now
                                        


                                                Login ID or E-mail Address:

*




                                                Password:

*







Forgot Your Password?








 Remember me on this computer.




Log In






                                     Please wait...
                                





                ©
                2017
                Asia-Pacific Media Limited
            














            Subscription Alert





                    Please
                    renew/upgrade
                    now.


                ©
                2017
                Asia-Pacific Media Limited
            







Close in 10 seconds.



















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




