








Garrett E. Pierce - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Garrett E. Pierce
Chief Financial Officer at Orbital ATK, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Garrett E. Pierce? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Garrett E. Pierce's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Garrett E. Pierce's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Garrett E. Pierce's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Garrett E. Pierce through your network of contacts.
												








Garrett E. Pierce's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Financial Officer, 
Orbital ATK, Inc.


Chairman of the Board, 
Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.


Past
To view Garrett E. Pierce's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
72

 
 


Garrett E. Pierce's Biography



Garrett E. Pierce has served in his present position since the Merger on February 9, 2015. He was Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Orbital from 2002 until the Merger, and was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Orbital from 2000 to 2002. From 1996 until 2000, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sensormatic Electronics Corp., a supplier of electronic security systems, where he was also named Chief Administrative Officer in July 1998. Prior to joining Sensormatic, Mr. Pierce was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of California Microwave, Inc., a supplier of microwa ...
(Read More)

			Garrett E. Pierce has served in his present position since the Merger on February 9, 2015. He was Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Orbital from 2002 until the Merger, and was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Orbital from 2000 to 2002. From 1996 until 2000, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sensormatic Electronics Corp., a supplier of electronic security systems, where he was also named Chief Administrative Officer in July 1998. Prior to joining Sensormatic, Mr. Pierce was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of California Microwave, Inc., a supplier of microwave, radio frequency, and satellite systems and products for communications and wireless networks. From 1980 to 1993, Mr. Pierce was employed by Materials Research Corporation, a provider of thin film equipment and high purity materials to the semiconductor, telecommunications and media storage industries, where he progressed from Chief Financial Officer to President and Chief Executive Officer. Materials Research Corporation was acquired by Sony Corporation in 1989. From 1972 to 1980, Mr. Pierce held various management positions with The Signal Companies. Mr. Pierce is a Director of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.
		
Source: Orbital ATK, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Garrett E. Pierce's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Garrett E. Pierce. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Garrett E. Pierce's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Garrett E. Pierce's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Garrett E. Pierce through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Garrett E. Pierce


















Garrett E. Pierce's Connections (86)





Sign up now to view Garrett E. Pierce's 86 connections »









Michael J. Morris
Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Forward Air Corporation









Irene Lee
Senior Vice President, Global Operations and Chief Quality Officer, Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









Deepak Sood
Vice President, Global Engineering, Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









Jonathan H. Chou
Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









Mui S. Yeo
Board Member, Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









Yih-Neng Lee
Employee, Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









Lester A. Wong
Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs and General Counsel, Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









Bruno Guilmart
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Lattice Semiconductor Corporation









Mark W. DeYoung
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Vista Outdoor Inc.









Stephen S. Clark
Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services, Vista Outdoor Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Kulicke & Soffa Appoints Garrett E. Pierce as Chairman of the Board of Directors (NASDAQ:KLIC)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














August 18, 2014

Kulicke & Soffa Appoints Garrett E. Pierce as Chairman of the Board of Directors

 SINGAPORE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ: KLIC) ("Kulicke & Soffa",

      "K&S" or the "Company") today announced the appointment of Garrett E.

      Pierce as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Pierce will replace

      MacDonell Roehm, Jr. who is stepping down as Chairman having reached the

      Company's customary retirement age. Mr. Pierce will become Chairman

      effective September 28, 2014.

    

Mr. Pierce has served on the K&S Board of Directors since 2005 and is

      the Chairman of the Audit Committee. He is the Chief Financial Officer

      and a member of the Board of Directors of Orbital Sciences Corporation

      (NYSE: ORB), one of the world's leading space technology companies,

      positions he has held since 2000.

    

MacDonell Roehm, Jr., Chairman of the K&S Board of Directors, said,

      "Garrett's extensive experience and strong leadership roles in

      publicly-traded technology companies, in addition to his deep knowledge

      and familiarity with Kulicke & Soffa, make him the ideal candidate to

      take over the Chairman position. I'm extremely confident Garrett can

      provide meaningful insight and direction to the K&S management team in

      navigating its strategic growth initiatives."

    

Mr. Pierce said, "On behalf of the Board and the Company, I would like

      to thank Don for his thirty years of service on the K&S Board. His

      guidance has been a critical part of the Company's success over the

      years. I look forward to working with the other members of the Board and

      with the Company's management team. With its leading market positions,

      strong balance sheet and aggressive organic initiatives, K&S is in a

      unique position to drive meaningful value creation going forward."

    

About Kulicke & Soffa


Kulicke & Soffa (NASDAQ: KLIC) is a global leader in the design and

      manufacture of semiconductor and LED assembly equipment. As a pioneer in

      this industry, K&S has provided customers with market leading packaging

      solutions for decades. In recent years, K&S has expanded its product

      offerings through strategic acquisitions, adding wedge bonding and a

      broader range of expendable tools to its core ball bonding products.

      Combined with its extensive expertise in process technology, K&S is well

      positioned to help customers meet the challenges of assembling the

      next-generation semiconductor and LED devices. (www.kns.com)

    




Kulicke & Soffa Joseph ElgindyInvestor Relations

      & Strategic PlanningP: +1-215-784-7518F: +1-215-784-6180jelgindy@kns.comorSheila

      FresePublic RelationsP: +1-949-399-2930F:

      +1-949-660-0444sfrese@kns.com



Source: Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top






Copyright 2017 Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.









  



Garrett Pierce, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Orbital Sciences Corporation | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Garrett Pierce


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Garrett Pierce

Pierce Garrett



Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Orbital Sciences Corporation




Sterling, VA




Find other people named Garrett Pierce




General Info


Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Garrett E. Pierce
 Mr. Pierce joined Orbital in August 2000 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In August 2002, his position was elevated to Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. In this role, Mr. Pierce is responsible for the company’s corporate financial planning and control, accounting and audit functions, equity and debt capital market activities, investor and bank relations and all related areas. 
Prior to joining Orbital, Mr. Pierce served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer/Chief Administrative Officer for Sensormatic Electronics Corporation, a $1 billion global technology company headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida. During his time with Sensormatic, he developed and implemented new financial and operational strategies that positioned the company for continued growth. He worked to refinance the company’s debt securities, raised equity, significantly improved the company’s bottom line and restructured its financial reporting system. Beyond managing the company’s finances, Mr. Pierce oversaw Sensormatic’s corporate communications, human resources, information technology and legal departments. 
Earlier, Mr. Pierce held executive-level positions at California Microwave, Inc., a $500 million leading supplier of microwave and satellite systems for communications and wireless networks, and Materials Research Corporation, a provider of thin film technology equipment and high purity materials to the semiconductor industry. Sony Corporation acquired Materials Research Corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary in 1989. Mr. Pierce has also worked for Allied Signal, Touche Ross (now known as Deloitte & Touche) and Time Warner. 
Mr. Pierce holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in economics from Southern Illinois University and attended Stanford University’s Executive Financial Management Program. He is a certified public accountant.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Garrett Pierces on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.orbital.com



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Orbital Sciences Corporation

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Orbital Sciences Corporation








Lou Amorosi

Vice President Orbital/Suborbital Program
Mar-2012








Michael Williams

Senior Vice President / Treasurer









Mark Bitterman

Senior Vice President of Government Relations









David Thompson

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer









Carl Marchetto

General Manager









Antonio Elias

General Manager for Advanced Programs









Josh Dinman

Vice President Marketing









Emily Bender

Senior Director of Human Resources









Paul Brost

Senior Vice President , Finance and Business Operations









Tim Fackler

















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Career




Website/Blog




Industry




Summary




Add Education



Add a Social Network



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Photo



Add a Video



Add 3 Achievements



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c10022205c0" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/garrett-pierce-3e1429c09e597c10022205c0">Garrett Pierce</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Garrett.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More




Garrett E. Pierce: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:37 PM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Orbital ATK, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Garrett E. Pierce  Chief Financial Officer, Orbital ATK, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships72$2,552,143As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Garrett E. Pierce has been the Chief Financial Officer of Orbital ATK, Inc. (formerly known as Alliant Techsystems Inc.) since February 9, 2015. Mr. Pierce served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Orbital Sciences Corp. from August 2000 to April 2002. From 1996 to August 2000, he served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Sensormatic Electronics Corp. where he served as the Chief Administrative Officer since ... July 1998. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of California Microwave Inc. From 1980 to 1993, Mr. Pierce served at Materials Research Corporation, where he served as the Chief Financial Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Pierce has been the Chairman of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. since September 28, 2014. He has been Vice Chairman of Orbital Sciences Corp. since April 2002. From 1972 to 1980, he served various management positions at the Signal companies. Mr. Pierce has been a Director of Orbital Sciences Corp. since August 2000. Mr. Pierce has been a Director of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. since December 1, 2005.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
45101 Warp DriveDulles, Virginia 20166United StatesPhone: 703-406-5000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2000-PresentVice Chairman and Chief Financial OfficerOrbital Sciences Corp.2005-PresentChairmanKulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Orbital Sciences Corp.Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.Export-Import Bank of the United States


Annual Compensation
Salary$702,121Total Annual Compensation$702,121
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$821,057All Other Compensation$138,488Exercisable Options$3,249Exercisable Options Value$50,912Unexercisable Options$16,239Unexercisable Options Value$182,674Total Value of Options$233,585Total Number of Options$19,488
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,531,103Total Short Term Compensation$702,121Other Long Term Compensation$959,545Total Calculated Compensation$2,552,143




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMax H. Mitchell Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCrane Co.$915.0KWilson R. Jones Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorOshkosh Corporation$946.7KHåkan  Buskhe M.Sc.Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSaab AB (publ)$13.6MStuart J. B. Bradie Chief Executive Officer, President, Group President of Engineering & Construction and DirectorKBR, Inc.$1.0MLawrence B. Prior IIIPresident, CEO & DirectorCSRA Inc.$856.3KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Orbital ATK, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Garrett E Pierce - Oakland, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Garrett E Pierce in Oakland, CA


Garrett E Pierce

                                                                           Intelius found that Garrett E Pierce  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Oakland, CA.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                0 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Garrett E Pierce is in his 50s

Garrett Has Lived In

Oakland, CA

Garrett's Relatives

Andre Pierce
Mary Pierce







Garrett E Pierce



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Garrett? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Garrett, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Garrett E Pierce
Get a Criminal Check on Garrett E Pierce
Get a Public Record Report on Garrett E Pierce
Get a People Search Report on Garrett E Pierce


Garrett E Pierce's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Garrett E Pierce has lived as well as Garrett E Pierce's phone numbers and email addresses.




Garrett E Pierce Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Garrett E Pierce


6616 A**** D* 

Oakland, CA


Has Lived In

Oakland, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Garrett E Pierce



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Garrett E Pierce



Get Email Report




Garrett E Pierce's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Garrett E Pierce


Garrett E Pierce's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Garrett E Pierce's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Garrett Pierce
Username Matches

                  GarrettPierce
                  PierceGarrett
                  Garrett.Pierce
                  Pierce.Garrett
                  Garrett_Pierce
                  Pierce_Garrett
                  Garrett-Pierce
                  Pierce-Garrett
                  GPierce
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Pierce







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Garrett Pierce | Orbital Sciences Corporation | ZoomInfo.com0000056978-17-000014.txt : 20170111
0000056978-17-000014.hdr.sgml : 20170111
20170111101853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000056978-17-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	4
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170109
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170111
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170111

ISSUER:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KULICKE & SOFFA INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000056978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				231498399
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23A SERANGOON NORTH AVENUE 5, #01-01
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			554369
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2157846000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23A SERANGOON NORTH AVENUE 5, #01-01
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			554369

REPORTING-OWNER:	

	OWNER DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PIERCE GARRETT E
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001231084

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		4
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00121
		FILM NUMBER:		17522178

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21839 ATLANTIC BLVD
		CITY:			DULLES
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20166


4
1
wf-form4_148414792110960.xml
FORM 4




X0306
4
2017-01-09
0

0000056978
KULICKE & SOFFA INDUSTRIES INC
KLIC



0001231084
PIERCE GARRETT E


1005 VIRGINIA DRIVE

FORT WASHINGTON
PA
US 19034



1
0
0
0







Common Stock


2017-01-09


4
S
0



38



16.28


D




118299




D





Common Stock


2017-01-09


4
S
0



700



16.29


D




117599




D






The shares covered by this Form 4 were sold pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1(c) sales plan dated November 17, 2016.



Susan L. Waters, Attorney-in-Fact for Garrett E. Pierce
2017-01-11









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























