
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017







Steffen  Pietzke's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
P
Pietzke

Steffen  Pietzke




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 720346747Steffen  Pietzke444 Saratoga AveSanta Clara, CA 95050(408) 615-8453Background Check - Available
Record ID: 722127110Steffen  Pietzke444 Saratoga AveSanta Clara, CA 95050(408) 615-8453Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






Steffen Pietzke, Pdl Biopharma Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Steffen Pietzke

VP:Finance/Chief Acctg Officer,
Pdl Biopharma Inc






Career History




VP:Finance/Chief Acctg Officer
Pdl Biopharma Inc, 6/2015-PRESENT


Senior Manager
Ernst & Young LLP, 2013-6/2015


Senior Manager
Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP, FORMER









Website:
www.pdl.com






Corporate Information
Address:

932 Southwood Blvd
Incline Village, NV 89451
United States


Phone:
1-775-832-8500


Fax:
1-775-832-8501


Web url:
www.pdl.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Sciences
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Other Memberships




American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































PDLI Steffen Pietzke Insider Trades for PDL BioPharma Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































PDL BioPharma Inc.

                  NASDAQ: PDLI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

PDL BioPharma Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:50 p.m.


PDLI

/quotes/zigman/99243/composite


$
2.44




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 26,530
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/99243/composite
Previous close

$
			2.48
		


$
				2.44
			
Change

-0.04
-1.61%





Day low
Day high
$2.43
$2.48










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.93
        

            $3.77
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Steffen Pietzke



Mr. Steffen Pietzke, CPA, is Chief Accounting Officer & Controller at PDL BioPharma, Inc. and a Member at The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Pietzke was previously employed as Senior Manager by Ernst & Young LLP and Senior Manager by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. He received his undergraduate degree from Offenburg University of Applied Sciences.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/04/2017
98,039


 
Award at $2.04 per share.


199,999


12/13/2016
663


 



0


01/26/2016
31,135


 
Award at $3.22 per share.


100,254


12/07/2015
20,590


 
Acquisition at $3.64 per share.


74,947


09/29/2015
1,841


 
Award at $4.95 per share.


9,112


07/06/2015
14,748


 
Award at $6.18 per share.


91,142





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John Peter McLaughlin 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Peter S. Garcia 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President




Mr. Danny J. Hart 
Vice President-Business Development




Mr. Steffen  Pietzke 
Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. Christopher Lewis Stone 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Ms. Jody S. Lindell 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul W. Sandman 
Independent Director




Dr. Harold E. Selick 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. David W. Gryska 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul R. Edick 
Independent Director




Dr. Samuel R. Saks 
Independent Director
















Log In




5:47 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
3:17aFrance's CAC 40 falls 1.1%, dropping further in early Friday trade 
3:07aBarclays falls 1.9% after earnings report 
3:04aBritish Airways parent IAG rises 3.3% after quarterly profit report  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

































































Steffen Pietzke | PDL BioPharma Inc | Email, Controller/Chief Accounting Officer, @pdl.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Steffen Pietzke

 PDL BioPharma Inc  Controller/Chief Accounting Officer


Updated On : 
                    Mar 02, 2017                            

export

















932 Southwood Blvd

Incline Village, NV 89451


Email format for @pdl.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
500 - 999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                    
SIC Code:  
                         2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    PDL BioPharma Inc's Controller/Chief Accounting Officer is where Steffen Pietzke is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is John Mclaughlin. They are based in Incline Village, NV, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Biotech/drugs industry. Steffen Pietzke's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other PDL BioPharma Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @pdl.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Steffen Pietzke are SPietzke@pdl.com, Steffen.Pietzke@pdl.com, Steffen@pdl.com, and Steffen_Pietzke@pdl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@pdl.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Steffen Palko - Other
Texas Christian University's Associate Professor is Steffen Palko. They are based in Fort Worth, TX, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Education/training industry. Steffen Palko's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Texas Christian University contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @tcu.edu domain format.  Some possible email formats for Steffen Palko are SPalko@tcu.edu, Steffen.Palko@tcu.edu, Steffen@tcu.edu, and Steffen_Palko@tcu.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@tcu.edu addresses.
Steffen Parratt - Finance
Located in New York, NY KCG Holdings, Inc has Steffen Parratt serving as the organization's CFO. Need Steffen Parratt's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in KCG Holdings, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their KCG Holdings, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for KCG Holdings, Inc on Lead411 under the Sales/marketing services industry.  Some possible email formats for Steffen Parratt are SParratt@kcg.com, Steffen.Parratt@kcg.com, Steffen@kcg.com, and Steffen_Parratt@kcg.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@kcg.com addresses.
Steffen Paulus - Sales - Marketing
Trying to find Steffen Paulus's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Nokia Technologies's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @company.nokia.com contact information.  Nokia Technologies is an organization centered in , , which you can find on Lead411 under the Other category.  Steffen Paulus is their Director, Portfolio Marketing.  Some possible email formats for Steffen Paulus are SPaulus@company.nokia.com, Steffen.Paulus@company.nokia.com, Steffen@company.nokia.com, and Steffen_Paulus@company.nokia.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@company.nokia.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
John Mclaughlin - Executive
Their CEO/President  is John Mclaughlin. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/drugs industry. If you're checking for PDL BioPharma Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @pdl.com email addresses and possibly John Mclaughlin's email. PDL BioPharma Inc is based in Incline Village, NV. You can also get John Mclaughlin's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/drugs category.  Some possible email formats for John Mclaughlin are JMclaughlin@pdl.com, John.Mclaughlin@pdl.com, John@pdl.com, and John_Mclaughlin@pdl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@pdl.com addresses.
Christopher Stone - Executive
Need to know Christopher Stone's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on PDL BioPharma Inc's Lead411 profile.  Christopher Stone is the VP/General Counsel for PDL BioPharma Inc, an organization which has its base in Incline Village, NV.  One can also find PDL BioPharma Inc email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @pdl.com url.  Biotech/drugs is PDL BioPharma Inc's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Christopher Stone are CStone@pdl.com, Christopher.Stone@pdl.com, Christopher@pdl.com, and Christopher_Stone@pdl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@pdl.com addresses.
Danny Hart - Sales - Marketing
For PDL BioPharma Inc email addresses with the @pdl.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Danny Hart, you may check in PDL BioPharma Inc's Lead411 profile. Danny Hart is currently the VP Business Development for PDL BioPharma Inc. The company's CEO is John Mclaughlin. The contact information of PDL BioPharma Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Biotech/drugs. Their main offices are in Incline Village, NV.  Some possible email formats for Danny Hart are DHart@pdl.com, Danny.Hart@pdl.com, Danny@pdl.com, and Danny_Hart@pdl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@pdl.com addresses.

People Directory > Steffen Pietzke




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 PDL BioPharma Appoints Steffen Pietzke as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









PDL BioPharma Appoints Steffen Pietzke as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

Jun 24, 2015, 07:00 ET
		  		  							
						 from   PDL BioPharma, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




 


 

 




 





 


INCLINE VILLAGE, Nev., June 24, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- PDL BioPharma, Inc. (PDL) (NASDAQ:   PDLI) today announced that the company has appointed Steffen Pietzke, CPA, to the position of controller and chief accounting officer. Mr. Pietzke officially joins the company this week.
"Steffen is an excellent addition to PDL and brings over 14 years of accounting and financial reporting experience to our team," stated Peter Garcia, vice president and chief financial officer of PDL BioPharma. "Having recognized more than $580 million in revenues in 2014, PDL is pleased with the relevant experience that Steffen brings to our team. His experience in auditing both venture capital firms and biopharmaceutical companies with revenues and with complex financial transactions will further strengthen our finance team and support our income generating efforts."
Mr. Pietzke joins PDL from Ernst & Young LLP (E&Y), where he held the position of senior manager since 2013. He provided audit and related financial services to both public and private companies in the U.S., Europe and China. Prior to joining E&Y, Mr. Pietzke was with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for more than 12 years, most recently as a senior manager. He is highly regarded at these public accounting firms for his technical expertise and was focused on specific complex areas such as revenue recognition, financial instruments, derivatives, stock-based compensation and public offerings. Mr. Pietzke is a licensed Certified Public Accountant, a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and holds a Bachelor of Business Science degree in Accounting with honors from the University of Sciences in Offenburg, Germany.
About PDL BioPharma
PDL manages a portfolio of patents and royalty assets, consisting of its Queen et al. patents, license agreements with various biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and royalty and other assets acquired. To acquire new income generating assets, PDL provides non-dilutive growth capital and financing solutions to late-stage public and private healthcare companies and offers immediate financial monetization of royalty streams to companies, academic institutions, and inventors. PDL has invested approximately $780 million to date. PDL evaluates its investments based on the quality of the income generating assets and potential returns on investment. PDL is currently focused on intellectual property asset management, acquiring new income generating assets and maximizing value for its shareholders.
The Company was formerly known as Protein Design Labs, Inc. and changed its name to PDL BioPharma, Inc. in 2006. PDL was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Incline Village, Nevada. PDL pioneered the humanization of monoclonal antibodies and, by doing so, enabled the discovery of a new generation of targeted treatments for cancer and immunologic diseases for which it receives significant royalty revenue.
For more information, please visit www.pdl.com. 
PDL BioPharma and the PDL BioPharma logo are considered trademarks of PDL BioPharma, Inc.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110822/SF55808LOGO 
 
 SOURCE  PDL BioPharma, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.pdl.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jun 25, 2015, 07:00 ET
Preview: PDL BioPharma to Present at the Nasdaq 32nd Investor Program




















Jun 15, 2015, 07:00 ET
Preview: PDL BioPharma Completes Regular Quarterly Dividend Payment








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 03, 2017, 16:02 ET
Noden Pharma Notified of ANDA Filing for Tekturna®














May 03, 2017, 16:02 ET
PDL BioPharma to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Healthcare...














May 03, 2017, 16:02 ET
PDL BioPharma Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Steffen Pietzke - Vice President, Finance & Chief Accounting Officer at PDL BioPharma, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Steffen Pietzke
Vice President, Finance & Chief Accounting Officer at PDL BioPharma, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Public Holdings 


Steffen Pietzke
Vice President, Finance & Chief Accounting Officer at PDL BioPharma, Inc.



 Overview



Age



45
                                  (Born 1972)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 80 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
June 26, 2015





                        PDL BioPharma appoints chief accounting officer                    





PR Newswire
June 24, 2015





                        PDL BioPharma Appoints Steffen Pietzke as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer                    







 Relationships
              See Details




John P. McLaughlin

President & Chief Executive Officer at PDL BioPharma, Inc.




Peter S. Garcia

Chief Financial Officer & Vice President at PDL BioPharma, Inc.





Christopher Stone

Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel at PDL BioPharma, Inc.




Nathan N. Kryszak

Deputy General Counsel at PDL BioPharma, Inc.





Subha Sundaram

Founder at PDL BioPharma, Inc.




Armida Cortez

Founder at PDL BioPharma, Inc.





Aimee Serna

Owner at PDL BioPharma, Inc.




Paul W. Sandman

Former Secretary, Executive Vice President & General Counsel at Boston Scientific Corporation





Jody S. Lindell

President & Chief Executive Officer at S-G Management LLC




Harold Selick

Vice Chancellor, Business Development, Innovation & Partnerships at University of California - San Francisco







See 70 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 70 More 


 


 Paths to Steffen Pietzke



            Steffen Pietzke          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Steffen Pietzke






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Steffen Pietzke.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Offenburg University of Applied Sciences







 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

                  The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants provides vocational education in accounting. The company provides services to the accounting community, regulatory bodies, and other organizations. It also operates in Jersey City, Washington, and Lewisville. It was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in New York City, NY.                





 Career History



Vice President, Finance & Chief Accounting Officer

                                    2015 - Current                


PDL BioPharma, Inc.


                  PDL BioPharma, Inc. produces and markets biopharmaceutical products. It focuses on intellectual property asset management, investing in new royalty bearing assets and maximizing the value of its patent portfolio and related assets. The company manages a portfolio of patents and royalty assets, consisting of its Queen et al. patents, license agreements with various biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and royalty and other assets acquired. PDL BioPharma was founded by Cary L. Queen and Laurence Jay Korn in 1986 and is headquartered in Incline Village, NV.                




Senior Manager

                                    Prior                


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


                  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC provides assurance, tax and advisory services. Its services include audit and assurance, consulting, deals, human resources, legal, tax, and family business. The firm also offers accountability, risk management, structuring, mergers and acquisitions, and performance and process improvement. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Buffalo, NY.                




Senior Manager

                                    Prior                


Ernst & Young LLP


                  Ernst & Young LLP engages in the provision of assurance, tax, transactions, and advisory services. It offers audit, business risk, technology, security risk, and human capital services. The company was founded by Arthur Young and Alwin C. Ernst in 1989 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Steffen Pietzke is affiliated with
                            PDL BioPharma, Inc., PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Ernst & Young LLP.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Steffen Pietzke - PDL






















































 

















About PDL

Leadership 


Equity Investments

Noden Pharma 
Products from Noden Pharma 
LENSAR 
LENSAR Product 


Alternative Financings

Portfolio of Assets 
On-Going Transactions 
Concluded Transactions 


Investor Relations
News
Contact
 














About PDL

Leadership


Equity Investments

Noden Pharma
Products from Noden Pharma
LENSAR
LENSAR Product


Alternative Financings

Portfolio of Assets
On-Going Transactions
Concluded Transactions


Investor Relations
News
Contact
 

Steffen Pietzke
PDL > Steffen Pietzke





Steffen Pietzke, currently our Vice President, Finance, and Chief Accounting Officer, joined the company in June, 2015. Prior to PDL, Mr. Pietzke was a Senior Manager with Ernst & Young LLP (EY) since 2013. He provided audit and related financial services to both public and private companies in the U.S., Europe and China. Prior to joining EY, Mr. Pietzke was with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for more than 12 years, most recently as a senior manager. He is highly regarded at these public accounting firms for his technical expertise and was focused on specific complex areas such as revenue recognition, financial instruments, derivatives, stock-based compensation and public offerings. Mr. Pietzke is a licensed Certified Public Accountant, a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and holds a Bachelor of Business Science degree in Accounting with honors from the University of Sciences in Offenburg, Germany. 





Recent News 

				Noden Pharma Notified of ANDA Filing for Tekturna®
June 5, 2017



 

				PDL BioPharma to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Healthcare Conference
June 1, 2017



 

				LENSAR® And PDL BioPharma Complete Strategic Financial Restructuring Of LENSAR
May 11, 2017




  Our team is dedicated to proactively seeking additional transactions to bolster our portfolio of income-generating assets.
Current Alternative InvestmentsLearn More







 

Terms of Use
Sitemap
 © Copyright 2017 PDL BioPHARMA. All Rights Reserved.

 



























Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: PDL BioPharma Inc (PDLI.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PDLI.O on Nasdaq


				2.44USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$2.44


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

1,647,158




52-wk High

$3.77


52-wk Low

$1.93










	Pietzke, Steffen 





	Mr. Steffen Pietzke, CPA is Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President - Finance of the Company. He joined the Company in June 2015 as the Company’s Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Since joining the Company, Mr. Pietzke was promoted to Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer in March 2017. Prior to PDL, Mr. Pietzke was a Senior Manager with Ernst & Young LLP (EY) since 2013. He provided audit and related financial services to both public and private companies in the U.S., Europe and China. Prior to joining EY, Mr. Pietzke was with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for more than 12 years, most recently as a senior manager. He is highly regarded at these public accounting firms for his technical expertise where he focused on specific complex areas such as revenue recognition, financial instruments, derivatives, stock-based compensation and public offerings. Mr. Pietzke is a licensed Certified Public Accountant, a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and holds a Bachelor of Business Science degree in Accounting with honors from the University of Sciences in Offenburg, Germany.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, USD
267,800


Restricted Stock Awards, USD
100,254


Long-Term Incentive Plans, USD
--


All Other, USD
259,652


Fiscal Year Total, USD
627,706








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							John McLaughlin

4,148,160




							Peter Garcia

1,542,260




							Steffen Pietzke

627,706




							Christopher Stone

1,550,210




							Danny Hart

1,382,330




							Harold Selick

392,500



As Of 
30 Dec 2016

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research




















