


Insider Trading - Pinczuk Ana G. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Pinczuk Ana G.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-23Option Award
2016-11-2812:05 pm
N/AN/A
Delphi Automotive Plc
DLPH
Pinczuk Ana G.Director
5
$0
5(Direct)
View


2016-11-08Option Award
2016-11-0911:08 am
N/AN/A
Delphi Automotive Plc
DLPH
Pinczuk Ana G.Director
1,070
$0
1,070(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 04:49:57 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








    Ana Pinczuk | Cisco Systems Inc | ZoomInfo.com


DLPH Ana G. Pinczuk Insider Trades for Delphi Automotive PLC


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Delphi Automotive PLC

                  NYSE: DLPH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Delphi Automotive PLC



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:14 p.m.


DLPH

/quotes/zigman/7310093/composite


$
91.09




Change

+0.58
+0.64%

Volume
Volume 8,140
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/7310093/composite
Previous close

$
			90.67
		


$
				90.51
			
Change

-0.16
-0.18%





Day low
Day high
$89.69
$91.28










52 week low
52 week high

            $60.50
        

            $93.43
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ana G. Pinczuk



Mr. Ana Pinczuk is an Advisor at Equip Ventures LLC and Chief Product Officer & Executive Vice President at Veritas Technologies LLC. 
He is on the Board of Directors at Delphi Automotive Plc. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Cornell University, a graduate degree from Carnegie Mellon University and a graduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/27/2017
1,989


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/26/2017
103


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $79.25 per share.


8,163


04/26/2017
9


 



0


11/08/2016
1,070


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Kevin P. Clark 
President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director




Mr. Joseph R. Massaro 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Glen W. De Vos 
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Matthew  Peterson 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. David  Paja 
Senior VP, President-Electronics & Safety




Mr. David M. Sherbin 
Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer & Senior VP




Mr. James A. Spencer 
Executive Vice President-Operations




Mr. Liam  Butterworth 
Senior VP & President-Powertrain Systems




Mr. Sidney  Johnson 
Senior Vice President-Global Supply Management




Mr. William  Guggina 
Vice President-Global Operations




Mr. Majdi B. Abulaban 
Senior VP & President-Asia Pacific Region




Mr. Kevin  Quinlan 
General Manager-Gas Engine Management Systems




Mr. Keith D. Stipp 
President-Product & Service Solutions




Ms. Ana G. Pinczuk 
Director




Mr. J. Christopher Preuss 
Senior Vice President-Marketing & Communications




Mr. Allan J. Brazier 
Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President




Ms. Kristen  Kinley 
Director-Media Relations




Ms. Elena Dom Rosman 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Susan M. Suver 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Rajiv Lochan  Gupta 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Joseph S. Cantie 
Independent Director




Mr. Timothy M. Manganello 
Independent Director




Mr. Nicholas M. Donofrio 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary L. Cowger 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark P. Frissora 
Independent Director




Mr. Sean O. Mahoney 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence A. Zimmerman 
Independent Director




Dr. Bernd  Wiedemann 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas W. Sidlik 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:49 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
3:17aFrance's CAC 40 falls 1.1%, dropping further in early Friday trade 
3:07aBarclays falls 1.9% after earnings report 
3:04aBritish Airways parent IAG rises 3.3% after quarterly profit report  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Ana G. Pinczuk: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:49 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Veritas Technologies LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ana G. Pinczuk  Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer, Veritas Technologies LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Ms. Ana G. Pinczuk served as Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer of Veritas Technologies LLC since March 1, 2016. Ms. Pinczuk has more than 30 years of experience in high technology companies, including numerous senior leadership roles with Veritas, Cisco and AT&T. She spent 15 years leading product and services organizations at Cisco. She served as Senior Vice President of Global Enterprise Theater Services Sales at Cisco Systems, Inc. Ms. Pinczuk was ... responsible for building relationships with industry-leading Cisco customers and championing solutions designed to meet their business needs. She led the Services Transformation group responsible for Cisco Services strategy, P&L planning, portfolio and Chief Operating Officer functions. She led Cisco's Global Technical Center, a worldwide team of 3000 professionals who deliver technical services, define the service experience and Partner with Cisco Engineering to ensure product excellence. She served as a Senior Director of Operations for the Public Carrier IP Group at Cisco. She had an illustrious 15 year career at various divisions of AT&T Bell Laboratories and Lucent where she held numerous positions including IP Platform Planning Vice President, responsible for strategy, planning, definition and market roll-out of AT&T's IP Platform and IP Backbone and a Services Development Director, where she led the AT&T R&D organization responsible for transforming AT&T into a Tier 1 ISP with the second largest IP network in the United States. She joined Cisco in 2000. Ms. Pinczuk also has built several other research and development organizations, served as a Regional Director for South America for the Division that is now Lucent Technologies and was selected as number one Global Sales Professional, out of a 2000 person sales force, in her capacity as a Global Account Director for the JP Morgan account for AT&T Business Communications Services. Ms. Pinczuk has been a Director of Delphi Automotive PLC since November 01, 2016. She was nominated for the Catherine B. Cleary 1999 AT&T Woman of the Year. She is considered an exceptional leader with demonstrated expertise in creating, rethinking and redesigning global business organizations, processes and systems to achieve dramatic improvements in performance. She also serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at Equip Ventures. She is a Member of the Society of Hispanic Professionals and Engineers and the Society of Women Engineers. She is a Member of the International Women's Forum, Anita Borg Institute, Cornell Computer and Information Sciences Advisory Board, Carnegie Mellon Engineering Advisory Board, Consortium for Service Innovation and International Society of Service Innovation Professionals (ISSIP). She is a Member of the Cornell University Computer and Information Sciences advisory board. She is also the recipient of numerous awards including the 2013 Latina Style Executive of the Year. She has also been named as the 2016 Woman of Influence by the Silicon Valley Business Journal. Ms. Pinczuk holds a Bachelor of science and Master of engineering degree in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering from Cornell University, a Master of technology management degree from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School and a Master of science degree in software management from Carnegie Mellon University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
500 East Middlefield RoadMountain View, California 94043United StatesPhone: 866-837-4827Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2016-PresentDirectorDelphi Automotive PLC
Education
MS Cornell UniversityBS Cornell UniversityMS Carnegie Mellon UniversityMaster's Degree University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Cisco Systems, Inc.Cornell UniversityEquip VenturesCarnegie Mellon UniversityUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolDelphi Automotive PLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Veritas Technologies LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Ana G Pinczuk, 54  - Saratoga, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family















View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Ana Pinczuk
 Saratoga, CA
 Age: 54 -
								04/21/1963








AKA:
                                                Ana G Vazir-nejad, Ana G Pinczuk, Ana Gabriels Pinczuk, Anna G Pinczuk, Ana Gabriela Pinczuk














Senior Vice President
at
Cisco systems









                                    Single






Has Kids






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Ana










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(408) 872-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











13*** **** Way


Saratoga, CA 95070







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Saratoga
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Holmdel
, NJ.
         is related to
                Guillermo Pinczuk.
        















About & Contact Information


Ana's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Saratoga
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Monte Sereno
, CA.
         is related to
                Guillermo Pinczuk.
        
Interests
career opportunities
job inquiries
expertise requests
business deals
reference requests
getting back in touch






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
13*** **** Way
Saratoga, CA
View Address


Past Address
10*** **** Rd




Holmdel
, NJ
View Address


Past Address
32*** **** Ter




Matawan
, NJ
View Address


Past Address
17*** **** Ave




Monte Sereno
, CA
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(408) 872-****





    Ana may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Ana's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History








                                Senior Vice President at
                                

                                 Cisco systems 





                                Vice President at
                                

                                 At & t 







                                 Alcatel-lucent 





                                Vice President at
                                

                                 Cisco systems 





                        View Details
                     





School History




    Ana may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Ana may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Ana may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Ana may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Ana's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Ana may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Ana may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Ana's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Ana Pinczuk's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Ana










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Ana may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Ana. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Ana may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Ana may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Ana may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Ana may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 GP

Guillermo Pinczuk

                                            Baltimore, MD



 AP

Aron Pinczuk

                                            Westfield, NJ




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Ana may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Ana build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Ana Pinczuk
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Ana's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Ana have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Ana
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Ana

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Ana

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Ana?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Ana Pinczuk?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Ana 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Ana .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Ana Pinczuk
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Ana Pinczuk's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Ana's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Ana Pinczuk











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Ana



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Ana Pinczuk











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 02:49:58 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 

















Pinczuk Ana G. - Delphi Automotive Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsPinczuk Ana G.Delphi Automotive (DLPH)Director Not RankedPinczuk Ana G.'s PerformancePinczuk Ana G. has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Pinczuk Ana G.'s Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateDLPHDelphi AutomotiveDirector-Uninformative Sell$8,162.75Apr 28, 2017Pinczuk Ana G. has not reported any informative transactions for DLPH, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Apr 28, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 1,989 $80.134 N/A  Apr 28, 2017 Uninformative Sell $8K 103 $80.134 N/A  Nov 09, 2016 Uninformative Buy $0 1,070 $65.979 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by




























Ana Pinczuk | Symantec Connect
 




























 










Symantec Connect 

Entire Site
Users



Search Tips 











Home

Community:All Communities  

Overview









Login or Register to participate    


Русский 

English


 

简体中文


 

Français


 

Deutsch


 

日本語


 

Español


 

Help 






Video Screencast Help








View
Track







Ana Pinczuk





Profile



Member Profile

Ana Pinczuk 



Status:
 - 






Job Title: SVP/GM, IM Back up and Recovery
Biography: Ana Pinczuk leads the Veritas Backup and Recovery business where she is responsible for driving market-leading backup and recovery solutions that allow customers to solve their challenges of access, agility, and risk, and harness the power of their information.
Prior to joining Symantec, Ana led the Global Enterprise Theater (GET) Services Sales group at Cisco Systems, where she was responsible for global services sales to Cisco’s top enterprise accounts.   During her Cisco Systems tenure, Ana held various roles such as Services COO and Transformation leader and transforming Cisco’s Global Technical Center, a worldwide team of 3000 professionals who deliver technical services, define the service experience, and partner with Cisco Engineering to ensure product excellence.   Ana also spent 9 years in the Cisco Development Organization driving Engineering groups including Cisco’s high end routing platform and IOS software development.
Ana started her career at AT&T Bell Laboratories as a systems engineer and held numerous roles there, including Vice President responsible for deploying AT&T’s Internet backbone. 
Ana is a member of the International Women’s Forum, Anita Borg Institute, Cornell Computer and Information Sciences Advisory Board, and Carnegie Mellon Engineering Advisory Board.  She is also the recipient of numerous awards including the 2014 Corporate Index (Top 25 Hispanics), 2013 Latina Style Executive of the Year, and 2013 TWIN Award.
Ana holds a bachelor of science and master of engineering degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University, a master of technology management degree from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School, and a master of science degree in software management from Carnegie Mellon University.
Ana lives with her husband and two boys in the San Francisco bay area.



Member for: 2 years 20 weeks






Contribution Stats

0
        Solutions      

0
        Forum Threads      

0
        Comments      

0
        Blog Entries      

0
        Ideas      

0
        Articles      

0
        Videos      

0
        Downloads      

0
        Events      

0
        Groups Joined      


Ana Pinczuk's Activity

Show:

All Activity Types
Forums
Articles
Blogs
Downloads
Events
Video
Ideas






  No Data Found











 
















 




 


Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH.K)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAuto, Truck & Motorcycle Parts












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				DLPH.K on New York Consolidated


				90.51USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$90.51


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

1,940,719




52-wk High

$93.43


52-wk Low

$60.50










	Pinczuk, Ana 





	Ms. Ana G. Pinczuk serves as Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Pinczuk previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer of Veritas Technologies LLC, a data management provider specializing in information protection, availability, and insight solutions, a position she held from March 2016 until October 2016. Prior to that time, she served as the Senior Vice President and General Manager, Backup and Recovery for Symantec Corporation from 2015 until 2016. From 2000 until 2015, Ms. Pinczuk served in varied executive positions with Cisco Systems, Inc., including serving as Senior Vice President, Sales from 2014 to 2015, Senior Vice President, Services Transformation and Chief Operating Officer from 2013 to 2014, and Vice President, Global Technical Services from 2009 until 2013. Prior to joining Cisco, Ms. Pinczuk spent 15 years with AT&T, Inc., in positions of increasing responsibility. Ms. Pinczuk earned both undergraduate and graduate mechanical engineering degrees from Cornell University, an executive master degree in technology management from the University of Pennsylvania and a master of software management degree from Carnegie Mellon University.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, USD
16,667


Restricted Stock Awards, USD
--


Long-Term Incentive Plans, USD
--


All Other, USD
--


Fiscal Year Total, USD
16,667








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Rajiv Gupta

525,072




							Kevin Clark

10,366,800




							Joseph Massaro

2,319,310




							Susan Suver

--




							Glen De Vos

--




							David Sherbin

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAuto, Truck & Motorcycle Parts




















