










 



  PER0744 Quote - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund /AU - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund /AU   PER0744:AU          0.9377AUD   0.0020   0.21%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Unit Trust    52Wk Range   0.9188 - 0.9935    1 Yr Return   6.97%    YTD Return   3.04%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   0.9397    52Wk Range   0.9188 - 0.9935    1 Yr Return   7.23%    YTD Return   3.04%    Fund Type   Unit Trust    Objective   Global Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   0.9377    Total Assets (m AUD) (on 07/29/2016)   933.500    Inception Date   07/29/2014    Last Dividend (on 06/30/2017)   0.041174    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   8.78%    Fund Managers   MAGALI AZEMA-BARAC / PETER HU    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.00%    Expense Ratio   0.00%                     Profile   PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund is a unit trust incorporated in Australia. The Fund's objective is to deliver an investment return of CPI +5% per annum before fees over rolling 5 year periods. The Fund invests in equities and equity-related instruments, fixed-income and other debt-related instruments, cash and cash equivalents, options, warrants, etc.    Address  PineBridge Investments LLC399 Park Ave4th FloorrNew York, NY 10020   Phone  -   Website   -              

Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:50 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched by PineBridge Investments Ireland Limited. It is co managed by PineBridge Investments Europe Limited and PineBridge Investments LLC. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe with a focus on North America, Europe, Asia, Australasia and Japan. It also invests in investment grade, sovereign, supranational, and corporate bonds issues of fixed and floating rates. The fund typically employs a combination of quantitative and qualitative analysis focusing on factors like superior sustainable earnings performance, valuation levels, and excepti...
Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched by PineBridge Investments Ireland Limited. It is co managed by PineBridge Investments Europe Limited and PineBridge Investments LLC. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe with a focus on North America, Europe, Asia, Australasia and Japan. It also invests in investment grade, sovereign, supranational, and corporate bonds issues of fixed and floating rates. The fund typically employs a combination of quantitative and qualitative analysis focusing on factors like superior sustainable earnings performance, valuation levels, and exceptional growth prospects to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index comprising of 40% Citigroup WorldBIG Non MBS Index and 60% MSCI World DTR Net Index. The fund was formerly known as Pinebridge Global Funds - Pinebridge Global Balanced Fund. Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund was formed on November 6, 1991 and is domiciled in Ireland.
Detailed Description


Plantation Place South60 Great Tower StreetLondon,  EC3A 8AAUnited KingdomFounded in 1991



Phone: 44 (0)20 7398 6000








Key Executives for Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund




Mr. Michael J. Kelly CFA


      	MD, Global Head of Client Asset Allocation & Structured Equities, & Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Robin C. Thorn


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 46
        







Mr. Anthony Russell Adam King


      	Co-Portfolio Manager, MD, Investment Grade Fixed Income Client Portfolios Management Group
      








Mr. Graeme Alan Bencke


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 46
        







Ms. Kate E. Faraday


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pinebridge Global Funds - PineBridge Global Dynamic Asset Allocation Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









