




















 



 Generational Equity Announces Sale of Fogco Systems to Pinewell Capital 
         










    










 













 











 



















Generational Equity Announces Sale of Fogco Systems to Pinewell Capital
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Generational Equity  
May 03, 2017, 03:01 ET









 Share this article




























































DALLAS, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Generational Equity, a leading mergers and acquisitions advisor for privately held businesses, is pleased to announce the sale of its client, Fogco Systems Inc., to Pinewell Capital LLC. The acquisition closed March 13, 2017. Details were not disclosed.
Fogco Systems, located in Chandler, Arizona, manufactures high-pressure misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. The company offers a range of products from entry-level mist systems to custom solutions for outdoor cooling, humidification and dust control.








Fogco Systems also has a patented FogDeck® system that transforms water features into mystical experiences with the addition of fog while providing residual cooling, making the climate more comfortable for guests.
"We are eager to leverage our 29 years of industry experience combined with the committed resources and support of Pinewell Capital," said Gary Wintering, President and CEO of Fogco Systems. "Pinewell's extensive business knowledge and experience will help to further bolster our already fast-growing capabilities and to maintain our company's primary objective of being the best company in our space. We are all excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to focus on providing our customers with world-class products, service, innovation and support."
Pinewell Capital, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to partner with experienced business owners in management buyouts, management transitions and companies pursuing funding to grow. Pinewell is geographically agnostic but has a strong presence in the Southwest and West Coast regions.
"At Pinewell, we seek to partner with and support companies that lead in their respected fields and share our core values stressing people, integrity and continual improvement," said Yuta Matsui, Partner at Pinewell Capital. "In Fogco, we found a promising company with a great team; from its president, Gary Wintering, to all its managers and employees."
Generational Equity Managing Director Stephen Crisham's team, headed by trusted affiliate Jerry Glover with support from Generational Equity Vice President Lori Galloway, successfully closed the deal. 
"It was truly a team effort," Glover said. "Fogco and Pinewell Capital worked aggressively and extensively to form a partnership around a shared vision for the future of both firms."
"Fogco has been growing rapidly, and together with a shared vision and resources, we strongly believe we can accelerate this growth and enhance our capabilities to deliver solutions to our customers' evolving needs," added Ziv Bendor, Partner at Pinewell Capital.
About Generational Equity
Generational Equity, part of the Generational Group headquartered in Dallas with over 200 professionals located throughout North America, helps business owners release the wealth of their business by providing merger, acquisition and strategic growth advisory services. Their four-step approach features exit planning education, business valuation, value enhancement strategies, and M&A transactional services. The M&A Advisor recently named the company its 2016 Investment Banking Firm of the Year. For more, visit http://www.genequityco.com and http://www.gecpress.com.
For more information:Carl Doerksen972-232-1125cdoerksen@generational.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/generational-equity-announces-sale-of-fogco-systems-to-pinewell-capital-300447724.html
SOURCE Generational Equity
 Related Links

http://www.genequityco.com



 












May 04, 2017, 03:01 ET
Preview: Generational Equity Announces Sale of Summit International Trade Services to Near North Customs Brokers













Mar 28, 2017, 12:01 ET
Preview: Generational Equity Announces Sale of KC Computers to Computers Nationwide






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 26, 2017, 11:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Generational Equity Ranked as a Leading M&A Firm in 1st Half of...








 

Jul 26, 2017, 03:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Generational Equity Announces the Sale of Instrument Technology...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Household Products
  Household, Consumer & Cosmetics
  Banking & Financial Services
  HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning)
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Generational Equity Announces Sale of Fogco Systems to Pinewell Capital


 News provided by
Generational Equity  
May 03, 2017, 03:01 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 







Pinewell Fogco,LP - Investing- Bendor  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Pinewell Fogco,LP

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7975 E. Mcclain Drive, Suite 201  
    Scottsdale, AZ, 85260Phone: 714-267-9010 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-21


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Ziv Bendor 
 Executive 


 Yuta Matsui 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Pinewell Capital Acquires Fogco Systems























































Choose your location
Select your location to find out about our M&A service in your area





U.S.







Canada







UK







Europe








 



							Completed Transactions
						







Completed Transactions > Manufacturing > Pinewell Capital Acquires Fogco Systems
							



Industries

Construction and Engineering
Technology
Transportation
Healthcare
Wholesale and Distribution
International
Manufacturing
Retail
Consumer Services
Business Services





Pinewell Capital Acquires Fogco Systems









Date


Mar 2017




Region


Arizona






Private equity firm Pinewell Capital LLC acquired Generational Equity client Fogco Systems Inc. on March 13, 2017. Details were not disclosed.
Fogco Systems, located in Chandler, Arizona, manufactures high-pressure misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. The company offers a range of products from entry-level mist systems to custom solutions for outdoor cooling, humidification and dust control.
“We are eager to leverage our 29 years of industry experience combined with the committed resources and support of Pinewell Capital,” said Gary Wintering, President and CEO of Fogco Systems. “Pinewell’s extensive business knowledge and experience will help to further bolster our already fast-growing capabilities and to maintain our company’s primary objective of being the best company in our space. We are all excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to focus on providing our customers with world-class products, service, innovation and support.”
Pinewell Capital, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to partner with experienced business owners in management buyouts, management transitions and companies pursuing funding to grow. Pinewell is geographically agnostic but has a strong presence in the Southwest and West Coast regions.
“In Fogco, we found a promising company with a great team; from its president, Gary Wintering, to all its managers and employees,” said Yuta Matsui, Partner at Pinewell Capital.
Generational Equity Managing Director Stephen Crisham’s team, headed by trusted affiliate Jerry Glover with support from Generational Equity Vice President Lori Galloway, successfully closed the deal.
“It was truly a team effort,” Glover said. “Fogco and Pinewell Capital worked aggressively and extensively to form a partnership around a shared vision for the future of both firms.”
“Fogco has been growing rapidly, and together with a shared vision and resources, we strongly believe we can accelerate this growth and enhance our capabilities to deliver solutions to our customers’ evolving needs,” added Ziv Bendor, Partner at Pinewell Capital.

VIEW PR NEWSWIRE REPORT




Share






Generational can help business owners, buyers and investors to make the most of M&A opportunities during 2017. Find an Executive Conference near you or get in contact with our expert advisors today.









Instant Contact





Instant Contact
We take our clients seriously









If you need immediate assistance with anything, whether you're a current client or a prospective one, you can speak to a senior member of our team right now by calling our number.

+1-972-232-1121

Media Inquiries




Alternatively, leave us a message and a member of our team will respond to you as quickly as possible.
Contact us




Type of Inquiry
Type of Inquiry*General InquiryNew BusinessClient ExperienceExecutive ConferencesMedia Inquiry







Name








Email








Phone










Message













I would like to keep up to date with the latest news & insights




Send







Thank you for your message.
A senior member of our team will be in contact shortly. If you need immediate assistance, please contact us on:

+1-972-232-1121






















Speak direct with one of our senior advisors
at +1-972-232-1121


Find a conference near you
















Reserve your seat today











Subscribe to email updates











Name










Email











							Sign up to receive regular email updates on recent deal information, industry-leading insights and complimentary M&A executive conferences in your area.

							



Subscribe



Success, you have been added to our list.












Generational Equity Announces Sale of Fogco Systems to Pinewell Capital - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















press release


					May 3, 2017, 3:01 a.m. EDT
				
Generational Equity Announces Sale of Fogco Systems to Pinewell Capital
























DALLAS, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --         Generational Equity
, a leading mergers and acquisitions advisor for privately held businesses, is pleased to announce the sale of its client, Fogco Systems Inc., to Pinewell Capital LLC        
.        
 The acquisition closed March 13, 2017. Details were not disclosed.


                                        

Fogco Systems
, located in Chandler, Arizona, manufactures high-pressure misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. The company offers a range of products from entry-level mist systems to custom solutions for outdoor cooling, humidification and dust control.


                                        








Fogco Systems also has a patented FogDeck® system that transforms water features into mystical experiences with the addition of fog while providing residual cooling, making the climate more comfortable for guests.


                                        








"We are eager to leverage our 29 years of industry experience combined with the committed resources and support of Pinewell Capital," said Gary Wintering, President and CEO of Fogco Systems. "Pinewell's extensive business knowledge and experience will help to further bolster our already fast-growing capabilities and to maintain our company's primary objective of being the best company in our space. We are all excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to focus on providing our customers with world-class products, service, innovation and support."


                                        

Pinewell Capital
, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to partner with experienced business owners in management buyouts, management transitions and companies pursuing funding to grow. Pinewell is geographically agnostic but has a strong presence in the Southwest and West Coast regions.


                                        








"At Pinewell, we seek to partner with and support companies that lead in their respected fields and share our core values stressing people, integrity and continual improvement," said Yuta Matsui, Partner at Pinewell Capital. "In Fogco, we found a promising company with a great team; from its president, Gary Wintering, to all its managers and employees."


                                        








Generational Equity Managing Director Stephen Crisham's team, headed by trusted affiliate Jerry Glover with support from Generational Equity Vice President Lori Galloway, successfully closed the deal.


                                        








"It was truly a team effort," Glover said. "Fogco and Pinewell Capital worked aggressively and extensively to form a partnership around a shared vision for the future of both firms."


                                        








"Fogco has been growing rapidly, and together with a shared vision and resources, we strongly believe we can accelerate this growth and enhance our capabilities to deliver solutions to our customers' evolving needs," added Ziv Bendor, Partner at Pinewell Capital.


                                        

About Generational Equity









Generational Equity, part of the         Generational Group
 headquartered in Dallas with over 200 professionals located throughout North America, helps business owners release the wealth of their business by providing merger, acquisition and strategic growth advisory services. Their four-step approach features exit planning education, business valuation, value enhancement strategies, and M&A transactional services. The M&A Advisor recently named the company its 2016 Investment Banking Firm of the Year. For more, visit         http://www.genequityco.com
 and         http://www.gecpress.com
.


                                        

For more information:
Carl Doerksen        
972-232-1125        
cdoerksen@generational.com









 


                                        








To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/generational-equity-announces-sale-of-fogco-systems-to-pinewell-capital-300447724.html









SOURCE  Generational Equity


                                        








Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    








































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




5:52 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
3:17aFrance's CAC 40 falls 1.1%, dropping further in early Friday trade 
3:07aBarclays falls 1.9% after earnings report 
3:04aBritish Airways parent IAG rises 3.3% after quarterly profit report  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Pinewell Fogco,LP $1,750,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Pinewell Fogco,LP $1,750,000 Financing
Pinewell Fogco,LP just submitted form D announcing $1,750,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. Pinewell Fogco,LP was able to sell $0. That is 0% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $1,750,000. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $20,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-21. Pinewell Fogco,LP is based in  7975 E. MCCLAIN DRIVE, SUITE 201  SCOTTSDALE 85260. The firm's business is Investing. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Ziv Bendor.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001688164




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Pinewell Fogco,LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Pinewell Fogco,LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

7975 E. MCCLAIN DRIVE, SUITE 201

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


SCOTTSDALE
ARIZONA
85260
714-267-9010


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Bendor
Ziv


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

7975 E. McClain Drive, Suite 201

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Scottsdale
ARIZONA
85260



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of General Partner of Issuer


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Matsui
Yuta


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

7975 E. McClain Drive, Suite 201

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Scottsdale
ARIZONA
85260



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of General Partner of Issuer
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


X
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$20,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$1,750,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$1,750,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$87,500

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Initial management feeSignature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Pinewell Fogco,LP
/s/ Ziv Bendor
Ziv Bendor
Manager of General Partner of Issuer
2016-10-21


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Pinewell Fogco,LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-21New Form D$1,750,000Yet To Sell$1,750,000$20,000006b[view]
Pinewell Fogco,LP List of ExecutivesYuta Matsui, Ziv Bendor











Last visited: Favonius Cat Bond Fund Ltd., Managed Futures Strategic Alternatives, L.P., TRADELINK INTEGRATED PROGRAM LP, HealthCor Long Offshore Fund, Ltd., MID HOLDINGS, LLC

								© 
							




















Pinewell Capital buys Fogco Systems - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Pinewell Capital buys Fogco Systems


May 3, 2017
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Pinewell Capital buys Fogco Systems
Pinewell Capital has acquired Chandler, Arizona-based Fogco Systems Inc, a maker of misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. No financial terms were disclosed. Generational Equity advised Fogco on the transaction.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Pinewell Capital has acquired Chandler, Arizona-based Fogco Systems Inc, a maker of misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. No financial terms were disclosed. Generational Equity advised Fogco on the transaction.
PRESS RELEASE
DALLAS, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Generational Equity, a leading mergers and acquisitions advisor for privately held businesses, is pleased to announce the sale of its client, Fogco Systems Inc., to Pinewell Capital LLC. The acquisition closed March 13, 2017. Details were not disclosed.
Fogco Systems, located in Chandler, Arizona, manufactures high-pressure misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. The company offers a range of products from entry-level mist systems to custom solutions for outdoor cooling, humidification and dust control.
Fogco Systems also has a patented FogDeck® system that transforms water features into mystical experiences with the addition of fog while providing residual cooling, making the climate more comfortable for guests.
“We are eager to leverage our 29 years of industry experience combined with the committed resources and support of Pinewell Capital,” said Gary Wintering, President and CEO of Fogco Systems. “Pinewell’s extensive business knowledge and experience will help to further bolster our already fast-growing capabilities and to maintain our company’s primary objective of being the best company in our space. We are all excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to focus on providing our customers with world-class products, service, innovation and support.” 





Pinewell Capital, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to partner with experienced business owners in management buyouts, management transitions and companies pursuing funding to grow. Pinewell is geographically agnostic but has a strong presence in the Southwest and West Coast regions.
“At Pinewell, we seek to partner with and support companies that lead in their respected fields and share our core values stressing people, integrity and continual improvement,” said Yuta Matsui, Partner at Pinewell Capital. “In Fogco, we found a promising company with a great team; from its president, Gary Wintering, to all its managers and employees.”
Generational Equity Managing Director Stephen Crisham’s team, headed by trusted affiliate Jerry Glover with support from Generational Equity Vice President Lori Galloway, successfully closed the deal.
“It was truly a team effort,” Glover said. “Fogco and Pinewell Capital worked aggressively and extensively to form a partnership around a shared vision for the future of both firms.”
“Fogco has been growing rapidly, and together with a shared vision and resources, we strongly believe we can accelerate this growth and enhance our capabilities to deliver solutions to our customers’ evolving needs,” added Ziv Bendor, Partner at Pinewell Capital.
About Generational Equity
Generational Equity, part of the Generational Group headquartered in Dallas with over 200 professionals located throughout North America, helps business owners release the wealth of their business by providing merger, acquisition and strategic growth advisory services. Their four-step approach features exit planning education, business valuation, value enhancement strategies, and M&A transactional services. The M&A Advisor recently named the company its 2016 Investment Banking Firm of the Year. For more, visit http://www.genequityco.com and http://www.gecpress.com. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Pinewell Capital buys Fogco Systems
Pinewell Capital has acquired Chandler, Arizona-based Fogco Systems Inc, a maker of misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. No financial terms were disclosed. Generational Equity advised Fogco on the transaction.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 





































misting systems Archives - Private Equity Professional














































































Member Login






×
Member Login





Close












×
Search in Site




To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter





Close





























									A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.								

									George S. Patton								












 









Pinewell Buys Fogco Systems



May 4, 2017  					
 All Transactions, New Platform, Transactions  

Pinewell Capital has acquired Fogco Systems, a manufacturer of high pressure mist and fog systems. Fogco Systems is one of the original pioneers of high pressure fog systems and has developed numerous proprietary products for the industry.  The company’s products are sold to the industrial, commercial, and residential markets and include a range of products from […]











 








Pinewell Capital buys Fogco Systems – Finance




























































Skip to content



 



Finance
part of the s.erious.ly real-time news network

















Posted on 2017/05/03 by Iris DorbianPinewell Capital buys Fogco Systems 

Pinewell Capital has acquired Chandler, Arizona-based Fogco Systems Inc, a maker of misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. No financial terms were disclosed. Generational Equity advised Fogco on the transaction.

PRESS RELEASE

DALLAS, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Generational Equity, a leading mergers and acquisitions advisor for privately held businesses, is pleased to announce the sale of its client, Fogco Systems Inc., to Pinewell Capital LLC. The acquisition closed March 13, 2017. Details were not disclosed.

Fogco Systems, located in Chandler, Arizona, manufactures high-pressure misting systems for industrial, commercial and residential use. The company offers a range of products from entry-level mist systems to custom solutions for outdoor cooling, humidification and dust control.

Fogco Systems also has a patented FogDeck® system that transforms water features into mystical experiences with the addition of fog while providing residual cooling, making the climate more comfortable for guests.

“We are










 to leverage our 29 years of industry experience combined with the committed resources and support of Pinewell Capital,” said Gary Wintering, President and CEO of Fogco Systems. “Pinewell’s extensive business knowledge and experience will help to further bolster our already fast-growing capabilities and to maintain our company’s primary objective of being the best company in our space. We are all excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to focus on providing our customers with world-class products, service, innovation and support.”

Pinewell Capital, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to partner with experienced business owners in management buyouts, management transitions and companies pursuing funding to grow. Pinewell is geographically agnostic but has a strong presence in the Southwest and West Coast regions.

“At Pinewell, we seek to partner with and support companies that lead in their respected fields and share our core values stressing people, integrity and continual improvement,” said Yuta Matsui, Partner at Pinewell Capital. “In Fogco, we found a promising company with a great team; from its president, Gary Wintering, to all its managers and employees.”

Generational Equity Managing Director Stephen Crisham’s team, headed by trusted affiliate Jerry Glover with support from Generational Equity Vice President Lori Galloway, successfully closed the deal.

“It was truly a team effort,” Glover said. “Fogco and Pinewell Capital worked aggressively and extensively to form a partnership around a shared vision for the future of both firms.”

“Fogco has been growing rapidly, and together with a shared vision and resources, we strongly believe we can accelerate this growth and enhance our capabilities to deliver solutions to our customers’ evolving needs,” added Ziv Bendor, Partner at Pinewell Capital.

About Generational Equity
Generational Equity, part of the Generational Group headquartered in Dallas with over 200 professionals located throughout North America, helps business owners release the wealth of their business by providing merger, acquisition and strategic growth advisory services. Their four-step approach features exit planning education, business valuation, value enhancement strategies, and M&A transactional services. The M&A Advisor recently named the company its 2016 Investment Banking Firm of the Year. For more, visit http://www.genequityco.com and http://www.gecpress.com.





       

 
 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply













 SeriouslyFinance is curated by Keith Teare. The top Finance blogs are monitored. It is intended as a convenience for those who want to monitor the ever-changing ecosystem - both in terms of the people, the events and the ideas underlying them.

For more information see http://s.erious.ly or chat with me live through chat.center at chat.center/kteare.
Sponsor 



Search for:


  Search

Follow seriouslyfinace on Twitter! 

 RSS - Posts
Publishers 
123 Jump

Abnormal Returns

Across the Curve

Alea

Barrons

Bespoke Investment Group

Blogging Stocks

Brad Setser: Follow the Money

Brett Steenbarger – TraderFeed

Bronte Capital

Credit Writedowns

CXO Advisory Blog

Daily Options Report

Data Explorers Research and News

Deus Ex Macchiato

Economist's View

Financial Armageddon

Financial Times

FinTag

footnoted.org

Huffington Post

Intelligent Mergers

Interactive Investor

Jeff Matthews Is Not Making This Up

Money Metals Exchange

MoneyRates.com

naked capitalism

Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed

PE Hub

Publishers

Random Roger

Seeking Alpha – Transcripts

StockCharts.com – Blogs

Sudden Debt

The Aleph Blog

The Big Picture

The Epicurean Dealmaker

The Oil Drum

The price of everything

Trader Mike

VIX and More

Wall Street Journal


Popular SearchesAll
Banking industry
Buyout Deals
Buyout Deals Channel
capital markets
China
chips
Deals
earnings
Earnings Call Transcript
Economics
Economy
Employment
Fed
Federal Reserve
Financial Press
Firms & Funds
Free
General
Global
Guest Post
Homepage-News
inthenews
IPOs
Links
MA
Markets
Mergers and Acquisitions
Mobile
News
News Briefs
PAID
PE Deals
People
Politics
Private Equity
SA Transcripts
Tech
Think Tank
Uncategorized
vc
VC Deals
VC Deals Channel
Venture Capital
Video
  
Sponsored Links 















Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


























%d bloggers like this:
























































































































































