










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Pine Grove Refashions Credit Strat. As Mutual Fund Of Hedge Funds | FINalternatives






























 




Friday, 28 July 2017
Last updated 6 hours ago










Send us News Tips!







 








HomepageAbout UsDirectoryEventsConferencesWebinarsCharity EventsJobsAdvertiseFuturesHard AssetsFINtech 



The Daily Alpha
Hedge Funds
Private Equity
Liquid Alts.
People Moves
Regulation
Halls of Justice
Institutional
Tech & Services
Indices
In Depth
Contributors
Lifestyle







Pine Grove Refashions Credit Strat. As Mutual Fund Of Hedge Funds
Jan 24 2014  |  12:01pm ET

Fund of hedge funds Pine Grove Asset Management has transformed its credit vehicle into a mutual-fund structure.
The Pine Grove Alternative Institutional Fund is a closed-end fund offering access to relative-value and event-driven managers, focused on credit.
"Continuing to invest in our underlying managers' flagship portfolios was extremely important to us when we constructed this vehicle," Pine Grove President Matthew Stadtmauer told HedgeWeek. "Since the new Alt Instl Fund acquired the assets of its predecessor fund, it will be one of the only '40 Act funds that benefits from a 16-year performance history."
"By focusing on credit strategies, we are offering investors exposure to managers who exploit market inefficiencies that most traditional long-only funds are not capturing," Pine Grove chief investment officer Tom Williams added. "Our portfolio construction is positioned to handle a potential rise in interest rates as the managers we allocate to usually display negative correlation to high-quality bonds."






 E-mail This

 Print This

 Order Reprints

 Twitter

 LinkedIn

 Facebook.







Related Links

Man Strikes Deal For Fund-of-Funds Pine GroveFamily Office Seeds Alternative Mutual Fund With $100MNeuberger Berman Unveils Long/Short Mutual Fund Of FundsPermal Launches Multi-Manager Mutual FundSkyBridge Boosts Paulson Investments







< Previous Article 

Next Article > 


 


More News
Partners Group Raises €6B For Direct Private Equity ProgramCerberus Takes 5% Stake in Germany's CommerzbankYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundLiquidityBook Names Ex-Twitter Exec Carroll To Chief Architect PostNeuberger Berman Raises $450M For CLO Risk Retention PoolPreqin: Investors In Asia Pacific Increase Hedge Fund AllocationsOCIO Specialist Hirtle Callaghan Taps Evans For Client EngagementThird Point Said To Gain 4.6% In Q2, Add Alibaba And BlackRock To PortfolioCommonWealth Opportunity Said To Close As Fisher Joins SorosHedge Fund Holdings of Puerto Rico COFINA Debt Revealed In Court FilingNuveen Appoints UBS's Van Etten As Multi-Asset CIODeutsche Asset Management Raises €1.8B For New European Infrastructure FundPictet Asset Management Taps Horn As Head Of Total Return EquitiesAIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of the Hedge Fund Industry 



In DepthAIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of the Hedge Fund IndustryJul 26 2017  |  5:55pm ETIt is a hedge fund industry truism that the largest managers receive the most attention...LifestyleCFA Institute To Add Computer Science To Exam CurriculumMay 24 2017  |  9:25pm ETStarting in 2019, financial industry executives sitting for the coveted Chartered...Guest ContributorRastegar: PE Real Estate Gains Momentum as Uncertainty RisesJul 21 2017  |  6:04pm ETThe steady march of equity markets and fundamental shift in the direction of Fed...  





FINalternatives Trending


 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

 Ex-Weiss, UBS Execs Prepping Launch of New Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund   

 Melkman's Light Sky Macro Said To Be Backed By Hedge Fund Giants   

more >>FINalternatives Most Popular


 The Future of Private Equity: New Opportunities, New Challenges   

 Former MSD Capital Analyst Convicted Of Insider Trading   

 Och-Ziff Capital Management Suffers $13B in Redemptions In Past 13 Months   

 Night Square Capital Partners Said To Close As Founders Join Citadel   

 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

more >>more >>



From the current issue of
  
 




 Beyond the tear sheet: War stories from the front lines of hedge fund due diligence 
 Investing in private partnership structures such as hedge funds, private equity and private real estate can be a fruitful and exciting endeavor, especially when venturing into asset classes that lack competition and efficiency. An important qualification to remember when beginning due diligence on a partnership is that no investment is perfect. Each one has its own risks, however esoteric or idiosyncratic, and risks change over time, as do the operations and other intricacies of investment management.   

 
 See more select articles from MODERN TRADER >>
View past issues of MODERN TRADER>>
Subscribe to the magazine >>
 

Hard Assets Trending


 Crude stocks may have snapped six-week build streak  

 Danger in bank accounts  

 Oil prices rise after report shows drop in U.S. stocks  

 Vanadium Batteries to power $27 billion off-grid energy market  

 Gold experiencing corrective setback  

more >>Futures Trending


 To scalp or swing trade? That is the question  

 Top 20 largest gold reserves by country (2014 Edition)  

 Understanding volatility term structure  

 10 rules of technical trading  

 5 advantages of commodity vs. equity options  

more >>



Upcoming Events

Total Alts 2017The 2nd Annual Evidence-Based Investing Conference



 












Subscribe



Follow



Magazine



 







FUTURES Magazine
Commodities
ETFs
Financials
Forex
Managed Funds
Market Analysis
News
Options
Regulation
Technology
Trading Strategies
Education
FUTURES Op-Ed

Futures


Favorites

Alpha Pages Editorial
FUTURES Magazine
Slideshows & Lists

Special Topics

Alpha Hunters
Bad Boys
High-Frequency Trading
Trader's Life
Trading Strategies





Trading Floor

Market Data
Hot Charts
Interactive Charts
LIVE S&P SQUAWK New!
Trading Calendar



FINalternatives


Hard Assets

Home
Base Metals
Precious Metals
Rare Earth Metals
Commodities
Mining Investments



The Alpha Pages


Alpha TV


All +


Follow Us +

FUTURES Magazine
Newsletters
Facebook
Google+
Linkedin
Twitter
RSS Feeds



About Us +

About
Advertise
Contact
Contribute
Privacy Policy






               ! 
            





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Pine Grove Alternative Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:50 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Pine Grove Alternative Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of September 30, 2016 Pine Grove Alternative Fund has gone out of business.


25 Deforest Ave2nd FloorSummit, NJ 07901United States



Phone: 908-273-6321








Key Executives for Pine Grove Alternative Fund


Pine Grove Alternative Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pine Grove Alternative Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Pine Grove launches Alternative Institutional Fund - Opalesque





































Fri, Jul 28, 2017
 A A
A




						Customize Page					




					Welcome Guest
				





Subscriber Login
RSS

 

Like us on




















Archives 
| 
Research 
| 
Funds 
| 
Events 





Search








Hot Topics » 
man group
Seed
Mark
PARDUS
more topics »








Connect with us



  About Us  History of OpalesqueKey TeamTestimonialsSubscribe/RenewSubmit News RSSOpalesque In The NewsMedia KitContact Us  Publications  Alternative Market BriefingRead Newsletters (Archive) Podcast CenterAboutSubscribe/RenewTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Opalesque ExclusivesThe Big PictureOpalesque Industry UpdatesOther Voices Newsletter HeadlinesSubscription RatesSubmit NewsWhy SubscribeSample Newsletters Free!Bonus MonthsMy SettingsFAQAlternative Market Briefing WeeklyAboutArchive Podcast CenterSubscribe  Free! Current Issue Free!Most ForwardedNew ManagersAboutNew Managers - Archive Subscribe/RenewSubscription RatesTrial Subscription Free!TestimonialsOpalesque RoundtablesAboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Roundtables  AboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Research  Technical ResearchAboutTRB Archive SubscribeTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Subscription RatesCurrent IssuePrivate Equity StrategiesAboutArchive Subscribe Free!Testimonials  Databases  Hedge Professionals DatabaseFamily Office DatabaseOpalesque TV  Students    Events  Event CalendarConference Firm Logon  Service  Subscribe/RenewReset PasswordMy AccountRemove EmailAddressHedge IndicesMedia KitFAQContact UsSubmit News Podcast Center RSS Feeds


















Alternative Market Briefing



 Pine Grove launches Alternative Institutional Fund








					Thursday, January 23, 2014
				 











 

Tweet

 



 

								       Print
 
       
																
															Track Keywords

 








Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Pine Grove Asset Management LLC (PGAM) has launched the Pine Grove Alternative Institutional Fund, the fund is its first closed-end '40 act fund. The new offering will provide accredited investors with streamlined access to relative value and event driven hedge fund strategies with a core focus on credit investing. The launch is a notable addition to the '40 act space as unlike many others, the fund offers quarterly liquidity and an undiluted strategy.

In bringing the new product to market, PGAM took deliberate steps to convert a private, unregistered fund into a registered '40 Act fund format.  The original, private fund was incepted in the 1990s and only available to qualified purchasers. "We are investing in the same underlying managers and the same flagship funds as we did for the private fund. Open-ended funds in this space, are most likely allocating to separate accounts to offer daily liquidity. Keeping our investments the same allows us to continue to provide the appropriate assets and liabilities match, and also accounts for our quarterly liquidity profile," says Matthew Stadtmauer, PGAM President, in an interview with Opalesque.

The new product will benefit from the 16-year history of the underlying managers and funds from the private fund.  The fund invests in hedge funds that employ a variety of investment strategies, including distressed credit investing, hedged credit, convertible arbitrage and long/short ......................To view our full article Click here










Article link




































Today's Exclusives



																												Opalesque Roundtable: Artificial Intelligence: The fight for talent [more]


																													Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The growth of artificial intelligence has pushed fund managers to utilize this technology  and explore new ways to use it to their advantage, said John Harrison, a partner and Group CFO/COO at Amplitude Capital, a sys
														




																												Opalesque Roundtable: Beta-adjusted performance emerges as a new metric for fees [more]


																													Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Fees have been a hot topic in recent years, as hedge fund managers have struggled to put up consistently high returns in a low volatility environment. 
														




																																											Neuberger Berman closes $450 million CLO risk pool [more]


																													Opalesque Industry Update - Neuberger Berman, a private, independent, employee-owned investment manager, today announced the final closing of its CLO risk retention vehicle, Neuberger Berman Loan Advisers, with approximately $450 million of committed capital.   

Through Neuberger Berman Loan Adv
														



Today's Other Voices



														Other Voices: Activist's investment in Nestle: Upcoming depreciation of major world currencies [more]

															By Alex Gavrish, Etalon Investment Research; author of Story Investing.



Alex Gavrish discusses the possible story behind an activist inves
														





More Exclusives


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: What to do with the growing power of investment consultants? [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: Educate consultants, especially on quant and systematic strategies, say industry insiders.
The growing power of investment consultants and their influence over allocations into the hedge fund sector means fund managers must work with these consultants to educate 								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Boothbay banks on nimble, niche emerging managers [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: One New York-based hedge fund is successfully riding the trend towards emerging manager managed accounts by focusing on those managers who take the road less tr								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Coleman Group to take over management of K1T quant fund [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: Coleman Group, a London-based quant alternative investment manager, has partnered with 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: Changing investor preferences: Outflows from bigger and inflows to smaller managers [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: This year saw a small outflow of funds from bigger managers and inflows into smaller hedge fund managers, said Duncan Crawford, head of Hedge Fund Sales team at Societe Generale during the latest 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Global Return Asset Management ends 1H up +7.04% [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: New York-based value hedge fund Global Return Asset Management has ended the first half of 2017 up +7.04 percent net, according to performance information obtained by Opalesque. The firm's flagship fund is up +59.87 percent since inception in 2013.

The r								
															


24. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Institutions and family offices shift to hedge funds and alternatives despite valuation concerns: hedge fund news, week 30 [more]

																														In the week ending 21 July, 2017, the global trend to shift into alternative assets is gathering pace more institutional investors are turning to private equit								
															


21. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Modern investor tools (6): Hedge fund investor trends seen through Hedge Connection platform [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: 

Modern Investor Tools is a series on technology providers that assist asset allocators.

Founded in 2005, 								
															


19. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: National foundation study shows improved 2016 investment returns [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Data from the recently released 2016 Council on Foundations-Commonfund Study of Investment of Endowments for Private and Community Foundations (CCSF) show that foundations returns have improved slightly. According to the report, private foundations reported an a								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Come to Bermuda's premier hedge fund event in October [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Just as the wind starts blowing auburn leaves along the streets of New York and London and people start revisiting their winter coats, some hedge funders might like to find solace in Bermuda, where they could have dinner on the beach and go on a mini-cruise. 								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Majority of hedge fund investors to "significantly or moderately" shift money to quant funds: hedge fund news, week 29 [more]

																														In the week ending 14 July, 2017, in FinTech, a report by Jefferies pointed to a chart from Google Trends as a visualisation how interest in "data science" 								
															


14. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Green Alpha Advisors goes long on the 'next economy' [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Garvin Jabusch co-founder and CIO of Denver-based Green Alpha Advisors bristles at being lumped in with other sustainability and ESG funds. When we met, he was in New York to speak at a sustainable investing conference about what he calls the "next economy" and 								
															


11. Jul. | 
																															
																														CTA survey results on investment methodology, fees and traded markets [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: London based J8 Capital Management conducted a global survey to fund out how CTAs work and generate returns. The survey was supported by Opalesque. 



 

The 2017 CTA survey by far and large confirmed the findings of the 2014 and 2015 CTA survey (total of 110 respons								
															


10. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: One third of surveyed hedge funds break even with $50m or less assets: hedge fund news, week 28 [more]

																														In the week ending 07 July, 2017, a study by AIMA  has found that most alternative investment management firms are able to turn a profit and expand with considerably less th								
															


07. Jul. | 
																															
																														Paper says 'abnormal' hedge funds trades based on prime broker information flow offer 4% superior performance [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: The popular press often accuses hedge funds of trading on information not available to other market participants. In this paper, the authors Nitish Kumar, Kevin Mullally, Sugata Ray and Yuehua Tangwe provide evidence that one source of that information is a fund's prime 								
															





																												Previous Opalesque	Exclusives                                  
																										





More Other Voices


22. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Are your pricing policies and procedures for less liquid instruments adequate? [more]

															Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The unrelated position mismarking incidents that quickly precipitated the closures of both Visium Asset Management and Marinus Capital have been recent focal points for market participants, but regulatory scrutiny of valuation choices for less liquid instruments is 								
															


21. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: What is the Capital Inflow From China A-share Index Inclusion? [more]

															By Qi Wang, CFA, CEO at MegaTrust Investment (HK):

As expected, MSCI today announced the inclusion of China A-shares in its Emerging Markets Index for the firs								
															


24. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: The insidious threat of data mining bias [more]

															Guest article from Kris Longmore, Founder and Head of Quantitative Research at Quantify:In the context of systematic trading research, data mining bias refers to the risk of attributing significance to a result that was in fact due to chance. I refer to it as an "insidious threat" becau								
															


17. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: How to Evaluate a Machine Learning Based Trading System? [more]

															Meta Alpha, LLC - Submitted to Opalesque as Guest Article - Confidential and Proprietary 1. Is it really machine learning, i.e. does it really learn? Many systems depend on traditional statistical techniques such as GARCH and other techniques but are not really machine learning. In othe								
															


12. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Aon Hewitt retirement and investment blog: Hedge fund indices as benchmarks [more]

															Executive Summary
Where clients are looking to benchmark hedge fund investments against a relevant market, or peer
average, we recommend that clients use HFRI Fund Weighted Indices as opposed to indices from other
providers or the newer Asset Weighted indices from HFRI.
In some situatio								
															


26. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: "Winner-take-all" dynamics and hedge fund investing [more]

															A growing stream of thinking in microeconomics is the concept of "winner-take-all" dynamics. The idea seems simple. A combination of networking economics and classic economies of scale creates situations where there are just a few dominant firms or economic agents who are able to capture significant								
															


04. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Hedge funds manage risk: Opposing view [more]

															By: Richard H. Baker

Even in times of pressure, research shows that investors particularly institutional investors such as pensions, foundations and endowments continue to use hedge funds as tools to help meet their unique financial and risk management needs.
 
This is especially true in the 								
															


08. Feb. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Institutionalisation has secured the future of hedge funds, but industry must further evolve [more]

															From Christen Thomson, Citigate Dewe Rogerson: Reading some of the mainstream financial press, you would be forgiven for thinking that the hedge fund business model is dead. One august news organisation headlined one particularly gloomy story, "The Golden Era of Hedge Funds Draws to a Close With 								
															




Previous Other Voices
                                              
																									
Access Alternative Market Briefing


Access our fully search-able archive on hedge fund and alternatives news (71561 articles)


Go directly to current Alternative Market Briefing newsletter
























 









Top Forwarded
Top Tracked
Top Searched

Launches - Bitcoin hedge fund launches ethereum-subscribed ICO investment vehicle, Jersey players institutionalize first regulated crypto-currency hedge fund[more]
Bitcoin hedge fund launches ethereum-subscribed ICO investment vehicle
From Coindesk.com: The operators of a regulated, Jersey-based bitcoin hedge fund have officially closed a new $5 million fund aimed at investing in cryptocurrency tokens and initial coin offerings (ICOs). Backed by funSWFs - China Wealth fund backs TPG lender as part of U.S. property push[more]
From Bloomberg.com: China Investment Corp., the sovereign wealth fund that controls $814 billion in assets, is betting on U.S. real estate by investing in a commercial real estate lender formed by the money management firm TPG. In conjunction with last week's initial public offering of TPG RE FinancMonths to minutes: Enigma launch aims to boost crypto hedge fund creation[more]
From Coindesk.com: What if starting a hedge fund was as easy as downloading an API? A startup incubated at MIT Media Lab is today revealing a product designed with this ease-of-use in mind. Called Catalyst, the first product offering by blockchain startup Enigma aims to trigger nothing short of an eNorth America - Hedge funds disclose their Puerto Rico debt holdings, US dominates new money portion of Greece's debt sale[more]
Hedge funds disclose their Puerto Rico debt holdings
From Reuters.com: A group of hedge funds that hold about $3 billion of Puerto Rico sales-tax-backed debt released a court filing late on Tuesday that revealed how much of the total amount each fund manages.

Decagon Holdings LLC, $25 million cryptocurrency fund launches to capitalize on the "internet of the future"[more]
From Coindesk.com: General Crypto, a $25 million cryptocurrency hedge fund, has launched to provide high net worth investors with liquid exposure to the cryptocurrency market and digital assets that they believe could run the technological infrastructure of the future. Since the start of 2017, the t
							Click here for More about Opalesque Tracking- A new, unique Premium Service -
emerging managers"hedge fund launch"EMSONextheraAKOstandard pacificMoore Emerging Marketsids capitalSeedmanaged account


Latest VideosFeaturing : Tages Capital: One of Europe's largest and most experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital.Tages Capital LLP is one of the most active and experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital to emerging alternative fund managers. Tages Capital has invested over $700m of seeding/acceleration capital across 15 trans...» Watch the videoMore Videos »Subscribe to Video Feed » 





 On this site people currently   read about: 



credit
standard pacific
morgan stanley
aqr
bischoff
outsource
hugh hendry
fund manager
pension
turkey
social media
hedge fund
hermes
PAULSON
Hedge Fund Incubator
mortgage fund
nestle
sungard
Kenmar
separately Managed Accounts
Tudor
bridgewater
Rothstein Kass
armored wolf
redemptions
golden china
goldentree
ids capital
new fund launch
marshall wace
Ospraie
Seed
King Street
Gold
HBK
Maverick
maga
equinox
Moore Emerging Markets
CQS
citigroup
Mark
focus
man group
administration
asia markets
viking
asian hedge fund
managed account
HEDGE
people
onex
PARDUS
japan
Adar




Opalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Current Issue (U.K. 2017)| |Roundtable Archive



ALTERNATIVE 
		MARKET BRIEFINGThe Only Hedge Fund Newswire Read By Elite Managers » More Current Issue |  Subscribe Now | Archive 

NYMEX - CRUDE OIL (July) – Daily
Near Term Trend: NeutralFriday’s close: $45.60 (- 1.32)UPDATE: Last week, I gave support for crude near $45.04 with an upside target of $48.19.Crude looked like it was on a towards the target in the $48s until Friday. On Friday, headlines crossed that multiple OPEC nations were pumping out as much supply as possible. Crude’s upside fell short of setting a new short-term closing high. So, it is possible that we’ve seen all the upside in crude for now. It is not a certainty, though. Only a close below 45.20 on the July contract will confirm that the upside move is over.I’d be shorting rallies to 46.75 with stops in place on a daily close above 47.45 and with a target of 40.

Current Issue
 | Subscribe  | 
About















Company Information
About Opalesque
History
Awards & Reviews
Testimonials
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Media Kit
Contact


Publications
 Alternative Market Briefing

Technical Research
NEW MANAGERS




Opalesque Roundtables


Research

Technical Research



Private Equity Strategies



Products & Services

Events
Live Chat (for Traders only)

Connect with Opalesque

 Subscribe to our Services
 Subscribe to our RSS feed
 Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to Opalesque.TV




back to top



					Publisher Opalesque is a member of the Opalesque Group. ©	2001-17 Opalesque | All rights reserved. Please visit other member firms and services of the Opalesque Group: 
					
					
					Hedge-Professionals Database  |
					 Opalesque.TV  | Opalesque Solutions













































 



 Pine Grove Launches Registered Vehicle To Provide Institutional Quality Offering For Investors 
         










    










 






 











 









Pine Grove Launches Registered Vehicle To Provide Institutional Quality Offering For Investors

		  '40 Act Fund Taps Portfolio with 16-Year Track RecordFund Construction, Investment Allocation Key Differentiators
		

Jan 22, 2014, 09:25 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Pine Grove Asset Management LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 





NEW YORK, Jan. 22, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Pine Grove Asset Management LLC (PGAM) today announced the launch of the Pine Grove Alternative Institutional Fund (Alt Instl Fund), its first registered closed-end fund under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
The Alt Instl Fund adds to the well-established fund-of-funds offerings at PGAM, which was founded in 1994 and is one of the oldest, independent firms in the hedge fund industry. The Alt Instl Fund will provide accredited investors with streamlined access to relative value and event driven hedge fund strategies with a core focus on credit investing.
With the launch of the Alt Instl Fund, PGAM took deliberate steps to convert a private, unregistered fund into a registered '40 Act fund format. The investment goals, strategies and limitations of the registered fund are substantially similar to those of its predecessor unregistered fund, unlike most other registered offerings.  
"Continuing to invest in our underlying managers' flagship portfolios was extremely important to us when we constructed this vehicle," said Matthew Stadtmauer, PGAM President. "Since the new Alt Instl Fund acquired the assets of its predecessor fund, it will be one of the only '40 Act funds that benefits from a 16-year performance history."
One means of accessing Pine Grove's new registered closed-end fund will be through CAIS, the leading financial product platform servicing the independent wealth management community. "CAIS provides advisors with turnkey access to funds and, with the recent Fidelity–CAIS strategic alliance, CAIS brings broad coverage of the registered investment advisor and broker-dealer community," Stadtmauer continued.
The Alt Inst Fund invests into hedge funds that employ a variety of investment strategies, including, but not limited to, distressed credit investing, hedged credit, convertible arbitrage and long/short equity (low net exposure).
"By focusing on credit strategies, we are offering investors exposure to managers who exploit market inefficiencies that most traditional long-only funds are not capturing," said Tom Williams, PGAM CIO. "Our portfolio construction is positioned to handle a potential rise in interest rates as the managers we allocate to usually display negative correlation to high quality bonds."
About Pine Grove Asset Management LLC
Pine Grove is a leading fund of hedge fund manager managing approximately $1bn. Pine Grove was incepted in 1994 and has been managing relative value and event driven portfolios since its inception.
Pine Grove is 100% employee owned and is located in Summit, NJ and New York City, NY.
www.pinegroveam.com
About CAIS
CAIS is the leading financial product platform for the independent wealth management industry, providing efficient access and execution to a diversified offering of institutional funds and products. CAIS offers advisors streamlined access, information and execution to an expanding menu of alternative mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, structured products, capital markets and real assets. CAIS complements its centralized multi-product offering with independent due diligence provided by Mercer, portfolio construction tools and electronic trade execution. CAIS is located in New York City, NY. www.caisgroup.com 
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This closed-end Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation. Actual performance and results may vary substantially from the stated objectives with respect to risks. Investments in the Fund are speculative and are meant for sophisticated investors. Investors may lose all or a substantial part of their investment. There are no secondary markets for interests/shares in the Funds and none are expected to develop. There are also substantial restrictions on liquidity and transfers, so an investor may not have access to capital when it is needed and may have to bear the risk of an investment longer than anticipated.
Certain of the Fund's managers may employ leverage or short selling, may purchase or sell options or derivatives and may invest in speculative or illiquid securities. It should be noted that fund of funds have multiple layers of fees and expenses that may offset profits. An investment in the Fund is also subject to distressed securities risk, interest rate risk, high yield securities risk, convertible securities risk, other asset back security and collateralized loan obligation risk, non-U.S. securities and government securities risk, foreign and currency risk, non- diversification risk and small and medium capitalization risk. All of which will impact an investment in the Fund. Finally, it should be noted that this is a brief summary of the investment risks.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses carefully before investing. For a prospectus with this and other information about the Fund, please call (855) 699-3103. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC.
 SOURCE  Pine Grove Asset Management LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.pinegroveam.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































Pine Grove launches institutional quality closed-end fund for investors | Hedgeweek








































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 



Login
Register
 











Sign up for free newsletter 




Operational Resource Centre

Technology Resource Centre

Market Trends









news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs

Awards










HomeNewsFunds of Hedge Funds

  


Tweet  

Tweet  




 


Pine Grove launches institutional quality closed-end fund for investors

Thu, 23/01/2014 - 13:34 
Tags
						: 
Funds of Hedge Funds











Pine Grove Asset Management (PGAM) has launched the Pine Grove Alternative Institutional Fund (Alt Instl Fund), its first registered closed-end fund under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
The Alt Instl Fund adds to the fund-of-funds offerings at PGAM, which was founded in 1994 and is one of the oldest, independent firms in the hedge fund industry.
 
The Alt Instl Fund will provide accredited investors with streamlined access to relative value and event driven hedge fund strategies with a core focus on credit investing.
 
With the launch of the Alt Instl Fund, PGAM took deliberate steps to convert a private, unregistered fund into a registered '40 Act fund format. The investment goals, strategies and limitations of the registered fund are substantially similar to those of its predecessor unregistered fund, unlike most other registered offerings.
 
"Continuing to invest in our underlying managers' flagship portfolios was extremely important to us when we constructed this vehicle," says Matthew Stadtmauer, PGAM president. "Since the new Alt Instl Fund acquired the assets of its predecessor fund, it will be one of the only '40 Act funds that benefits from a 16-year performance history."
 
One means of accessing Pine Grove's new registered closed-end fund will be through CAIS, a financial product platform servicing the independent wealth management community.
 
"CAIS provides advisors with turnkey access to funds and, with the recent Fidelity–CAIS strategic alliance, CAIS brings broad coverage of the registered investment advisor and broker-dealer community," Stadtmauer says.
 
The Alt Inst Fund invests into hedge funds that employ a variety of investment strategies, including, but not limited to, distressed credit investing, hedged credit, convertible arbitrage and long/short equity (low net exposure).
 
"By focusing on credit strategies, we are offering investors exposure to managers who exploit market inefficiencies that most traditional long-only funds are not capturing," says Tom Williams, PGAM chief investment officer. "Our portfolio construction is positioned to handle a potential rise in interest rates as the managers we allocate to usually display negative correlation to high quality bonds."







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 



 









 





Furtherreading
	

from Hedgeweek  
HFR reports hedge funds allocations beat redemptions
Thu 20/07/2017 - 13:23


Optima chief defends hedge funds of funds
Wed 08/03/2017 - 16:19


Lyxor reports hedge fund performance recovers in February
Mon 13/02/2017 - 12:03


SkyBridge Capital sells majority stake with Anthony Scaramucci to step down immediately
Tue 17/01/2017 - 16:52


Hedge funds showing improved performance for 2016
Tue 20/12/2016 - 16:27



from our other sites 

Hedge fund launches down and liquidations up reports HFR
Fri 16/12/2016 - 08:04


Preqin reports seven months of positive returns for hedge funds
Thu 20/10/2016 - 12:56


Man Group’s results hit by difficult markets
Tue 26/07/2016 - 09:07


What current trends tell us about the future of the hedge fund industry
Mon 16/05/2016 - 16:45


Avoiding the funerals has kept veteran firm on the survival list
Mon 21/09/2015 - 10:02



 
 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 

Blogs 
 
Building investment fund structures - from start-up to stardom
Tue, 2017-07-25 12:05

 
 
Before you head to the beach…
Fri, 2017-07-14 09:35

 
 
The CFTC provides more robust protection to whistleblowers
Wed, 2017-07-12 14:22

 

Awards 
 
Hedgeweek Global Awards 2017
Thu, 2017-04-06 14:14

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
Mitigating compliance risk for PE managers
Thu, 2017-07-20 10:29

 
 
SEI: Blockchain & building ecosystems in financial services  
Fri, 2017-07-14 10:06

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Investment opportunities in infrastructure debt
Thu, 2017-05-18 12:11


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 Intralinks Insights Briefing: 2017 LP Survey 
 Thursday, September 21, 2017 - 08:00  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Mining Investment Middle East and Central Asia 2017  
 Monday, October 9, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs
Awards 
Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved

















Pine Grove Alternative Fund in Summit, NJ - (908) 273-6321 - Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Pine Grove Alternative Fund

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Pine Grove Alternative Fund



25 Deforest Ave
Summit, NJ 07901






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        908-273-6321
                    



Website:







There are 

26
                Companies located at 25 Deforest Ave, Summit, NJ 07901
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Pine Grove Alternative Fund is located in Summit, New Jersey. This organization primarily operates in the Fund Raising Organizations business / industry within the Business Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 4 years. Pine Grove Alternative Fund is estimated to generate $54,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this single location.









Sector:

Business Services



Category:

Business Services, nec



Industry:

Fund Raising Organizations




SIC Code:

7389











Name:
Pine Grove Alternative Fund


Year Founded:


2013






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 54,000



Employees:

1



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 07901






Percentage Population



19,556
White
2,908
Hispanic
1,128
Black
1,792
Asian
100
Native American
14
Hawaiian
798
Other


85.7 %
White
12.8 %
Hispanic
4.9 %
Black
7.9 %
Asian
0.4 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
3.5 %
Other













Population




Population 
22,806




Female50.8%11,578


Male49.2%11,228




Median Age

39.8




Female40.8


Male38.5






























Questions & Answers









What are the annual sales for Pine Grove Alternative Fund?





Pine Grove Alternative Fund generates approximately $54,000 in annual sales.







Is there a key contact at Pine Grove Alternative Fund?





You can contact Pine Grove Alternative Fund at (908) 273-6321







How big is Pine Grove Alternative Fund?





Pine Grove Alternative Fund is estimated to generate $54,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this location.









How many people work at Pine Grove Alternative Fund?





Pine Grove Alternative Fund has approximately 1 employees at this location.







How long has Pine Grove Alternative Fund been in business?





Pine Grove Alternative Fund has been in business for approximately 4 years.







What is the phone number for Pine Grove Alternative Fund?





The phone number for Pine Grove Alternative Fund is (908) 273-6321







Where is Pine Grove Alternative Fund located?





Pine Grove Alternative Fund is located at 25 Deforest Ave, Summit, NJ 07901.







Are there other companies located at 25 Deforest Ave, Summit, NJ?





There are 26 commercial tenants at 25 Deforest Ave, Summit, NJ.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 07901






Average House Value


                                $ 748,500
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 120,953
                            



Number of Households

8,257



Persons per Household

2.75













Number of Businesses

1,912



Number of Employees

12,050



Land Area (square miles)

6.329



Water Area (square miles)

0.051



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close
































SEC Info - Pine Grove Alternative Fund - ‘N-Q’ for 6/30/14











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Pine Grove Alternative Fund – ‘N-Q’ for 6/30/14On:  Friday, 8/29/14, at 1:22pm ET   ·   Effective:  8/29/14   ·   For:  6/30/14   ·   Accession #:  1435109-14-642   ·   File #:  811-22861
Previous ‘N-Q’:  None   ·   Next:  ‘N-Q’ on 2/20/15 for 12/31/14   ·   Latest:  ‘N-Q’ on 8/22/16 for 6/30/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 8/29/14  Pine Grove Alternative Fund       N-Q         6/30/14    3:291K                                   Atlantic Fd Admi..LLC/FAF-->Quarterly Schedule of Portfolio Holdings of a Management Investment Company   —   Form N-QFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-Q         Quarterly Schedule of Portfolio Holdings of a       HTML    140K 
                          Management Investment Company                          
 2: EX-99.CERT  Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     11K 
 3: EX-99.CERT  Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     12K 

D-->N-Q   —   Quarterly Schedule of Portfolio Holdings of a Management Investment Company
H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->




UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


FORM N-Q


QUARTERLY SCHEDULE OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS OF REGISTERED
MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT COMPANY


Investment Company Act file number 811-22861


PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE FUND
25 DeForest Avenue
Summit, NJ  07901
908-273-6321




Matthew Stadtmauer, Chief Executive Officer
Pine Grove Alternative Fund
25 DeForest Avenue
Summit, NJ  07901




Date of fiscal year end: March 31


Date of reporting period: April 1, 2014 – June 30, 2014






Item 1.  Schedule of Investments.
 








PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE FUND
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


AS OF JUNE 30, 2014






 




Portfolio

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Market

 


Holding

 

Shares

 
 

Cost

 
 

Value

 


Pine Grove Alternative Institutional Fund (“Master Fund”)

 
 
2,907
 
 
$
2,994,000
 
 
$
3,039,468
 


Other Assets & Liabilities, Net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
73,282
 


Net Assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$
3,112,750
 






See Accompanying Notes to Schedule of Investments and Master Fund Schedule of Investments.                      1


  


  
  


  









PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE FUND
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


AS OF JUNE 30, 2014








 
Note 1. Organization
 
Pine Grove Alternative Fund (the “Feeder Fund”) is a Delaware statutory trust registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, as a non-diversified, closed end management investment company, formed on June 21, 2013 (the “Trust”).  The Feeder Fund is offering on a continuous basis up to 200,000 shares of beneficial interest at net asset value per share.  The Feeder Fund’s investment objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation.  The Feeder Fund pursues its investment objective through investing substantially all of its assets in the Master Fund.  As of June 30, 2014, the Feeder Fund represented 4.6% of the Master Fund’s equity.  On October 9, 2013, the Feeder Fund was initially seeded through the sale of 100 shares for $100,000. The Feeder
Fund commenced operations on January 1, 2014.
 
The investment adviser of the Feeder and the Master Fund is Pine Grove Asset Management LLC (the “Investment Adviser”), a registered investment adviser with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and a registered commodity pool operator with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”).  The Board of Trustees (the “Board” and each member a “Trustee”) of the Feeder and the Master Fund supervises the conduct of the Feeder Fund’s and Master Fund’s affairs and pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, has engaged the Investment Adviser to manage the Feeder Fund’s and Master Fund’s day-to-day investment activities.
 
Note 2.  Fair Value
 
Investment in Master Fund – The Feeder Fund records its investment in the Master Fund at fair value which is represented by the Feeder Fund’s shares held in the Master Fund valued at the net asset value per share.  Valuation of the investments held by the Master Fund is discussed in the notes to the Master Fund’s financial statements which are attached and are an integral part of these financial statements.  Please refer to the accounting policies disclosed in the financial statements of the Master Fund for additional information regarding significant policies that affect the Feeder Fund.
 
2
 


  


  
  


  



 






PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE INSTITUTIONAL FUND
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


AS OF JUNE 30, 2014





 






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Fair Value

  

Redemptions



Portfolio
Holdings

  

Shares

  

Cost

  

Fair Value

  

as a % of Net Assets

  

Permitted

  

Notice Period (Days)


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Private Investment Funds

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Convertible Arbitrage

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Aristeia International, Ltd.


3,200

  

$ 3,492,245

  

$ 3,611,311

  

5.3


%


Quarterly

  

60



Basso Investors, Ltd.


1,604

  

3,040,704

  

3,169,388

  

 4.7

  

Quarterly

  

60



Whitebox Concentrated Convertible Arbitrage Fund, Ltd.


2,866

  

3,536,614

  

3,783,297

  

 5.6

  

Quarterly

  

60


  
  
  
  

 10,069,563

  

 10,563,996

  

  15.6

  
  
  
  


Distressed – Corporate

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Contrarian Capital Senior Secured Offshore Fund, Ltd.


11,806

  

3,401,129

  

3,519,103

  

 5.2

  

Quarterly

  

90



Halcyon Senior Loan Fund II Offshore, Ltd.


1,378

  

1,423,728

  

1,476,876

  

 2.2

  

Quarterly

  

90



Serengeti Segregated Portfolio Company, Ltd.


590

  

598,858

  

675,371

  

1.0

  

Annually

  

85



Silver Point C&I Opportunity Fund II, Ltd.


  76

  

76,533

  

79,945

  

 0.1

  

Other*

  
  


Silver Point Capital Offshore Fund, Ltd.


216

  

2,171,374

  

2,298,462

  

 3.4

  

Annually

  

90



Sound Point Beacon Offshore Fund, Ltd.


833

  

  893,011

  

1,022,779

  

 1.5

  

Semi-Annually

  

90


  
  
  
  

8,564,633

  

9,072,536

  

13.4

  
  
  
  


Distressed - Structured Products

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Candlewood Structured Credit Harvest Fund, Ltd.


  231

  

  2,807,778

  

  3,016,353

  

   4.5

  

Quarterly

  

90



DoubleLine Opportunistic Income Fund, Ltd.


  2,464

  

  2,956,043

  

  3,207,782

  

   4.7

  

Monthly

  

45



Halcyon Offshore Asset-Backed Value Fund Ltd.


  1,677

  

  2,522,325

  

  2,628,428

  

   3.9

  

Quarterly

  

90



Libremax Offshore Fund, Ltd.


2,837

  

  3,524,452

  

  3,729,624

  

   5.5

  

Quarterly

  

90



Metacapital Mortgage Value Fund, Ltd.


 2,608

  

  2,912,067

  

  3,086,516

  

   4.6

  

Quarterly

  

60



Tilden Park Offshore Investment Fund, Ltd.


  2,304

  

  2,855,721

  

  3,054,477

  

   4.5

  

Quarterly

  

90



Tourmalet Matawin Offshore Fund, LP


74,088

  

73,022

  

71,406

  

   0.1

  

Other*

  
  

  
  
  
  

17,651,408

  

18,794,586

  

27.8

  
  
  
  


Hedged Credit

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.


  3,020

  

  3,036,302

  

  3,276,143

  

   4.9

  

Annually

  

90



Fir Tree Capital Opportunity Fund II, Ltd.


  299

  

  2,984,866

  

  3,090,876

  

   4.6

  

Quarterly/
Annually

  

60



King Street Capital, Ltd.


14,472

  

  2,232,510

  

  2,372,762

  

   3.5

  

Quarterly

  

65



Luxor Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.


2,691

  

  2,942,887

  

  2,905,495

  

   4.3

  

Quarterly

  

90



Saba Capital Offshore Fund, Ltd.


1,632

  

  1,655,843

  

  1,581,743

  

   2.3

  

Quarterly

  

65



Southpaw Credit Opportunity Fund (FTE), Ltd.


17,122

  

  2,311,786

  

  2,404,703

  

   3.6

  

Quarterly

  

60



Whitebox Credit Arbitrage Fund, Ltd.


 2,401

  

  2,843,269

  

  3,041,729

  

   4.5

  

Quarterly

  

60



Wingspan Overseas Fund, Ltd.


1,650

  

1,650,000

  

1,679,215

  

 2.5

  

Quarterly

  

90


  
  
  
  

19,657,463

  

20,352,666

  

30.2

  
  
  
  


Long/Short Equity

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Dirigo, Ltd.

  

20,362

  

  2,371,081

  

  2,408,305

  

   3.6

  

Quarterly

  

45



Rosemont Offshore Fund, Ltd.


2,203

  

  2,936,687

  

  2,942,545

  

   4.3

  

Quarterly

  

60


  
  
  
  

  5,307,768

  

  5,350,850

  

   7.9

  
  
  
  


Other

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Halcyon Structured Opportunities Offshore Fund, Ltd.


14

  

  5,683

  

  6,056

  

-

  

Other*

  
  


Harbringer Class L Holdings (Cayman), Ltd.


 1

  

        4,018

  

        4,209

  

-

  

Other*

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 

See Accompanying Notes to Schedule of Investments.               3


  


  
  


  









PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE INSTITUTIONAL FUND
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


AS OF JUNE 30, 2014










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Fair Value

 

Redemptions



Portfolio
Holdings

 

Shares

 

Cost

 

Fair Value

 

as a % of Net Assets

 

Permitted

 

Notice Period (Days)


 


 



Other (continued)

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Harbringer Class PE Holdings (Cayman), Ltd.


  107

  

$      40,108

  

$      38,939

  

   0.1


%


Other*

  
  


Longacre International II, Ltd.


 1

  

  1,509

  

  1,509

  

-

  

Other*

  
  


Marathon Overseas Liquidating Fund


  215

  

705

  

182

  

-

  

Other*

  
  

  
  
  
  

52,023

  

50,895

  

   0.1

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Total Private Investment Funds

  

 $61,302,858

  

 $64,185,529

  

95.0


%

  
  
  


Other Assets & Liabilities, Net

  

3,346,586

  

5.0


%

  
  
  


Net Assets

  
  
  

 $67,532,115

  

100.0


%

  
  
  










*


The private investment funds do not have set redemption time frames but are liquidating investments and making distributions as underlying investments are sold.



 

See Accompanying Notes to Schedule of Investments.                   4






  


  
  


  


 








PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE INSTITUTIONAL FUND
NOTES TO SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


JUNE 30, 2014







 
Note 1. Organization
 
Pine Grove Alternative Institutional Fund (the “Master Fund”) is a Delaware statutory trust registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, as a non-diversified, closed end management investment company (the “Trust”), formed on June 21, 2013.  The Master Fund is offering on a continuous basis up to 200,000 shares of beneficial interest at net asset value per share.  Pine Grove Alternative Fund (the “Feeder Fund”) invests substantially all of its assets in the Master Fund.  As of June 30, 2014, the Feeder Fund represented 4.6% of the Master Fund’s net assets. The Master Fund’s investment objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation.  On October 9, 2013, the Fund was initially seeded through the sale of 100 shares for $100,000.  The
Master Fund commenced operations on January 1, 2014, after it acquired the net assets of Pine Grove Institutional Partners II Ltd. (the “Partnership”), in exchange for Master Fund shares in the amount of $44,760,197.
 
The investment adviser of the Master and the Feeder Fund is Pine Grove Asset Management LLC (the “Investment Adviser), a registered investment adviser with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and a registered commodity pool operator with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”).  The Board of Trustees (the “Board” and each member a “Trustee”) of the Master and the Feeder Fund supervises the conduct of the Master Fund’s and Feeder Fund’s affairs and pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, has engaged the Investment Adviser to manage the Master Fund’s and Feeder Fund’s day-to-day investment activities.
 
Capitalized terms used, but not defined herein, shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Prospectus of the Master Fund.
 
Note 2. Fair Value Hierarchy
 
The Master Fund has a three-tier fair value hierarchy. The basis of the tiers is dependent upon the various “inputs” used to determine the value of the Master Fund’s investments. These inputs are summarized in the three broad levels listed below:


Level 1 — quoted prices in active markets for identical assets


Level 2 — Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable (such as models or other valuation methodologies). The Master Fund’s investments in Private Investment Funds which are generally included in this category include investments in Private Investment Funds where the Master Fund has the ability to withdraw at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) at June 30, 2014 or within three months thereafter, under normal market conditions, and there are no other potential liquidity restrictions, such as redemption gates or suspensions.
 

Level 3 – Inputs are unobservable for the asset and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset as of the measurement date.  Investments in Private Investment Funds that are currently subject to liquidity restrictions that will not be lifted within three months of the measurement date will be considered level 3.

 




  
 

Level 1

 
 

Level 2

 
 

Level 3

 
 

Total

 


Private Investment Funds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Convertible Arbitrage (a)

 
$
-
 
 
$
8,672,348
 
 
$
1,891,648
 
 
$
10,563,996
 


Distressed – Corporate (b)

 
 
-
 
 
 
3,234,661
 
 
 
5,837,875
 
 
 
9,072,536
 


Distressed - Structured Products (c)

 
 
-
 
 
 
7,759,919
 
 
 
11,034,667
 
 
 
18,794,586
 


Hedged Credit (d)

 
 
-
 
 
 
3,843,346
 
 
 
16,509,320
 
 
 
20,352,666
 


Long/Short Equity (e)

 
 
-
 
 
 
5,350,850
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
5,350,850
 


Other (f)

 
 
-
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
50,895
 
 
 
50,895
 


Total

 
$
-
 
 
$
28,861,124
 
 
$
35,324,405
 
 
$
64,185,529
 



 



5



  


  
  


  










PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE INSTITUTIONAL FUND
NOTES TO SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


JUNE 30, 2014














(a)


Convertible Arbitrage: Convertible Arbitrage is a strategy that entails purchasing convertible securities (convertible bonds or preferred stock) and hedging the equity risk by shorting the underlying common stock. Some managers attempt to hedge other risks associated with Convertible Arbitrage, such as interest rate risk and credit risk. One of the main risks in this strategy is the possibility of losses in the portfolio of long (or short) positions that are not offset by corresponding gains in the portfolio of short (or long) positions.
 



(b)


Distressed – Corporate: Distressed Corporate managers typically invest in the senior, secured, and/or liquidating debt of companies in financial distress and/or those entering or exiting bankruptcy. These investments can result in substantial or total loss due to business and financial risks but this is often mitigated by collateral coverage. Distressed investing is often associated with relative illiquidity, reduced transparency, and valuation involving significant management judgment.
 


 



(c)


Distressed – Structured Products: Distressed Structured Products managers buy pools of assets that have been securitized (bonds backed by the cashflows from these assets). Often this includes pools of mortgages that are not guaranteed by the government. It may also include pools of leveraged loans, commercial real estate, student loans and other kinds of assets. Usually the pools were once rated investment grade but the assets turned out to be of worse quality than the first investors originally thought they would be. Some managers may also buy agency derivatives. One of the main risks in this strategy is the possibility of losses in the portfolio of long positions if the manager assumptions regarding prepayments, defaults, recovery, etc. prove to be too aggressive. Also, agency derivatives in particular are very sensitive to borrower prepayment rates as well as the level of short term interest rates.
 



(d)


Hedged Credit: Hedged Credit managers typically take long and short positions in fixed income instruments of companies across the credit spectrum. Some also buy Structured Products. These managers may also buy equities, usually in companies that have some issue (e.g., they just came out of bankruptcy) or are otherwise difficult to understand. These managers hedge by shorting stocks and bonds that they think have a lot more downside than upside, even if only during a crisis. One of the main risks in this strategy is the possibility of losses in the portfolio of long (or short) positions that are not offset by corresponding gains in the portfolio of short (or long) positions due to incorrect analysis of idiosyncratic factors.
 



(e)


Long/Short Equity: Long/Short Equity managers attempt to buy undervalued equities and short overvalued equities. Managers selected for investment by the Investment Manager typically attempt to be either market neutral or have low net exposure to the equity markets. In this way, the manager is not relying on the market going up or down to make money. One of the main risks in this strategy is the possibility of losses in the portfolio of long (or short) positions that are not offset by corresponding gains in the portfolio of short (or long) positions. Short selling creates additional risk of limited upside and unlimited downside.
 



(f)


Other: Other represents investments in private investment funds for which the Master Fund expects to receive the redemption proceeds upon sale of the underlying investments. The Master Fund has redeemed from these private investment funds and has received a majority of the redemption proceeds. The current portfolio of underlying investments held by such private investment companies is illiquid in nature and is not necessarily indicative of the active investment strategies of such private investment funds.



 



6



  


  
  


  










PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE INSTITUTIONAL FUND
NOTES TO SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)


JUNE 30, 2014










The following is a reconciliation of Level 3 investments for which significant unobservable inputs were used to determine fair value.






  
 

Private Investment Funds

 

  
 

Convertible Arbitrage

 
 

Distressed - Corporate

 
 

Distressed - Structured Products

 
 

Hedged Credit

 
 

Other

 


Balance as of 03/31/14

 
$
1,639,429
 
 
$
5,524,710
 
 
$
7,908,797
 
 
$
10,141,397
 
 
$
68,081
 


Purchases

 
 
200,000
 
 
 
407,156
 
 
 
2,825,000
 
 
 
2,771,064
 
 
 
-
 


Sales

 
 
-
 
 
 
(295,070
)
 
 
(4,116
)
 
 
(584
)
 
 
(15,977
)


Net Realized Gain/Loss

 
 
-
 
 
 
21,736
 
 
 
(1,446
)
 
 
136
 
 
 
(407
)


Transfers into Level 3

 
 
-
 
 
 
104
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
2,743,077
 
 
 
-
 


Transfers out of Level 3

 
 
-
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
(3,553
)
 
 
-
 


Change in Unrealized Appreciation/
Depreciation1

 
 
52,219
 
 
 
179,239
 
 
 
306,432
 
 
 
857,783
 
 
 
(802
)


Balance as of 06/30/14

 
$
1,891,648
 
 
$
5,837,875
 
 
$
11,034,667
 
 
$
16,509,320
 
 
$
50,895
 









1


The change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) also represents the change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) for investments still held at June 30, 2014.





There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the period ended June 30, 2014. Transfers in and transfers out are generally due to the change in liquidity terms of Private Investment Funds and are recognized as of the end of the reporting period.







Strategy

 

Fair Value2

 
 

Liquidation and Underlying Fund Side Pocket Investment3 (A)

 
 

Redemptions in Restriction Period4 (B)

 
 

Range of Redemption Restriction Period. (Months)

 
 

Total (A)+(B)

 


Convertible Arbitrage

 
$
1,891,648
 
 
$
-
 
 
$
1,891,648
 
 
 
N/A
 
 
$
1,891,648
 


Distressed – Corporate

 
 
5,837,875
 
 
 
98,926
 
 
 
5,738,949
 
 
 
6 – 20
 
 
 
5,837,875
 


Distressed - Structured Products

 
 
11,034,667
 
 
 
71,406
 
 
 
10,963,261
 
 
 
6 – 13
 
 
 
11,034,667
 


Hedged Credit

 
 
16,509,320
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
16,509,320
 
 
 
6 – 11
 
 
 
16,509,320
 


Other

 
 
50,895
 
 
 
50,895
 
 
 
-
 
 
 
N/A
 
 
 
50,895
 


Total

 
$
35,324,405
 
 
$
221,227
 
 
$
35,103,178
 
 
 
 
 
 
$
35,324,405
 









2


No unfunded commitments as of June 30, 2014.









3


Amounts represent Private Investment Funds which are in liquidation/harvest period and side pocket investments in certain underlying investment funds. For such investments, redemptions are permitted only upon liquidation or deemed realization of the underlying assets of the Private Investment Funds.







4


Investments in Private Investment Funds that cannot be redeemed and the range of remaining redemption restriction period as per the Private Investment Fund's governing legal documents is disclosed.  The remaining restriction period for various investments may be less than as noted above depending on the investment timing.









7



  


  
  


  







 






Item 2.  Controls and Procedures.
(a) The registrant’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 30a-3(c) under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Act”)) are effective, based on their evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 30a-3(b)  under the Act and Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of a date within 90 days of the filing date of this report.
 
 (b) There were no changes in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 30a-3(d) under the Act) that occurred during the registrant’s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.


Item 3.  Exhibits.
Certifications as required by Rule 30a-2(a) under the Act are attached hereto.


SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.




PINE GROVE ALTERNATIVE FUND


By:           /s/ Matthew Stadtmauer
Matthew Stadtmauer, Chief Executive Officer


Date:       August 27, 2014


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



By:         /s/ Matthew Stadtmauer
Matthew Stadtmauer, Chief Executive Officer



Date:      August 27, 2014




By:          /s/ Michael J. McKeen
Michael J. McKeen, Chief Financial Officer



Date:      August 27, 2014


R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘N-Q’ Filing    Date    Other FilingsFiled on / Effective on:8/29/148/27/14For Period End:6/30/14N-PX4/1/141/1/1410/9/1346/21/13 List all Filings
↑TopFiling Submission 0001435109-14-000642   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 09:50:21.1 GMT 
