

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿




























Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc. - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Abbott Laboratories
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades SGS Ltd (SGSOY) to “Strong-Buy”
Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research
J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €40.50 Price Target
Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday
America First Multifamily Investors, L.P. (NASDAQ:ATAX) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc (NYSE:AHT) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Koninklijke Philips NV (PHIA) Given a €34.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (NYSE:PK) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Duerr AG (DUE) PT Set at €110.00 by Baader Bank
Access National Corporation (ANCX) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.
Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Has $831,000 Position in United Technologies Corporation (UTX)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires New Position in Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Increases Position in NovaGold Resources Inc. (NG)
Simon Kesterton Sells 40,648 Shares of RPC Group PLC (RPC) Stock
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Sells 95,201 Shares of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SPH)
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (BIP) Position Decreased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Increases Stake in Global Water Resources, Inc. (GWRS)
Drive Shack Inc. (NYSE:DS) Position Raised by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Davis R M Inc. Has $1.53 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM)



 


Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc. cut its position in  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) by 1.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 86,511 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock after selling 1,427 shares during the period. Abbott Laboratories makes up  approximately  1.8% of Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $3,842,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of ABT. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB raised its stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 22.1% in the first quarter. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB now owns 263,346 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $11,695,000 after buying an additional 47,656 shares in the last quarter.  Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 72.1% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 1,154,626 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $50,400,000 after buying an additional 483,847 shares in the last quarter.  Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. raised its stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 12.1% in the first quarter. Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. now owns 29,897 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $1,328,000 after buying an additional 3,237 shares in the last quarter.  Clean Yield Group raised its stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 81.5% in the first quarter. Clean Yield Group now owns 14,244 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $618,000 after buying an additional 6,396 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Novare Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the first quarter worth $3,093,000. 71.08% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) opened at 50.40 on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of $87.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 56.63 and a beta of 1.07. Abbott Laboratories has a 12-month low of $37.38 and a 12-month high of $51.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $48.44 and its 200-day moving average is $44.89. 




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.63 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.55 EPS. Abbott Laboratories’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.49 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.265 per share. This represents a $1.06 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.10%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. Abbott Laboratories’s payout ratio is 149.30%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.” was first  posted by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/abbott-laboratories-abt-shares-sold-by-pineno-levin-ford-asset-management-inc.html. 
A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $57.00 price target (up from $52.00) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Saturday, July 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $58.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Friday, July 21st. Cowen and Company  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $55.00 price target (up from $48.00) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Friday, July 14th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Abbott Laboratories  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $52.13.
In related news, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,090 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,258,907.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Stephen R. Fussell sold 196,550 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.00, for a total transaction of $9,041,300.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 221,488 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,188,448. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.76% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT).







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Zacks Investment Research Upgrades SGS Ltd  to “Strong-Buy”





Synchronoss Technologies, Inc.  Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research





J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Salzgitter AG  a €40.50 Price Target





Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc  to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday





America First Multifamily Investors, L.P.  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday





Avon Products, Inc.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.



Overview
Executives & Employees Paths
Non-Profit Donations & Grants Holdings & Top Positions



Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1994




Headquarters


7100 Forest Avenue, Suite 303, Richmond, VA 23226-3742




Employees (Worldwide)


5




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management (PLF) is a value manager that seeks to achieve competitive investment returns with lower-than-average market risk.The firm's equity approach focuses on investments in the undervalued securities of companies with strong competitive positions, powerful cash-generating capacity, solid finances, competent and honest management and attractive growth opportunities. PLF's stock selection process is based on fundamental analysis. They do not employ strategies that are based on short-term trends such as earnings momentum or earnings surprises. In general, the firm tends to invest in the stocks of US and European large-cap companies in the health technology, consumer non-durables and energy minerals sectors. PLF maintains a very low turnover rate.PLF employs a total-return fixed-income investment approach. Bond portfolios are constructed to maximize after-tax returns. The firm invests primarily in investment-grade securities including government, municipal and corporate debt. Most investments have maturities of 10 years or less. PLF relies on the interest rate forecast to determine the most favorable position on the yield curve.




Website


http://www.pinenolevinford.com





 Executives & Employees



Francis Anthony Pineno

Co-Founder




Jeffrey David Levin

Co-Founder





John Richard Tashjian

Principal




Terri B. Fad

Professional





Guy Wallace Ford

Professional




McBridge Scott McFadden, Jr.

Professional





Jared Levin

Professional






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.



                        Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1,000 - $4,999

                                    2013
                                


Better Housing Coalition


                                   The Better Housing Coalition changes lives and transforms communities through high-quality, affordable housing.                                




$1,000 - $4,999

                                    2012
                                


Better Housing Coalition


                                   The Better Housing Coalition changes lives and transforms communities through high-quality, affordable housing.                                




$1,000 - $4,999

                                    2011
                                


Better Housing Coalition


                                   The Better Housing Coalition changes lives and transforms communities through high-quality, affordable housing.                                




$1,000 - $2,499

                                    2010
                                


Better Housing Coalition


                                   The Better Housing Coalition changes lives and transforms communities through high-quality, affordable housing.                                





 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.


Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.
(CRD# 105914) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Richmond, VA.
They
manage $268,519,821 in 414 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.




7100 Forest Ave., Suite 303,
Richmond,
VA
23226
804-288-3772
http://www.pinenolevinford.com




http://www.pinenolevinford.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

269
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

414
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$648,599







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




VA






Financial Advisors at Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Jeffrey D. Levin



CRD#:
1242982



7100 Forest Ave., Suite 303,
Richmond,
VA
23226




96

Wealthminder
score








Jeffrey Levin (CRD# 1242982) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. in Richmond, VA and has 
over 32 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Francis A. Pineno



CRD#:
363755



7100 Forest Ave., Suite 303,
Richmond,
VA
23226




96

Wealthminder
score








Francis Pineno (CRD# 363755) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. in Richmond, VA and has 
over 32 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Mcbride S. McFadden



CRD#:
722240



7100 Forest Ave., Suite 303,
Richmond,
VA
23226




93

Wealthminder
score








Mcbride McFadden (CRD# 722240) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. in Richmond, VA and has 
over 36 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc

































  Headlines
                

Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Analysts See $0.77 EPS 
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT), Pandora Media Inc (NYSE:P) 
Porsche ordered to recall 30000 cars over emissions cheating 
Twitter, Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Given Sell Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada 
Hot Stock Assessment: SUPERVALU Inc. (SVU) 
Royal Bank Scotland PLC (The) (RBS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by BidaskClub 
Crude oil prices plunge sharply on Thursday 


























News
Finance Life&Culture Technology Research Sports World Media Medical USA 




Finance
Life&Culture
Technology
Research
Sports
World Media
Medical
USA


 


Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc
Jay Anderson
July 14, 2017



Share












The stock decreased 1.76% or $1.82 during the last trading session, reaching $101.84. In the last quarter, insiders sold 54,257 shares of company stock valued at $5,435,827. Automatic Data has $115 highest and $76 lowest target.
The stock decreased 0.24% or $0.19 during the last trading session, reaching $80.32. About 732,709 shares traded. Finally, Ibex Wealth Advisors purchased a new position in Automatic Data Processing during the fourth quarter worth about $197,000. It has underperformed by 0.87% the S&P500.American Investment Services Inc decreased Mcdonalds Corp (MCD) stake by 83.24% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Capital Counsel Llc sold 20,696 shares as the company's stock declined 1.06% while stock markets rallied. LLP now owns 11,355 shares of the business services provider's stock valued at $1,166,000 after buying an additional 56 shares in the last quarter. Mcdonalds Corp now has $127.76B valuation. The stock's average true range of stands at 1.61, while the relative strength index is 52.49. About 12,179 shares traded. It has outperformed by 1.55% the S&P500.Automatic Data Processing (NYSE ADP) opened at 101.63 on Friday. Therefore 100% are positive. Equities analysts anticipate that Automatic Data Processing will post $3.72 earnings per share for the current year. The firm has "Overweight" rating given on Tuesday, September 20 by Morgan Stanley. The stock has "Sector Perform" rating by RBC Capital Markets on Thursday, February 4. The rating was upgraded by Goldman Sachs on Friday, December 16 to "Buy". As per Friday, July 29, the company rating was downgraded by Robert W. Baird.While looking at the Stock's Performance, Automatic Data Processing, Inc. now shows a Weekly Performance of -1.51%, where Monthly Performance is 0.95%, Quarterly performance is 0.4%, 6 Months performance is 0.29% and yearly performance percentage is 8.11%. (ADP) has 450.14 Million shares outstanding and 446.85 Million shares were floated in market. The insider Roady Samantha sold 15,000 shares worth $122,711. Eberhard Michael C sold $52,500 worth of stock. WHITE SARA J also sold $131,023 worth of Omnicell, Inc. It also reduced Gilead Sciences Inc. 1St Glob Advsrs owns 7,573 shares. Accenture (NYSE:ACN) was reduced too.

Which Analysts Are Watching Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)?
					The stock of Mondelez International Inc (NASDAQ:MDLZ) has "Outperform" rating given on Monday, October 26 by RBC Capital Markets.  Sowell Financial Services LLC bought a new stake in Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth about $136,000.
				Investors sentiment increased to 1.27 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.05, from 1.1 in 2016Q3. 116 funds opened positions while 293 raised stakes. GCAP's SI was 1.91 million shares in July as released by FINRA. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board reported 17,900 shares. Sunbelt holds 0% or 253 shares. Comerica Retail Bank owns 0.2% invested in Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) for 238,242 shares. Given that its average daily volume over the 30 days has been 2.61 million shares a day, this signifies a pretty significant change over the norm. Moreover, State Of Alaska Department Of Revenue has 0.01% invested in Omnicell, Inc. 9,254 are held by Caprock Group Incorporated Incorporated. Liberty Management stated it has 3,250 shares or 0.03% of all its holdings. Following the sale, the insider now owns 46,256 shares in the company, valued at $4,717,186.88.Automatic Data Processing (NYSE:ADP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. 3,237 are held by Smith Moore & Company. RBC Capital Markets maintained Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) rating on Monday, May 2. Tdam Usa reported 182,949 shares. BidaskClub downgraded Automatic Data Processing from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a report on Wednesday.Ciber Inc (CBR) investors sentiment increased to 1.52 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.01, from 0.72 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 4 investors sold Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund shares while 7 reduced holdings. 538.67 million shares or 0.04% more from 538.45 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Roof Eidam And Maycock Adv holds 0.95% or 17,730 shares in its portfolio. Nationwide Fund Advisors has invested 0% in Gain Capital Holdings Inc (NYSE:GCAP). Btr Mgmt reported 5,991 shares stake. Meristem Limited Liability Partnership has 3,495 shares for 0.15% of their portfolio. Chesley Taft Associate Ltd Llc holds 34,370 shares. First Hawaiian Bankshares stated it has 8,106 shares. 2,747 are held by Foster And Motley. Burke Herbert Natl Bank Tru Co holds 5,727 shares. The dividend was $0.570 per share for the quarter which is $2.28 annualized. Water Island reported 4,842 shares or 0.04% of all its holdings. Bridgewater Assocs Lp invested in 0.16% or 396,230 shares. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. (ADP) reported sales (ttm) of 12.21 Billion, whereas, 13 number of analysts estimated the mean sale of 3418.92 million. The rating was upgraded by Bernstein to "Outperform" on Monday, July 11. On Tuesday, November 3 the stock rating was maintained by Argus Research with "Buy". The company has market cap of $5.47 million. The company was maintained on Tuesday, September 13 by Citigroup. The rating was maintained by Cantor Fitzgerald on Monday, June 12 with "Buy". Automatic Data Processing now has an average rating of "Hold" and an average price target of $99.00. (NASDAQ:ADP) shares have been seen trading -3.59% off of the 50-day peak and 6.42% away from the 50-day bottom. Flynn Edward B III sold $921,727 worth of stock or 8,873 shares. Another trade for 1,600 shares valued at $206,307 was bought by Mulligan John J. They expect $0.70 EPS, up 1.45% or $0.01 from last year's $0.69 per share. ADP's profit will be $307.72 million for 36.72 P/E if the $0.70 EPS becomes a reality. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.67 on a per share basis this quarter.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.


 




Other reports by BadHub 









14 July 2017




Global Zinc Carbon Battery Market Research Forecast Report 2017









14 July 2017




PA State Universities see tuition hike for 2018-19 school year









14 July 2017




In Paris, Trump Defends Son's Meeting With Russian Lawyer









JetBlue Airways Corporation (NASDAQ:JBLU)Rises 0.52% Pre-Market









14 July 2017




Se podrá ver "de cerca" la Gran Mancha Roja de Júpiter









14 July 2017




Blocked Twitter users sue Pres











14 July 2017




Cooper: Trump aide like 'Hungarian Don Rickles'









14 July 2017




Lana Del Rey confirms new album release date - and it's really soon!









14 July 2017




Health care bill threatens 410726 Virginians











14 July 2017




Chinese Side Working On Last Minute Signing of Chelsea and Liverpool Target







Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCSG) Experiences Heavier than Usual Trading Volume









14 July 2017




Microsoft and BMW are bringing Skype for Business to 5 Series cars









Recent News Articles


 
Read Senate Republicans' latest version of the health care bill




 
Experimental vaccines protect fetuses from Zika infection in mouse study




 
Has $644000 Position in International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM)




Discuss This Article








 MOST POPULAR BadHub




More heat and humidity for the end of the week



How Woody Harrelson Found Out About Han Solo Directors' Firing



Samsung Bixby voice assistant pegged for 18th July launch



Reliance Jio 4G feature phone hands-on



PETN explosive found inside UP Assembly, Yogi Adityanath demands NIA investigation



US Envoy Jason Greenblatt Talks Peace in Ramallah, Crisis in Gaza


Century Aluminum Sees Unusually High Options Volume (CENX)



Neetu Kapoor hosts special screening of Jagga Jasoos!



Capito reviewing health care bill with 'serious concerns'



Kyle Walker to cost Man City a mind-boggling £55m?







FOLLOW OUR NEWSPAPER











LATES NEWS BadHub



 
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Analysts See $0.77 EPS


Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT), Pandora Media Inc (NYSE:P)


Porsche ordered to recall 30000 cars over emissions cheating


Twitter, Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Given Sell Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada


Hot Stock Assessment: SUPERVALU Inc. (SVU)


Royal Bank Scotland PLC (The) (RBS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by BidaskClub


Where Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (NYSE:FCX) Stands in Analysts Ranking


Target Price Review on Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTPH)


BT Group PLC (NYSE:BT) to Release Earnings on Friday


What Are Analysts Suggestions On Time Warner Inc. (TWX)







OTHER NEWS


Technology
Life&Culture
Finance








Samsung Pay  started out being exclusive to the Korean company's high-...









The June quarter is always a quiet one for  Apple , most awaiting the ...









The Korean company may take things up yet another notch, though, as it...









Centre Asset Management Limited Co reported 27,920 shares stake.   Ana...









In a  statement , Celgene said it has agreed to resolve a "whistleblow...












Murphy has been sharing glimpses of what the new season is about on Tw...









In his autobiography, Karan had said his almost  25-year-long friendsh...









The fight, Cory says, ostracized Redwine from his then-wife,  Elaine H...









Reznor spent some time discussing the influence of his late friend, Da...









The Rays   also acquired reliever Dan Jennings  on Thursday, a rare si...











Among 4 analysts covering Meg Energy Corp. Therefore 47% are positive....








FMR LLC raised its position in Applied Materials by 16.8% in the first...









The total recall, which includes vehicles already sold and some that h...









Twitter shares  have typically higher heading into its earnings report...








Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in shares ...
























© 2017 badhub.net, BadHub




Research
Technology
Life&Culture
Finance


USA
Medical
World Media
Sports





Edition

About Team

Contact Info










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started
















































Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. ...


February 02, 2017, 01:38:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.New Purchases: HON , NEP , ADP ,Added Positions:WLTW, CCL, NEE, UL, SJM, VTR, CPTA, ZTS,Reduced Positions:EMR, SH, BDX, WM, COP, XOM, ITW, BBT, VWO, SLB,Sold Out:AMLP,For the details of Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Pineno+Levin+%26+Ford+Asset+Management%2C+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.Walt Disney Co ( DIS ) - 81,931 shares, 4.12% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.1%Waste Management Inc ( WM ) - 101,013 shares, 3.46% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.56%Comcast Corp ( CMCSA ) - 97,173 shares, 3.24% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.1%Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) - 56,818 shares, 3.16% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.55%Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B) - 38,757 shares, 3.05% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.23%New Purchase: Honeywell International Inc ( HON )Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. initiated holdings in Honeywell International Inc. The purchase prices were between $105.78 and $118.09, with an estimated average price of $112.57. The stock is now traded at around $117.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.36%. The holdings were 24,400 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: NextEra Energy Partners LP (NEP)Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. initiated holdings in NextEra Energy Partners LP. The purchase prices were between $23.97 and $28.72, with an estimated average price of $26.13. The stock is now traded at around $32.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.01%. The holdings were 81,750 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Automatic Data Processing Inc (ADP)Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $86.09 and $103.45, with an estimated average price of $93.3. The stock is now traded at around $96.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 1,969 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Alerian MLP (AMLP)Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc. sold out the holdings in Alerian MLP. The sale prices were between $11.86 and $12.72, with an estimated average price of $12.36.HON 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of HONPeter Lynch Chart of HONPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        DIS
                                    
, 

                                        WM
                                    
, 

                                        CMCSA
                                    
, 

                                        JNJ
                                    
, 

                                        HON
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Weyerhaeuser (WY) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Lags on Revenue


						7/28/2017 03:42 AM
					



Validea Warren Buffett Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/28/2017


						7/28/2017 02:57 AM
					



Validea Peter Lynch Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/28/2017


						7/28/2017 02:57 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





DIS








89%



Rate It





WM








88%



Rate It





CMCSA








68%



Rate It





JNJ








83%



Rate It





HON








82%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Pineno Levin & Ford











ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLE
CLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONSPL&F TEAM
CONTACT US
DISCLOSUREHOME













Equities (stocks)
Our guiding principle is that significant wealth is created by long-term investment in securities of companies with strong competitive positions, powerful cash-generating capacity, solid finances, competent and honest management, and attractive growth opportunities.
We do not subscribe to popular strategies based on short-term trends such as earnings momentum or earnings surprises, choosing instead to emphasize evaluation of the economic fundamentals of a business, focusing on a company's long-term prospects.
The Businessperson’s Approach

Buy outstanding businesses in growing industries
Invest only in companies whose business we understand
Focus on predictible, excess cash-flow generation
Do not follow the stock market herd

Our Strategy to Minimize Risk

Diversify over a spectrum of good businesses
Apply knowledge that exceeds standard parameters
Lock-in a valuation buffer by attempting to buy out-of-favor stocks or stocks trading at a price less than what we believe the business is worth



Fixed Income (bonds)
Employing a total-return approach, bond portfolios are constructed to maximize after-tax returns.
Credit Quality: We emphasize investment-grade securities. We will only buy below investment-grade bonds if we know the company or issuer and believe its ratings do not accurately represent the risk of its bonds.
Maturity/Duration: Generally, we invest in maturities of 10 years or less, with the interest rate forecast determining the most favorable position on the yield curve.
Sectors: Within a broad universe of government, municipal and corporate debt, we seek attractive values to optimally serve each client's tax status and investment goals.
Adding Value While Reducing Risk

Focus on investment-grade quality
Calibrate maturities
Evaluate sectors for optimal results
Operate with low fees and low transaction costs





www.pinenolevinford.comlocal: (804)288-3772 • toll-free: (888)297-3772 • fax: (804)288-6064 • email: info@pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.








Pineno Levin & Ford











ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLECLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONSPL&F TEAM
CONTACT US
DISCLOSUREHOME















Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management
7100 Forest Avenue, Suite 303Richmond, Virginia 23226 
LOCAL: (804)288-3772TOLL-FREE: (888)297-3772FAX: (804)288-6064
jeff@pinenolevinford.com





www.pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.








Pineno Levin & Ford











ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLECLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONSPL&F TEAM
CONTACT US
DISCLOSUREHOME












Left to Right: Frank Pineno, Guy (Chip) Ford, Jeff Levin, Terri Borzelleca Fad, Dick Tashjian



Pineno Levin & Ford employees bring depth of experience and capabilities to the investment process. Our team has over 100 years combined experience in investment management.
Each of the portfolio managers is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), has a master’s degree in business and has successfully served in senior positions in the investment industry. These qualifications are enhanced by outside industry experience—the basis for our vantage point in making investment choices for the long-term.
And we take pride in our policy of investing our Principals' money in the same stocks we purchase for client portfolios.






Francis A. Pineno Frank has over 40 years investment industry experience, including eight years as President and CEO of a major regional brokerage and investment banking firm. He received a B.S., Operations Research, from Pennsylvania State University and his M.B.A., Finance, from Temple University.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.  Mr. Pineno is a Principal of the firm.






Jeffrey D. Levin Jeff has over 30 years investment industry experience, including Securities Analyst & Director of Research, and Investment Banker.  He also served as CFO for a publicly traded firm. He earned a B.S., Commerce with Distinction, from the University of Virginia and his M.B.A. from the University of Richmond.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.  Mr. Levin is a Principal of the firm.







Guy W. Ford (Chip) Chip has over 30 years investment industry experience, including Securities Analyst & Director of Research and Portfolio Manager. Previously, Chip worked for a large public accounting firm and earned his CPA designation. He earned an A.B. from Duke University and an M.B.A. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Mr. Ford holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation







M. Scott McFadden, Jr. Scott has over 40 years of investment experience primarily in portfolio management for high net worth individuals, foundations and endowments.  Scott started his career in the trust area of a regional bank and subsequently served as a portfolio manager for the investment management subsidiaries of a regional investment firm, a regional bank and finally, a privately-owned firm.  Scott received a B.S. in Mathematics from The Citadel and an M.B.A. from George Washington University.  He served in the U.S. Army attaining the rank of Captain.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.






Terri Borzelleca Fad Terri has over 25 years investment industry experience in research and administration for a major regional brokerage firm. She received a B.S., Psychology, from James Madison University.






www.pinenolevinford.comlocal: (804)288-3772 • toll-free: (888)297-3772 • fax: (804)288-6064 • email: info@pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.








Pineno Levin & Ford

















        ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLE
CLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONS


PL&F TEAM

DISCLOSURE

CONTACT US








Since 1994, Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management has provided personalized money management services to individuals, estates, families, foundations, endowments, and both corporate and individual retirement plans. Pineno Levin & Ford is an independent, employee-owned, SEC-registered investment advisor.

www.pinenolevinford.comlocal: (804)288-3772 • toll-free: (888)297-3772 • fax: (804)288-6064 • email: info@pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.





Pineno Levin & Ford

















        ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLE
CLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONS


PL&F TEAM

DISCLOSURE

CONTACT US








Since 1994, Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management has provided personalized money management services to individuals, estates, families, foundations, endowments, and both corporate and individual retirement plans. Pineno Levin & Ford is an independent, employee-owned, SEC-registered investment advisor.

www.pinenolevinford.comlocal: (804)288-3772 • toll-free: (888)297-3772 • fax: (804)288-6064 • email: info@pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.





Pineno Levin & Ford












ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLECLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONSPL&F TEAM
CONTACT US
DISCLOSUREHOME













Managing Assets for:

Individuals & Families
Trusts & Estates
Pensions & Profit-Sharing Plans
Foundations & Endowments

Since 1994, Pineno Levin & Ford Asset management has been providing personalized money management services to individuals, estates, families, foundations, endowments, and both corporate and individual retirement plans. We seek to achieve investment returns that allow our clients to reach their financial goals with lower-than-average market risk (volatility).
With this approach, our clients may experience less volatility in portfolio returns than that of the markets in general, helping reduce concern and stress. It also means that our clients may be able to include a greater percentage of their assets in equities (stocks), which historically have provided higher returns than bonds and cash.
Customized, individual service is made possible by our low ratio of professionals to clients. Currently, our professionals on average serve fewer than 50 clients each. So our clients can access their advisor at virtually any time with questions about their investments or for advice with financial-related issues. In addition, the firm seeks to manage taxable portfolios to reduce tax consequences and increase after-tax income. After all, what you keep is what counts.
This website provides general information about our services and people, but we encourage you to contact us at 804-288-3772 or 888-297-3772 to answer your specific questions or schedule an in-person meeting.




www.pinenolevinford.comlocal: (804)288-3772 • toll-free: (888)297-3772 • fax: (804)288-6064 • email: info@pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.







Pineno Levin & Ford











ABOUT THE FIRM
INVESTMENT STYLECLIENT SERVICE & COMMUNICATIONSPL&F TEAM
CONTACT US
DISCLOSUREHOME















Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management
7100 Forest Avenue, Suite 303Richmond, Virginia 23226 
LOCAL: (804)288-3772TOLL-FREE: (888)297-3772FAX: (804)288-6064
jeff@pinenolevinford.com





www.pinenolevinford.com©2006 Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management, Inc.






