

	1789 FUNDS Trademark of Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust. Serial Number: 86110192 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
1789 FUNDS










 
Get FREE email alerts













1789 FUNDS  Trademark Information
 Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust
Mutual fund investment; investment management services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
mutual   fund   investment   investment   management   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the 1789 FUNDS trademark by Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust 
                                in Fayetteville, NY, 13066.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this 1789 FUNDS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust of the 1789 FUNDS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the 1789 FUNDS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, November 05, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        1789 FUNDS by 
                        Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust, Fayetteville, NY  13066.
                        The USPTO has given the 1789 FUNDS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86110192.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for 1789 FUNDS is 
                        
                        
                                            BLAINE T. BETTINGER of 
                                            BOND, SCHOENECK & KING, PLLC,  1 LINCOLN CTR STE 1800, SYRACUSE, NY 13202-1355 
                                .
                            The 1789 FUNDS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for 1789 FUNDS 
                            is Mutual fund investment; investment management services. 
                            





Word mark:
 1789 FUNDS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/29/2015



  Serial Number:  
86110192


  Filing Date:  
11/5/2013


 Registration Number:  
4822754 


 Registration Date:  
9/29/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Mutual fund investment; investment management services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/13/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Pinnacle Capital Management Funds TrustFayetteville, NY  13066
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("FUNDS")


 Correspondent:


BLAINE T. BETTINGER
BOND, SCHOENECK & KING, PLLC
1 LINCOLN CTR STE 1800
SYRACUSE, NY 13202-1355






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/2/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
6/2/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your 1789 FUNDS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/29/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



BLAINE T. BETTINGER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of 1789 FUNDS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search 1789funds on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for 1789 FUNDS 




1789 FUNDS is providing Mutual fund investment; investment management services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













  PINBX Quote - Pinnacle Capital Management Balanced Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Pinnacle Capital Management Balanced Fund   PINBX:US      Acquired   PINBX:US was acquired by 8264390Z:US   USD             Fund Type   Open-End Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Moderate Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 08/27/2013)   6.385    Inception Date   07/26/2012    Last Dividend (on 07/31/2013)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   STEPHEN J FAUER "STEVE"    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   1.00%    12b-1 Fee   1.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.75%    Expense Ratio   1.99%                     Profile   Pinnacle Capital Management Balanced Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is long-term capital appreciation, current income, and preservation of capital. The Fund invests approximately 60% of its assets in equity securities and 40% of its assets in fixed income securities and cash equivalents.    Address  Pinnacle Capital Management LLC100 Limestone PlazaFayetteville, NY 13066   Phone  1-315-234-9716 Tel   Website   www.pcm-advisors.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Executive Team – Pinnacle Funds 



























































 


                    Call us :  1.844.822.8595                


                    Mail us :  info@pinnaclefunds.ca                













Search for:



 






 Welcome to Pinnacle Asset Management (PAM)a division of Pinnacle Wealth Brokers Inc.Know MoreWork with the Best TeamPinnacle prides itself on adding value through its research and due diligence process when evaluating potential offerings. Pinnacle has Chartered Financial Analysts on staff, in-house legal counsel and a prominent Portfolio Manager heading the Corporate Finance team.Learn MoreWork with UsPinnacle is always looking for attractive investment opportunities. Partner with us! Or, if you are looking to raise capital, we can help you.Learn More  




Executive Team
Pinnacle Absolute Return Trustee Corp. , is the trustee of PART (the Trustee). The officers and directors of the Trustee and their bios are set out below.
Darvin Zurfluh, RFC, CFP, FMA, FCSI
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Darvin Zurfluh founded Pinnacle Wealth Brokers Inc. in 2009. Starting his career in the banking industry, Darvin has gained over 15 years of experience in the financial sector and is a pioneer in the exempt market industry. Since inception, Pinnacle has been recognized as one of the top growth companies in Canada by Profit Magazine as well as one of the Fast 50 Growth companies by Alberta Venture Magazine. Darvin is also a founding sponsor of the National Exempt Market Association, and Founder and Director of the Pinnacle 20/20 Foundation.
Wes Mills, MBA, CFA
Vice President and Director
Wes Mills is the Chief Investment Officer for Pinnacle Wealth Brokers (Pinnacle) Inc., one of Canada’s leading Exempt Market Dealers. Wes has more than 30 years’ experience as an investment professional in trade finance, foreign exchange, derivatives, portfolio management and asset allocation in both traditional and alternative assets.  He was the Chief Investment Officer for Scotia Private Client Group, their discretionary high net worth division, where he was responsible for up to $45bln in assets under management.
Wes has been with Pinnacle for over two years and was also the Chief Compliance Officer until Jan 2017 where he remains on the Executive Compliance Committee. He currently manages the Pinnacle Absolute Return Trust (PART), a diversified private debt fund and a long short equity fund in conjunction with Fiera Capital.
Wes graduated from the University of Saskatchewan with a Bachelor of Commerce and an MBA. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and a member of the Toronto Society of Financial Analysts. Wes has three boys and they keep him very active with their sports activities.
(#20170405A)
Brian Koscak, M.A., CIP, LL.B, J.D., LL.M
President, Director and Secretary
Brian Koscak, President and General Counsel, oversees operations, compliance and legal functions at Pinnacle. Brian has extensive experience in corporate and securities law with an emphasis on private and public transactions, investment funds and securities compliance matters. Currently, Brian is also the Vice-Chair of the Private Capital Markets Association of Canada and a member of the Ontario Securities Commision’s Exempt Market Advisory Committee and the Alberta Securities Commission’s Exempt Market Dealer Advisory Committee.
Lloyd McDonald
Vice President and Director
Lloyd McDonald is Pinnacle’s Vice President of Business Development and second largest shareholder. Lloyd joined the firm in 2010 and under his direction Pinnacle has experienced rapid growth. Top producers from other firms are now calling Lloyd to find out how to join Pinnacle. In addition to working with Pinnacle’s sales teams across the country to build national distribution. Lloyd oversees Pinnacle’s marketing initiatives. In addition, he is a member of the Pinnacle’s Corporate Finance Group and Product Review Commitee that performs due diligence and approves new investment opportunities. Lloyd’s areas of expertise including managing business-to-business, business analysis, business/marketing plan creation, as well as strategic planning and execution.



































				MENU			



Home
About Us

Executive Team
Pinnacle Corporate Finance and Research Division
Fund Administration


PART

PART FAQ


How to Work with Us
Contact Us
Login


 


 



Ultimus Fund Solutions Chosen by Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust to Provide Fund Administration Services | Business Wire
























































Ultimus Fund Solutions Chosen by Pinnacle Capital Management Funds 
      Trust to Provide Fund Administration Services




Firm Looks to Leverage Ultimus Expertise for 1789 Growth and Income 
      Fund






July 08, 2014 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLC (Ultimus) announced today that it has been 
      selected by Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust to provide fund 
      accounting, fund administration and transfer agent services for the 
      Trust’s 1789 Growth and Income Fund. Pinnacle will look to leverage 
      Ultimus’ deep industry expertise as it pursues innovative sales and 
      marketing strategies designed to drive the fund’s growth. This is the 
      latest in a series of wins for Ultimus as the firm continues to 
      establish itself as a leader in the mutual fund administration space.
    


      Pinnacle pointed to Ultimus’ distribution expertise, deep industry 
      knowledge and scalable technology solutions as key factors in the 
      selection process. The firm’s ability to partner with Pinnacle on its 
      soon-to-be-announced sales and marketing initiative was also an 
      important factor in the decision.
    

      “Pinnacle has some innovative opportunities for their 1789 Growth and 
      Income Fund and we’re excited to partner with them to make sure they 
      reach their full potential,” said Bob Dorsey, Co-Founder and Managing 
      Director at Ultimus. “They’re looking at some new distribution and 
      partnership strategies and we’re confident our deep experience in the 
      space will help them navigate the process more effectively and 
      efficiently. We look forward to helping them grow the fund and their 
      firm for a long time to come.”
    

      “When we were going through the selection process it was clear that 
      Ultimus has a level of expertise that would be invaluable to us as we 
      look to grow our fund,” Joseph Masella, CEO of Pinnacle Capital 
      Management, LLC said. “We’re exploring some unique sales and marketing 
      opportunities and we believe Ultimus will be of great help to us. We 
      really see them as a strategic partner that can help us through this 
      process and beyond.”
    

      Pinnacle Capital Management is a boutique investment management firm 
      with more than $100 million in AUM as of March 31, 2014. The company 
      specializes in managing equity portfolios.
    

About Ultimus Fund SolutionsUltimus Fund Solutions provides 
      highly customized and comprehensive mutual fund services to small-and 
      medium-sized fund groups. The company offers mutual fund startup and 
      organization services, fund administration and distribution, fund 
      accounting and pricing, and transfer agent and shareholder services for 
      both open-end and closed-end funds. Ultimus’ broad range of services are 
      performed by teams of CPAs, attorneys, paralegals and other 
      professionals with a wealth of mutual fund experience.
    

      For more information, visit http://www.ultimusfundsolutions.com/.
    


Contacts

      Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLCRobert G. Dorsey, Managing Director, 
      513-587-3401bdorsey@ultimusfundsolutions.com














Release Summary
Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLC announced today that it has been selected by Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust to provide mutual fund services for the 1789 Growth and Income Fund.






Contacts

      Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLCRobert G. Dorsey, Managing Director, 
      513-587-3401bdorsey@ultimusfundsolutions.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















About Us – Pinnacle Funds 



























































 


                    Call us :  1.844.822.8595                


                    Mail us :  info@pinnaclefunds.ca                













Search for:



 






 Welcome to Pinnacle Asset Management (PAM)a division of Pinnacle Wealth Brokers Inc.Know MoreWork with the Best TeamPinnacle prides itself on adding value through its research and due diligence process when evaluating potential offerings. Pinnacle has Chartered Financial Analysts on staff, in-house legal counsel and a prominent Portfolio Manager heading the Corporate Finance team.Learn MoreWork with UsPinnacle is always looking for attractive investment opportunities. Partner with us! Or, if you are looking to raise capital, we can help you.Learn More  






About Us
What is Pinnacle Absolute Return Trust?
The Pinnacle Absolute Return Trust or “PART” was created by Pinnacle Asset Management to create an offering that allows our investors to access both public and private investment strategies in a single investment entity. PART provides the investor with the ability to diversify their portfolio into public and private assets while leveraging an absolute return strategy.
Investment Options
PART offers two different classes of units to allow Dealing Representatives and their clients to customize their allocation between a public and private portfolio, based on the investor’s needs.
Investment Thesis
PART seeks to provide investors with a positive return through a combination of two separate portfolios, a private portfolio largely for income with limited capital gains and a public portfolio largely for capital gains.
Pinnacle is the Portfolio Manager of PART, while Fiera Capital is the Portfolio Manager of the Fiera Long/Short Fund, the Public Portfolio for PART.
 
 
 


































				MENU			



Home
About Us

Executive Team
Pinnacle Corporate Finance and Research Division
Fund Administration


PART

PART FAQ


How to Work with Us
Contact Us
Login


 


 




Pinnacle














































 


















WELCOME TO Pinnacle


Pinnacle is a leading Australian-based multi-affiliate investment management firm. Our mission is to establish, grow and support a diverse stable of world-class investment management firms.
 
Pinnacle currently consists of seven investment affiliates that collectively manage approximately A$26 billion in assets across a diverse range of asset classes. Pinnacle provides distribution and other support services to its affiliates and a select number of aligned investment managers.
 




Latest News





	                          25 May 2017	                      

Antipodes Partners takes out three awards at 2017 . . .




	                          09 May 2017	                      

Spheria Australian Microcap Fund delivers outstan . . .




	                          05 May 2017	                      

Plato Income Maximiser lists on the ASX




	                          26 Apr 2017	                      

PL8 IPO closes oversubscribed at over $320m




	                          27 Feb 2017	                      

Celebrating 10 Years of Global Listed Real Estate . . .




	                          20 Feb 2017	                      

AFR: Don Hamson: fundie protecting pensioners




	                          16 Feb 2017	                      

AFR: Antipodes puts faith in European banks




	                          09 Feb 2017	                      

Media Release: Palisade Investment Partners award . . .




	                          01 Feb 2017	                      

Media Release: Pinnacle expands distribution team . . .




	                          23 Jan 2017	                      

Investor Presentation – Takeover offer for  . . .




	                          23 Jan 2017	                      

Pinnacle Capital Raising and Announcement of Take . . .




	                          15 Dec 2016	                      

AFR: Plato readies income fund for the ASX boards




	                          30 Nov 2016	                      

Media Release: Up to 300k part-pensioners likely  . . .




	                          25 Nov 2016	                      

ASX CEO Session with Ian Macoun (ASX:PNI)




	                          08 Nov 2016	                      

Distributor of the Year awarded to Pinnacle Inves . . .




	                          18 Oct 2016	                      

Media Release: Antipodes Global LIC debuts on the ASX




	                          10 Oct 2016	                      

Pinnacle’s affiliate managers recognised at . . .




	                          06 Oct 2016	                      

Media Release: Antipodes Global LIC closes above  . . .




	                          26 Sep 2016	                      

Media Release: Antipodes Global Investment Compan . . .




	                          20 Sep 2016	                      

Antipodes Global Investment Company Limited excee . . .





View All >



















 










Privacy Policy
 
Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited (‘Pinnacle’) understands and appreciates that you, as a visitor to our website (‘the Site’), are concerned about the confidentiality and security of information that Pinnacle may collect about you. Pinnacle is committed to providing you with information on our services within a secure and confidential online environment.
 
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
 
We will not collect any information that identifies you as an individual unless you knowingly provide it to us. Any personal information you supply will be used only in accordance with this Privacy Statement and our Privacy Policy. If you browse on the Site, read or download information, our system will record the date and time of your visit and the pages viewed and information downloaded.
 
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
 
Any information we collect from you via the Site, may be used by any entity carrying out functions on behalf of Pinnacle and its related entities for:

the purpose of enabling Pinnacle to provide services or information to you in accordance with your requests or reasonable expectations;
the purposes of enabling Pinnacle to undertake research, planning, product development, risk assessment, risk modelling and marketing; and
any other purpose required by or to the extent permitted by law.

We will only disclose personal information to third party entities carrying out functions on behalf of Pinnacle and its related entities on a confidential basis. You should note that information we collect from you may also be disclosed to third parties if that disclosure is required by or to the extent permitted by law.
 
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
 
Pinnacle takes reasonable steps to preserve the security of personal information it collects via the Site. Pinnacle cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from our online products or services and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable steps to preserve the security of information on our own system. From time to time the Site may contain links to other websites. Pinnacle is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites.
 
COOKIES
 
A cookie is a small data file placed on your computer by Pinnacle’s server. A cookie contains information about your visit to the Site. When you visit the Site again, our server will look for the cookie and structure itself based on the information provided. A cookie identifies your computer to our web server when you visit the Site. We do not use the cookie to store personal information about you. Pinnacle uses browser cookies to improve the speed and reliability of our security system. It is recommended that you turn off any cookie warnings in your browser before using this Site, otherwise you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Site.
 
ACCEPTANCE AND CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENT
 
You acknowledge and accept that your use of the Site indicates your acceptance of the Site’s terms and conditions of use and this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time, so please check back occasionally. Any information collected after an amended Privacy Statement has been posted on the Site will be subject to that amended Privacy Statement.
 
ACCESS AND UPDATING OF INFORMATION
 
You are able to access and update the personal information that we hold about you at any time. To amend personal information that Pinnacle holds, you should contact our Privacy Officer:
 
By mail:            PO Box R1313
Royal Exchange NSW 1225
By email:          teamcompliance@pinnacleinvestment.com.au
By phone:         1300 360 306
 
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US
 
If you have any questions or feedback about this Privacy Statement, require a copy of our Privacy Policy or have any privacy issues concerning Pinnacle, please contact our Privacy Officer, Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited, in writing to PO Box R1313, Royal Exchange NSW 1225 or email to teamcompliance@pinnacleinvestment.com.au.
 
 Back >


Disclaimer
						 
The information on this website was prepared by Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited (Pinnacle). The information contained on this website is for information purposes only and is not an offer or invitation for subscription or purchase or a recommendation with respect to any security in PNI. The information should not be considered financial product advice. It is not intended to be used as the basis for making an investment decision. The information on this website has been prepared without taking account of any person’s objectives, financial situation or needs. Persons considering action on the basis of information on this website are to contact their financial adviser for individual advice in the light of their particular circumstances. Past performance is not a reliable indication of future performance.
 
While Pinnacle believes the information and opinions contained on this website are based on reliable information, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is given as to their accuracy, fairness or completeness and persons relying on this information do so at their own risk. Subject to any liability which cannot be excluded under the relevant laws, Pinnacle and its related bodies corporate, its directors, employees and agents disclaim all liability to any person relying on the information contained on this website in respect of any loss or damage (including consequential loss or damage), however caused, which may be suffered or arise directly or indirectly in respect of such information. Any projections contained in any documents or communication posted on this website are estimates only and may not be realised in the future. Unauthorised use, copying, distribution, replication, posting, transmitting, publication, display, or reproduction in whole or in part of the information contained on the website is prohibited without obtaining prior written permission from Pinnacle.
 Back >


Financial Services Guide (FSG)


Download FSG [PDF]
 
Back >

















 
















Pinnacle selects Ultimus to provide fund admin services | Institutional Asset Manager










































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 
 


Login
Register
 
 










Sign up for free newsletter 





Market Trends




 





news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs




 





HomeNewsArticles and Features

  


Tweet  

Tweet  




 


Pinnacle selects Ultimus to provide fund admin services

Wed, 09/07/2014 - 11:05 
Tags
						: 
Articles and Features











Pinnacle Capital Management Funds Trust has selected Ultimus Fund Solutions to provide fund accounting, fund administration and transfer agent services for the trust’s 1789 Growth and Income Fund.
Pinnacle will look to leverage Ultimus’ industry expertise as it pursues sales and marketing strategies designed to drive the fund’s growth.
 
“Pinnacle has some innovative opportunities for their 1789 Growth and Income Fund and we’re excited to partner with them to make sure they reach their full potential,” says Bob Dorsey, co-founder and managing director at Ultimus. “They’re looking at some new distribution and partnership strategies and we’re confident our deep experience in the space will help them navigate the process more effectively and efficiently. We look forward to helping them grow the fund and their firm for a long time to come.”
 
“When we were going through the selection process it was clear that Ultimus has a level of expertise that would be invaluable to us as we look to grow our fund,” says Joseph Masella, CEO of Pinnacle Capital Management. “We’re exploring some unique sales and marketing opportunities and we believe Ultimus will be of great help to us. We really see them as a strategic partner that can help us through this process and beyond.”







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 


 







Furtherreading
	

from Institutional Asset Manager  
Best wishes for 2017 from the Global Fund Media team
Fri 23/12/2016 - 08:30


Best wishes for 2016 from the Global Fund Media team
Wed 23/12/2015 - 08:00


Low rates and new regulations keep market conditions challenging, says Greenwich Associates
Wed 23/07/2014 - 12:01


Sluggish performance from largest FTSE firms weighs heavily on dividend growth, says Capita
Mon 21/07/2014 - 12:08


Institutional and retail investors diverge in their response to Janet Yellen’s testimony
Mon 21/07/2014 - 10:05



from our other sites 

Hedgeweek USA Awards 2015 – last chance to vote
Thu 25/06/2015 - 10:40


Hedgeweek Global Awards 2015 – Voting now closed
Thu 15/01/2015 - 08:19


Beringea’s portfolio company Abzena raises GBP20m through AIM listing
Wed 23/07/2014 - 08:59


Gottex reports positive performance for alternative and multi-asset product lines
Tue 22/07/2014 - 13:01


Barclay CTA Index gains 0.63 per cent in June
Tue 22/07/2014 - 12:06



 
 







 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 
 
Guide to Relocation 2017
Mon, 2017-02-20 14:43

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
SEI: Blockchain & building ecosystems in financial services  
Fri, 2017-07-14 10:06

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Investment opportunities in infrastructure debt
Thu, 2017-05-18 12:11

 
 
Cayman Alternative Investment Summit 2017
Wed, 2017-05-03 12:57

 
 
Bermuda Fund Services 2017
Fri, 2017-03-24 10:55

 
 
Switzerland Hedge Funds 2017
Mon, 2017-03-27 13:53

 
 
Ireland Alternative Investment Fund Services
Mon, 2017-02-06 10:29

 

Awards 
 
Hedgeweek Global Awards 2017
Thu, 2017-04-06 14:14


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: Credit | Fixed Income Alternative Investing 
 Monday, October 16, 2017 - 12:30  

 The African Real Estate and Infrastructure Summit 
 Wednesday, October 25, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs

Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved


