

Pinnacle Holding Company, LLC





















Pinnacle Holding Company, LLC Announces Two New Board MembersDario Vacco Named Chief Executive Officer of Confidential PlanningPinnacle Holding Company Promotes Elizabeth Bartlett to Chief Business Development OfficerPinnacle Investments, LLC. Opens Philadelphia Location; Welcomes Robert Beck as Financial AdvisorPinnacle Investments Hires Brian Campbell to Establish "Broker's Broker"PCM Commentary on President Elect Donald Trump.Pinnacle Capital Management Welcomes Paul A. Tryon, CFA. Investment advisor bolsters professional-advisory lineup.Rita Marble Joins Pinnacle Employee Services as Director of Employer SolutionsPinnacle's Commentary on Brexit vote and market reactionPinnacle Investments, LLC Launches Digital Investment Technology, Partners with Food Bank of Central New YorkRyan W. York Named CEO of Pinnacle Investments, LLC.Eric Krouse Named Chief Operating Officer of Pinnacle Holding Co., LLCBusiness leader Gregg Kidd aims to improve entrepreneurship in CNYFormer Senior Compliance Officer of State Street Bank and Trust Joins Pinnacle Investments, LLCSyracuseFirst and Pinnacle Employee Services Announce Joint VenturePinnacle Investments to launch $100 million venture fundPinnacle Holding Company, LLC is pleased to announce that Jeffrey S. Blitz has joined the firm in a dual role.Pinnacle Holding Company is proud to announce that for the third year in a row we have been named one of the Best Places to Work in Central New York.Ryan W. York named CEO of Confidential Planning I, LLC.Pinnacle Names Chip Schroder its Chief Marketing OfficerFor the Second Year in a Row, Pinnacle is Ranked the #1 Best Place to Work in Central New York!Pinnacle's Growth & Income Fund ranked #1 in its category by the Wall St. JournalSusan Griffith joins Pinnacle as Assistant Regional ManagerPinnacle Holding Company, LLC has appointed Roberta Scanlon to its Board of DirectorsPinnacle Holding Company, LLC has appointed Bridget Ball Shaw to its Board of DirectorsCNY Business Journal Spotlights Pinnacle's Remarkable GrowthJames A. Mirabito, MBA Moves Wealth Management Practice To PinnaclePinnacle Ranked #1 Business To Work For in Central New YorkPinnacle Investments, LLC is pleased to announce that Stephen Y.L. Chow has moved his wealth management practice to their Syracuse, NY office.Pinnacle Named A Top Ten Best Company to Work for in Central New York Pinnacle Receives Strategic InvestmentMatthew Jacob Moves Wealth Management and Tax Strategies Business to Pinnacle and Joins BoardJoseph Masella Named CEO of Pinnacle Capital ManagementRiverwood Capital Co-Founder Thomas J. Smach Joins Pinnacle's Board of Directors, Bringing Global Management Experience to the Firm









ClientLogin

























Pinnacle Holding Company
Pinnacle Investments
Pinnacle Capital Management
Pinnacle Solutions
Pinnacle Confidential Planning
Pinnacle Employee Services
Board of Directors


6 Companies.
One Mission.
“Get you
to the
very top.”




Management











About Pinnacle SolutionsContact Us

Pinnacle Solutions provides clients with strategic planning options for their wealth preservation and
estate planning.





Get Started (Enrollment Forms)Individual   - Top 10 Reasons   - Save The Right Way   - Links   - FAQ'sAdministrator / About Confidential Planning   - Things You Should Know   - Multi Choice Single Provider Plan   - Multi Choice Multiple Provider PlanContact Us

An independent financial services company specializing in retirement planning and investment advice. We focus on the unique financial needs of educators & employees.








Dalton  AxenfeldElizabeth  BartlettRobert  CuculichMichael  CuddyMark  HansenGregg  KiddEric  KrouseJoseph  MasellaDaniel  ModyDaniel  RaiteBridget  ShawThomas  SmachRyan  York

6 Companies.
One Mission.
“Get you
to the
very top.”











Who We Are
The Pinnacle Difference
Voted #1 Place to Work
Core Values
History


The Pinnacle Family of Companies is different.
 
You’ll see and feel that difference on your very first visit. Our advisors are top in their field. They are friendly and focused. Our support staff is second to none. All of our associates enjoy a supportive work environment and a flexible work life. They are encouraged to volunteer and participate in their community. They are also encouraged to keep growing through on-going training, education & mentorship.


Who We Are
 

We are a firm that understands our people are our most important asset. By believing in our people being the best at what they do our clients and everyone that interacts with us is dealt with in a professional and courteous manner.
 
We also care deeply about our reputation and the people that work for us understand how hard it is to achieve a great reputation as well as how quickly it can be damaged. We strive every day in everything we do to live up to the highest expectations our clients, colleagues, and business partners have come to expect from us.
 
We will encourage and allow our people to pursue as much professional growth as they aspire for and to grow along with our company. We believe lifting people brings satisfaction which allows individuals to have a positive impact not just at work but in the community at large.
 
We treat our people as professionals and adults. We reject the notion that adults need to be watched and tracked on a daily basis. Our people work as a team and those that are focused on themselves can expect to be held accountable by colleagues. Our people understand working as a team is more productive than individual pursuits.





The Pinnacle Family of Companies is different.
 
You’ll see and feel that difference on your very first visit. Our advisors are top in their field. They are friendly and focused. Our support staff is second to none. All of our associates enjoy a supportive work environment and a flexible work life. They are encouraged to volunteer and participate in their community. They are also encouraged to keep growing through on-going training, education & mentorship.




Pinnacle Holding Company is proud to announce that for the second year in a row we have been named the #1 Best Place
to Work in Central New York.
 
“While being recognized last year as the Best Place to Work in Central New York was a tribute to all members of the Pinnacle Family, winning the number one ranking again in 2014, the second year in a row, is incredibly satisfying and reinforces the success of the culture we have developed”
 
- Gregg Kidd, CEO of Pinnacle Holding Company.




Timeline
 









The Pinnacle Family of Companies’ core values reflect our commitment to you and what is truly important to us as an organization. Click to read more about our values.
 










Why Pinnacle
What We Do
Let's Talk


At Pinnacle, we are all about you! Your goals. Your needs. Your concerns. Your money. Your family. Your business. Your time. We are not beholden to Wall Street or some big banking concern that puts its wants and needs above yours. Our only agenda is to help you reach the very top. We work the way you want us to! Our family of companies offer an unbeatable combination of synergistic services that can support individuals, business and other organizations. From comprehensive wealth management to human resources management, no other firm has the resources or provides the one-on-one connection that our advisors and consultants deliver. After all, at Pinnacle, we are all about you!


At Pinnacle, we are all about you! Your goals. Your needs. Your concerns. Your money. Your family. Your business. Your time. We are not beholden to Wall Street or some big banking concern that puts its wants and needs above yours. Our only agenda is to help you reach the very top. We work the way you want us to! Our family of companies offer an unbeatable combination of synergistic services that can support individuals, business and other organizations. From comprehensive wealth management to human resources management, no other firm has the resources or provides the one-on-one connection that our advisors and consultants deliver. After all, at Pinnacle, we are all about you!




The Pinnacle Family of Companies provides comprehensive solutions to meet the financial needs of individual and commercial investors. Whether saving for the future or seeking income today. Investments, sophisticated estate planning solutions, wealth and tax planning, services for businesses, estates, trusts and turnkey retirement plans.
 
We also provide a suite of supporting services such as human resource management, payroll processing, insurance and more.




Let's Talk 
 

















Financial Advisors
Current Job Openings


The Pinnacle Family of Companies is on the grow! We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with employees throughout New York State and beyond. The Pinnacle Family of Companies is a great place to take your career. If you are a friendly, caring, dedicated and intelligent team player who wants to continue to enhance your professional skills, then we want to hear from you!
 
Check out the opportunities for Financial Advisors as well as a variety of other job listings.


Pinnacle is always on the look out for talented, driven and friendly individuals to join our team of experienced Financial Advisors.
 
We offer qualified advisors the opportunity to thrive and grow in a supportive and professional environment.
 
Do you have what it takes to become a member of the Pinnacle Investment Advisor family?
 
Just click here for more information.






We are always interested in hearing from qualified candidates including clerical, administrative support, client relations and other financial service professionals. Please click here to send us your resume and cover letter in .PDF format.
 
Thank you for your interest.




Director of First Impressions (Temp to Perm) •  Syracuse, NY
A Director of First Impressions is an enthusiastic, dynamic individual that has the ability to greet people and make them feel comfortable the moment they step in our doors. Their positive and delightful attitude allows our clients and business colleagues to know they are important to us, whether they are standing in our lobby or calling on the phone. This person will take pride in the fact they are the first impression, they greet all visitors professionally, courteously and respectfully.


Responsibilities Include:

Professionally greet, direct and announce visitors/clients appropriately
Answer, screen and forward incoming phone calls while providing basic information when needed
Maintain clean and organized desk/area
Scheduling of conference room appointments with clients and wholesalers
Open and distribute mail
Manage and order office supplies
Improve efficiency of office
Provide general administrative support including but not limited to assistance with mailings, operations department, client service department when needed.



Required Skills:

Associates Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Previous financial office experience is a plus.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Programs (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint)
Ability to work in a dynamic and changing environment, while staying organized and focused
Excellent verbal and written skills
A self-starter, independent thinker, with the ability to work in a team environment
Strong work ethic, eager to succeed, and enjoys taking on tasks to support the company
Please click here to send us your resume and cover letter in .PDF format.












Pinnacle is headquartered 
in Syracuse - the heart of 
Central New York. Just minutes 
from Hancock International Airport
and the NYS Thruway.


Pinnacle Holding Company
Corporate Address:
507 Plum Street, Suite 120
Syracuse, NY 13204
 
Toll Free: 1 (800) 982-0421
Phone: (315) 251-1101
Fax: (315) 251-1110
 
Driving Directions
Email Us








Companies

Pinnacle Holding Company
Pinnacle Investments
Pinnacle Capital Management
Pinnacle Solutions
Pinnacle Confidential Planning
Pinnacle Employee Services
Board of Directors
News
Client Login


Culture

Who We Are
The Pinnacle Difference
Voted #1 Place to Work
History


Clients

Why Pinnacle
What We Do
Let's Talk


Careers

Financial Advisors
Current Job Postings


Contact Us





















Pinnacle Employee Services




Pinnacle Employee Services

Services:

Employee Leasing
Payroll
Benefits Administration
401(k) plan sponsor
Health Insurance
Workers Compensation
HR Consulting


Learn More









Pinnacle Investments




Pinnacle Investments

Products & Services:

Equities (stocks) & Bonds
Mutual Funds
Variable Annuities
Private Placements
Individual Portfolio Management


Learn More









Pinnacle Capital Management




Pinnacle Capital Management

Portfolio Management:

Separately Managed accounts
Institutional Portfolios
High Net-worth Individuals

Mutual Funds:

Equity-income Mutual fund

Private Funds:

PAGGE
NY Safe


Learn More









Pinnacle Solutions




Pinnacle Solutions

Products:

Life insurance
Fixed (Intermediate) Annuities
Long-term Care

Services:

Estate Planning
Financial Planning


Learn More









Pinnacle Confidential Planning




Pinnacle Confidential Planning

Single provider plans:

SmartChoice 403(b) Plans

Multi-Vendor Plans:

MultiChoice 403(b) Solutions


Learn More









Ascend by Pinnacle


Learn More




































Pinnacle Agriculture / Home


































































          








X- Enter Your Location - - or - Get your current location























Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:54 AM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC, an agricultural retail distributor, provides crop inputs for agricultural growers in the United States. The company’s operations include seed production and sales, agricultural chemical distribution, bulk handling of fertilizer, and precision agriculture services; and general merchandise for the farming, livestock, and wildlife industries. It operates as a wholesale distributor of information, products, and technologies to retailers; farm supply distribution business; and provides unmatched fertilizer and crop protection chemical products. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Loveland, Colorado. It has locations in Tutwiler, Mississippi; Town Cr...
Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC, an agricultural retail distributor, provides crop inputs for agricultural growers in the United States. The company’s operations include seed production and sales, agricultural chemical distribution, bulk handling of fertilizer, and precision agriculture services; and general merchandise for the farming, livestock, and wildlife industries. It operates as a wholesale distributor of information, products, and technologies to retailers; farm supply distribution business; and provides unmatched fertilizer and crop protection chemical products. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Loveland, Colorado. It has locations in Tutwiler, Mississippi; Town Creek, Belle Mina, and Opp, Alabama; and Wynne, Arizona.
Detailed Description


4850 Hahns Peak DriveSuite 200Loveland, CO 38103United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 970-800-4300

www.pinnacleag.com







Key Executives for Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC




Mr. Larry Kenneth Cordell Jr.


      	Chief Executive Officer & President
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. David Wesley Bullock


      	CFO & Executive VP
      


Age: 52
        







Ms. Beverly S. Gates


      	Executive VP, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
      








Mr. Michael J. Steffeck


      	Executive Vice President of Procurement & Product Strategy
      








Mr. Dean M. Williams


      	Executive Vice President of Distribution
      


Age: 52
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC, please visit www.pinnacleag.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Pinnacle Oil







About Pinnacle
Specialized programs
Contact us






Passenger Car Engline Oil
Heavy-Duty Diesel Engine Oil
Transmission and Drivetrain Fluid
Industrial Oils
Gear Oil
Specialty Products



SUPERIOR LUBRICANTS

FOR ENGINE, COMMERCIAL, AND INDUSTRIAL APPLICATIONS




Specialized Programs
Private label lubricant marketers
Major oil marketers
OEM and industrial accounts
Bulk lubricant marketers
National brand lubricants


Featured Products 
National Synthetic (European)
National Full Synthetic Multi-Vehicle ATF
National Multi-Vehicle ATF
National Synthetic Dexos1
Pro Ultra 15W40 CJ-4

 
 
About  Pinnacle
Pinnacle  Oil Holdings LLC is a fully integrated, independent lubricant manufacturer and packager  located in Indianapolis, Indiana.   Started in 1987, Pinnacle is your comprehensive  source for superior quality lubricant  products and services.  We are committed  to producing only quality lubricants that meet or exceed the latest industry  standards with competitive pricing and service unparalleled in the industry. 
We  offer a full line of products, including:


 Automotive
Heavy Duty Diesel 
Transmission and Drivetrain 
Industrial
Commercial  Lubricants.  


Our capabilities that differentiate us from the competition, include:

World-class technical expertise
Industry-leading customer service
Focus on quality and adherence to the latest API specifications
Packaging capabilities ranging from 3.2 ounce bottles to full rail car shipments
Global shipping capabilities.


Pinnacle serves Private Label Marketers, Major Oil Marketers, Bulk  Lubricant Marketers, and OEM/Specialty accounts.  Our customers are assured a level of quality  and service that makes them proud to place there name on products produced by  Pinnacle.
Pinnacle conducts all  aspects of its operations with the highest regard to ethics and integrity on  behalf of its customers, shareholders, employees and suppliers.
 


Š 2003-2016 Pinnacle Oil Holdings LLC. All rights reserved.
      Pinnacle Oil - superior lubricants for engine, commercial, and industrial applications.













Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC, announces the launch of Providence Agriculture | Sanders






















Skip to main content





Search the site


Search 






Sanders, Before Seed, Beyond Harvest

OptiGro
Location

Enter a zip code









 



Current Weather



Live Futures Market



Current Location Information


Enter a zip code









You are hereCompany   /   News   /   Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC, announces the launch of Providence Agriculture
Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC, announces the launch of Providence Agriculture



Wednesday, October 2, 2013 - 
Memphis, TN, October 2, 2013, - Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC (“Pinnacle” or the “Company”), is excited to announce the launch of Providence Agriculture, a new agriculture retail brand. The introduction of Providence Agriculture expands the retail presence of Pinnacle and will provide farmers with access to industry-leading precision agriculture services in addition to seed, crop protection and fertilizer products.
Providence Agriculture is the newest addition to the Pinnacle family of retail brands and will complement Pinnacle’s existing brands including Jimmy Sanders, the company’s flagship retail brand in the southern United States. Providence Agriculture will focus on the eastern United States.  Expansion efforts are currently underway that will increase Providence Agriculture’s brand presence.
As part of the Pinnacle family, Providence Agriculture is committed to the following core principles:
Grower Success
Integrity
Innovation
Community & Country
Providence Agriculture will offer precision agriculture services and data analysis through OptiGro, a proprietary web-based system exclusive to Pinnacle retail brands. OptiGro tools and services uniquely combine all elements of producing a successful crop from variable rate fertility recommendations to seed selection and crop protection inputs. All OptiGro precision agriculture recommendations must first be proven on-farm to ensure an improved return on investment for the grower.
The leadership team of Providence Agriculture, led by Brand President Rad Page, includes Mark Montgomery in Virginia, Todd Louiso in Indiana and Jack Quinn in Florida.  The team brings many years of experience in the agriculture retail business and is excited to build a best-in-class agriculture retail brand that continues to put growers first.  Rad Page said, “We are excited to introduce growers to Providence, and we look forward to earning their business.  It is our intention to assist growers in reducing their crop risk, solving their production problems and lowering their cost per unit of production by utilizing data from actual farms.”
Providence Agriculture:  Full-service, Farm Input, Precision Agriculture and Supply Services
For more information, contact:
Rad Page
Brand President
Providence Agriculture
(803) 546-7107rad.page@providenceag.com
Andrew Duff
Vice President of Marketing
Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC
(901) 405-0568andrew.duff@paghllc.com
About Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC
Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings, LLC was established in mid-2012 by a management team led by Kenny Cordell and financed by Apollo Global Management, LLC. Its mission is to create a best-in-class national retail distribution business through acquisitions and greenfield retail establishment. For more information, visit www.pinnaclead.com.




News Archive


2015

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010












Pinnacle Holdings, LLC                                                                                                   - Orem                                              , UT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



UT



Orem



Holding Companies, Nec



Holding Companies, Nec



                            Pinnacle Holdings, LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Pinnacle Holdings, LLC                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



324 N 360 E OREM, UT 84057
Get Directions



(801) 226-0413
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated UT
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Holding Companies, Nec
 Contacts O D Robert B Tidrick                                                                                                    







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Pinnacle Holdings, Llc                                                                                                   was founded in 2010, and is located at 324 N 360 E in Orem. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting O D Robert B Tidrick                                                                                                     at (801) 226-0413. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC 509 N Sharpe Ave Cleveland, MS Agricultural Products - MapQuest







































































































    Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC
  

509 N Sharpe Ave

Cleveland
MS
38732




 Reviews



(662) 907-1111
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





























Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC | US Business Executive




















Skip to main content




 








About Us
Case Studies
Journal Archives
Executive Team
Media Info
Blog
Contact
Subscribe
In The News
 




        


 
 






 





Search form

Search 





 

 
 






Icons

Construction
Manufacturing
Energy & Power
Healthcare
Technology
Food & Drink
Hospitality & Gaming
Legal Services
Mining & Exploration
Agriculture
Sports & Outdoors
 

 









Home
Case Studies
 

 
 




You are hereHome » Agriculture » Case studies » Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC 



Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC 





Providing quality product and technology solutions to growers throughout the U.S. 






Written by: Jeanee DudleyProduced by: James LoganFew businesses grow by chance — and Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC is no exception to the rule. For more than three years, the steadily expanding family of brands has grown by acquisition and greenfield expansion in order to bring a strong line of products and services to growers throughout the U.S. Since launching in 2012, Pinnacle has expanded to include several geographically significant distribution and warehousing centers, designed to keep product in stock and at the ready for retail locations and producer customers all over the country.
Kenny Cordell, CEO of Pinnacle, has more than 35 years of experience in the industry. Throughout his lengthy career, he has held executive and management positions with a number of major agricultural supply companies. He works closely with an experienced and talented leadership team, including Dave Bullock, chief financial officer,  executive vice presidents Mike Steffeck and Dean Williams, and Beverly Gates, chief legal counsel, all specializing in the varied operational and administrative functions of Pinnacle.
Retail operations
Between Pinnacle’s diverse brands and corporate operations, the company employs approximately 1,800 people working in marketing, manufacturing, research and development, distribution and retail. The corporation’s retail locations include nearly 200 stores falling under different branding according to region and mission.
Sanders is Pinnacle’s flagship brand, specializing in input products and technologies. This branch of the operation has been serving growers since 1953 and spans several regions across the U.S. Growers can count on Sanders for seed production, bulk fertilizer handling, chemical and crop protection, wildlife products and service, as well as Pinnacle’s trademark OptiGro Precision Ag Technologies — a state-of the-art online interface where growers can communicate with specialists and log and monitor field data.
Providence Agriculture and Performance Agriculture offer a similar suite of leading farm supply products and precision agriculture technology. Providence targets growers in the Midwest and along the East Coast, while Performance targets growers in the Mountain region and the West Coast. AgOne, serving the High Plains, offers aerial and ground chemical application services.
Development, manufacturing and distribution
These retail operations tie in closely with the company’s other brands, which function on the back end for development, manufacturing and distribution. AgVenture Pinnacle offers top quality seed products. Altitude Crop Innovations, LLC provides a more specialized and proprietary line of products developed specifically for independent retailers and cooperatives across the country that buy from Pinnacle’s Meridian Wholesale Distribution Division. Meanwhile Innvictis Crop Care LLC leads the charge on product development, manufacturing and marketing for crop protection, adjuvants and nutritional products, which are marketed through the Pinnacle Retail locations.
Steffeck serves as executive vice president of product strategy and procurement and is responsible for Innvctis Crop Care LLC, which splits its operations between marketing, development, regulatory and manufacturing. “Innvictis is a development-driven company whose core competency lies in the development, registration and commercialization of standard and proprietary products,” says Steffeck. “Our retail locations do a tremendous job executing on the marketing and sales of these products in their local markets.”
Innvictis is constantly striving for improvement with innovation at the forefront. “We are constantly brainstorming and developing unique product formulations and mixtures that ultimately bring significant value to our grower customers,” Steffeck elaborates. “We continuously evaluate chemical active ingredients to understand their weaknesses or shortcomings in performance. We then find chemical and biological components that improve that weakness thus offering a better, more complete product, whether that is a seed treatment, crop nutrient, nitrogen management product or adjuvant.”
Recent developments
One of the group’s most successful developments has been the OPTIGRO platform, a Web-based tool for managing data, tracking processes and nutritional diagnosis geared toward helping growers streamline their precision agriculture operations. The OPTIGRO platform has been under development, optimized and commercialized for nearly 10 years and was a valuable component that came out of the flagship Sanders acquisition.
The interface incorporates data from soil testing, tissue testing for in-season applications and remediation, and all the mapping and record keeping and planting scripts growers need to access in order to monitor and improve on-farm efficiencies. “Our OPTIGRO program currently documents 6 million to 8 million acres managed by growers and the program is expanding rapidly,” says Steffeck.
OPTIGRO has become a leading resource for growers across the U.S. Particularly when it comes to nutritional optimization and balance, growers rely on the data they keep to determine and remedy nutrient levels, managing manganese, zinc, nitrogen and other critical components of healthy soils.
“Across the country, people are finally recognizing and becoming sensitive to nitrogen leaching, so we have taken an aggressive development approach to better manage the nitrogen,” Steffeck adds. “We’ve built a Nitrogen Management portfolio of products that focuses entirely on the placement and protection of nitrogen and the minimization of volatility and leaching that occurs with untreated nitrogen applications. Ultimately, these additives allow better nitrogen utilization by the crop while possibly reducing nitrogen rates resulting in greater crop use efficiency and a much reduced environmental impact.”
Innovation with inventory
Dean Williams, executive vice president of distribution, manages all of the retail stores and the Meridian Wholesale division. Pinnacle has established a strong network and system for distribution that includes strategically located warehousing and retail to ensure products are available when growers need them all the while minimizing waste.
“Our hub and spoke model is a better way to do distribution in ag,” Williams elaborates. “The efficiencies we have built into our model will help our growers be competitive in a global market.” And when growers do well, so does Pinnacle.
To manage these efficiencies and continually improve upon them, the group is in a steady holding pattern of growth, making acquisitions and building new facilities for both distribution and retail. “We have a clear vision of how we want to look,” Williams elaborates. “We know where we want retail locations, where we want a strong wholesale presence and where we need to place our major distribution centers and hubs. And we have executed on that plan quite effectively by making 58 retail acquisitions and building 62 greenfield retail sites in just the last four years.”
The Sanders branded retail operations in the Southern U.S. are running at full capacity, encouraging more expansion both within existing territories and outlying regions. A central distribution hub serves Louisiana, Texas and other Gulf regions and another hub is planned for the East Coast — likely in North Carolina. The other component of expansion has been the retail in-store experience. “We focus on  soil fertility, seed and variety selection and crop protection, and strive to be the grower’s trusted adviser throughout the growing season and crop planning season,” Williams notes. “To improve the way we serve our retail customers, we are looking at bigger service areas, bigger capacity and data service and bringing on additional in-house agronomy services with a hands-on touch.”
In the retail and distribution end of the business, seed is a major source of revenue. Pinnacle has deep-rooted relationships with suppliers, including Pioneer, for which the company packages seeds. Seeds of change
Heavily involved in several aspects of agriculture, Pinnacle bears witness to the often intense fluctuations of the market. Weather and crop shifts can make the agriculture industry unpredictable, but having the right supply relationships and strategically planned inventory in place can offset many of these challenges.
Kenny Cordell, CEO of Pinnacle, notes that the group’s structure is one of its greatest assets. He cites supply chain integration and diversity in services as major factors in Pinnacle’s success. This finely tuned system offers transparency and visibility; combined with strong communication both between branches of the operation and with customers and suppliers, Pinnacle has made itself a trusted partner for suppliers and growers throughout the U.S.
“One thing I’ve learned in my experience is that every year, every supplier runs out of product,” he elaborates. “Sales are missed every year because of lack of inventory or product in the wrong place. Our visibility sets us up to avoid missing those sales when we have the inventory out there.”
He looks forward to continued growth and adaptation, all the while keeping an eye on the goal of providing growers with high-quality projects at a competitive price in a timely matter. As a national retail distributor, Pinnacle has the business savvy and in-house resources to fulfill the needs of customers at a speed and price with which few in the industry can compete.
National business with local values
Despite Pinnacle’s reach in the agriculture sector, at its core, the business strives to maintain a local, family-owned feel. This company-culture philosophy ensures that acquisitions are handled with care and that the family businesses taken under the Pinnacle umbrella are able to retain the character that customers have long enjoyed.
With family ties to farming, Cordell knows better than most that growers need a trusted partner when it comes to farm products and services. “I grew up on a cotton farm,” he explains. “And I know that nobody is really successful if they don’t put the customer first. Farmers are feeding a hungry world. So if we can cut down our inefficiencies and wrap that around to the customer, that’s what we do.”
Cordell has big goals for the business. With expansion plans already in place, he has a vision for more distribution centers that will further improve the company’s performance, thus providing better value to growers. “If that’s done when I retire, it will be a great point of pride,” he says. He also plans to make the company a public entity by 2018.
While the business is only 3 years old, its roots stretch far and its leadership team brings decades of experience to the table. Commitment to agriculture and a consistent focus on innovation and improvement continue to drive Pinnacle Agriculture Holdings LLC forward in an ever-changing market.
 

Click here to view the digital edition.Strategic Partnership(s): AdamaBASFBayer CropScienceDow AgroScienceMonsantoPioneer Hi-BredValent USA Corporation 





 




Latest Edition 




  
  
 Archive 
 Subscribe  

 



The Experience 




 I was very pleased with the article and brochure that the US Business Executive did on our company. I thought is was very professional. I will definitely recommend US Business Executive to another business. 
 




 
 — Paul Varner  
 Co-owner, 
 Treasure Valley Seed Company  

 

 
 

  


















PINNACLE HOLDINGS, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






PINNACLE HOLDINGS, LLC






233 SOUTH DETROIT AVENUE, TULSA,  Oklahoma, 74120, (918) 582-6864


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
204


New Positions
10


Increased Positions
58


Decreased Positions
87


Positions with Activity
145


Sold Out Positions
12


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
219



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
37.97%


Basic Materials
0.77%


Industrials
8.85%


Consumer Cyclicals
5.61%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
2.6%


Financials
33.6%


Healthcare
3.34%


Technology
3.92%


Telecommunication Services
3.27%


Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






204 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



SPDR DOW JONES INDL AVRG ETF
UT SER 1
8,494
-107
(1.25)
39,177


WILLIAMS COS INC DEL
COM
6,660
45
.67
210,698


MAGELLAN MIDSTREAM PRTNRS LP
COM UNIT RP LP
5,999
17
.28
84,942


QCR HOLDINGS INC
COM
5,438
-11
(0.2)
117,069


ONEOK INC NEW
COM
4,682
19
.41
84,229


RICE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
UNIT LTD PARTN
4,674
10
.20
226,248


NGL ENERGY PARTNERS LP
COM UNIT REPST
4,659
54
1.18
358,400


ENLINK MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
COM UNIT REP LTD
3,877
63
1.64
226,701


BANC OF CALIFORNIA INC
COM
3,763
318
9.24
188,127


VTTI ENERGY PARTNERS LP
COM UNIT RP LT
3,716
243
7.01
188,619


ALLIANCE HOLDINGS GP LP
COM UNITS LP
3,645
25
.69
143,012


ANTERO MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
UNT LTD PARTN
3,626
29
.81
105,225


MPLX LP
COM UNIT REP LTD
3,560
37
1.05
98,226


TARGA RES CORP
COM
3,491
195
5.93
75,483


BOEING CO
COM
3,437
-27
(0.79)
14,722


ENTERPRISE PRODS PARTNERS L P
COM
3,261
62
1.93
118,139


GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
COM
3,068
-32
(1.03)
13,806


GENESIS ENERGY L P
UNIT LTD PARTN
3,045
44
1.46
99,928


SB FINL GROUP INC
COM
2,948
-95
(3.12)
167,477


HOLLY ENERGY PARTNERS L P
COM UT LTD PTN
2,900
28
.98
84,619




<< first< previous1234510next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            China's Ofo in talks to raise $1 bln, led by SoftBank -sources
                        



	                     5:07AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            GLOBAL MARKETS-Amazon wobble creates ripples across worldwide stock markets
                        



	                     4:52AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. Republican push to gut Obamacare ends in defeat for Trump
                        



	                     4:38AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Swiss franc set for biggest weekly drop in nearly 2 years
                        



	                     3:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Japanese drugmaker Takeda posts stronger profit as U.S. sales jump
                        



	                     3:28AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































