


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Gary P. Pisano 
			                	- Faculty - Harvard Business School




















Gary P. Pisano - Faculty - Harvard Business School

















































	











Go to main content








Harvard Business School


















HBS Home


About
Academic Programs
Alumni
Faculty & Research



Baker Library
Campaign
Harvard Business Review
Initiatives
News
Recruit



Map / Directions












Faculty & Research


HOME

							FACULTY

		
							RESEARCH


Global Research Centers
HBS Case Collection




HBS Case Development
Initiatives & Projects




Publications
Research Associate (RA) Positions




Research Services
Seminars & Conferences






							FEATURED TOPICS


Business and Environment
Business History
Entrepreneurship




Finance
Globalization
Health Care




Human Behavior and Decision-Making
Leadership
Social Enterprise




Technology and Innovation






							ACADEMIC UNITS


Accounting and Management
Business, Government and the International Economy
Entrepreneurial Management




Finance
General Management
Marketing




Negotiation, Organizations & Markets
Organizational Behavior
Strategy




Technology and Operations Management







 



















Unit: 
									Technology and Operations Management
Contact:
(617) 495-6562
Send Email

Additional Information


Curriculum Vitae
Press / Media
Gary Pisano's Home Page
Gary Pisano in Harvard Business Review
Gary Pisano in Working Knowledge




            Areas of Interest

competitive strategy
operations strategy
organizational learning
product development
technology strategy



			            Additional Topics
					

life sciences

Industries

biotechnology
electronics
health care
manufacturing
pharmaceuticals

Geographies

Europe
North America
Western Europe


MORE











		
		
        Gary P. Pisano
	
Harry E. Figgie, Jr. Professor of Business Administration

 
Print Entire ProfileMore

Gary Pisano is the Harry E. Figgie Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School. He has been on the Harvard faculty since 1988. Pisano’s research, teaching, and consulting have focused on technology strategy, the management of innovation and intellectual property, competitive strategy, and manufacturing and outsourcing strategy. His work on these issues spans a range of science and technology based industries including aerospace, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals, specialty chemicals, health care, nutrition, computers, software, telecommunications, and semiconductors.
Pisano is the author of over 70 articles and case studies. His "Restoring American Competitiveness" (co-authored with Willy Shih) won the McKinsey Award for best article published in Harvard Business Review in 2009. He is also co-author of the award winning article, "Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management" (Strategic Management Journal, 1997), one of the most widely cited publications in economics and business since 1995.  His article "How to Capture Value from Innovation: Shaping Intellectual Property and Industry Architecture" (California Management Review) was a finalist for the 2008 Accenture Award. He has also written case studies on such companies as Amazon, BMW, Fiat-Chrysler, IBM, Intel, Jet Blue, Merck, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, Vertex, Teradyne, Flextronics, Virgin Group, and VF Brands. He is an author of six books including The Development Factory; Operations, Strategy, and Technology; Science Business: The Promise, The Reality and The Future of Biotech and, most recently, Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance.
Professor Pisano serves as an advisor to senior executives at leading companies throughout the world and has served on the Board of Directors and Advisory Boards of a number of start-up companies. He is a co-founder along with chemistry Nobel Laureate Richard Schrock and others of XiMo AG, a developer of specialty catalysts for the pharmaceutical and fine chemicals industries (www.ximo-inc.com). He also recently co-founded an importer of fine European textiles for the home decoration market (www.viewofcortina.com). He speaks widely at industry conferences and to senior executive audiences. Professor Pisano holds a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley and B.A. in economics from Yale University.Print Entire ProfileLess










Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance

For years—even decades—in response to intensifying global competition, American companies decided to outsource their manufacturing operations in order to reduce costs. But we are now seeing the alarming long-term effect of those choices: in many cases, once manufacturing capabilities go away, so does much of the ability to innovate and compete. Manufacturing, it turns out, really matters in an innovation-driven economy. In Producing Prosperity, Harvard Business School professors Gary Pisano and Willy Shih show the disastrous consequences of years of poor sourcing decisions and underinvestment in manufacturing capabilities. They reveal how today's undervalued manufacturing operations often hold the seeds of tomorrow's innovative new products, arguing that companies must reinvest in new product and process development in the U.S. industrial sector.




















Science Business: The Promise, the Reality, and the Future of Biotech 

Why has the biotechnology industry failed to perform up to expectations despite all its promise? In Science Business, Professor Gary Pisano answers this question by providing an incisive critique of the industry. Pisano not only reveals the underlying causes of biotech's problems; he offers the most sophisticated analysis yet on how the industry works. And he provides clear prescriptions for companies, investors, and policymakers seeking ways to improve the industry's performance. The payoff? Valuable improvements in health care and a shinier future for human well-being. Named Best Biotech Book in 2007 by strategy+business.
























In the News07 Jan 2015American Public Media: MarketplaceCost of saving factory jobs via lower wages20 Mar 2015Wall Street JournalBig Pharma Needs to Get Busy in the Lab09 Apr 2015Boston GlobeAriad Pharmaceuticals’ chief fights to hold on









 







ǁ 
















                    
                    Harvard Business School
                    Soldiers Field
                    Boston, MA 02163

                  


→
Map & Directions



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



 
 
 






HBS Facebook





Alumni Facebook





Executive Education Facebook





Michael Porter Facebook





Working Knowledge Facebook





HBS Twitter





Executive Education Twitter





HBS Alumni Twitter





Michael Porter Twitter





Recruiting Twitter





Rock Center Twitter





Working Knowledge Twitter





Jobs Twitter





HBS Youtube





Michael Porter Youtube





Executive Education Youtube





HBS Linkedin





Alumni Linkedin





Executive Education Linkedin





MBA Linkedin





Linkedin





HBS Google Plus





Executive Education Google Plus





HBS Instagram





Alumni Instagram





Executive Education Instagram





Michael Porter Instagram





HBS iTunes





Executive Education iTunes





HBS Tumblr





Executive Education Weibo





HBS Snapchat





Executive Education Wechat



→All Social Media


→
All Social Media










Site Map
Jobs
Harvard University
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College



















You Need an Innovation Strategy























































2/3 Free Articles leftRemaining 



Register for more

 | 


Subscribe + Save!















MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS































								Gustavo Brigante
							















										Loading...
									





Innovation

You Need an Innovation Strategy


Gary P. Pisano


From the June 2015 Issue
					









 SUMMARY FULL TEXT
 SAVE
 SHARE
COMMENT
 TEXT SIZE
 PRINT
 PDF
8.95 BUY COPIES


















View more from the

June 2015 Issue






Explore the Archive





Executive Summary
Why is it so hard to build and maintain the capacity to innovate? The reason is not simply a failure to execute but a failure to articulate an innovation strategy that aligns innovation efforts with the overall business strategy.
Without such a strategy, companies will have a hard time weighing the trade-offs of various practices—such as crowdsourcing and customer co-creation—and so may end up with a grab bag of approaches. They will have trouble designing a coherent innovation system that fits their competitive needs over time and may be tempted to ape someone else’s system. And they will find it difficult to align different parts of the organization with shared priorities.
As Corning, a leader in glass and materials science, has found, an innovation strategy must address how innovation will create value for potential customers, how the company will capture a share of that value, and what types of innovation to pursue. Critics tend to discount “routine” innovation that leverages a company’s existing technical capabilities and business model and extol “disruptive” innovation, but that is a simplistic view. A company’s unique competitive circumstances should dictate the innovation portfolio it pursues.
Because innovation cuts across functions, only senior leaders can set an innovation strategy. In doing so, they must recognize that the strategy, like the process of innovation itself, requires continual experimentation and adaptation.
HBR Reprint R1506B



Idea in Brief

The Problem
Innovation remains a frustrating pursuit. Failure rates are high, and even successful companies can’t sustain their performance. The root cause is that companies fall into the trap of adopting whatever best practices are in vogue or aping the exemplar innovator of the moment.
The Solution
Managers should articulate an innovation strategy that stipulates how their firm’s innovation efforts will support the overall business strategy. This will help them make trade-off decisions so that they can choose the most appropriate practices and set overarching innovation priorities that align all functions.
The Steps
Creating an innovation strategy involves determining how innovation will create value for potential customers, how the company will capture that value, and which types of innovation to pursue. Just as product designs must evolve to stay competitive, so must innovation strategies as the environment changes.


Despite massive investments of management time and money, innovation remains a frustrating pursuit in many companies. Innovation initiatives frequently fail, and successful innovators have a hard time sustaining their performance—as Polaroid, Nokia, Sun Microsystems, Yahoo, Hewlett-Packard, and countless others have found. Why is it so hard to build and maintain the capacity to innovate? The reasons go much deeper than the commonly cited cause: a failure to execute. The problem with innovation improvement efforts is rooted in the lack of an innovation strategy.
A strategy is nothing more than a commitment to a set of coherent, mutually reinforcing policies or behaviors aimed at achieving a specific competitive goal. Good strategies promote alignment among diverse groups within an organization, clarify objectives and priorities, and help focus efforts around them. Companies regularly define their overall business strategy (their scope and positioning) and specify how various functions—such as marketing, operations, finance, and R&D—will support it. But during my more than two decades studying and consulting for companies in a broad range of industries, I have found that firms rarely articulate strategies to align their innovation efforts with their business strategies.
Without an innovation strategy, innovation improvement efforts can easily become a grab bag of much-touted best practices: dividing R&D into decentralized autonomous teams, spawning internal entrepreneurial ventures, setting up corporate venture-capital arms, pursuing external alliances, embracing open innovation and crowdsourcing, collaborating with customers, and implementing rapid prototyping, to name just a few. There is nothing wrong with any of those practices per se. The problem is that an organization’s capacity for innovation stems from an innovation system: a coherent set of interdependent processes and structures that dictates how the company searches for novel problems and solutions, synthesizes ideas into a business concept and product designs, and selects which projects get funded. Individual best practices involve trade-offs. And adopting a specific practice generally requires a host of complementary changes to the rest of the organization’s innovation system. A company without an innovation strategy won’t be able to make trade-off decisions and choose all the elements of the innovation system.



Aping someone else’s system is not the answer. There is no one system that fits all companies equally well or works under all circumstances. There is nothing wrong, of course, with learning from others, but it is a mistake to believe that what works for, say, Apple (today’s favorite innovator) is going to work for your organization. An explicit innovation strategy helps you design a system to match your specific competitive needs.
Finally, without an innovation strategy, different parts of an organization can easily wind up pursuing conflicting priorities—even if there’s a clear business strategy. Sales representatives hear daily about the pressing needs of the biggest customers. Marketing may see opportunities to leverage the brand through complementary products or to expand market share through new distribution channels. Business unit heads are focused on their target markets and their particular P&L pressures. R&D scientists and engineers tend to see opportunities in new technologies. Diverse perspectives are critical to successful innovation. But without a strategy to integrate and align those perspectives around common priorities, the power of diversity is blunted or, worse, becomes self-defeating.

A good example of how a tight connection between business strategy and innovation can drive long-term innovation leadership is found in Corning, a leading manufacturer of specialty components used in electronic displays, telecommunications systems, environmental products, and life sciences instruments. (Disclosure: I have consulted for Corning, but the information in this article comes from the 2008 HBS case study “Corning: 156 Years of Innovation,” by H. Kent Bowen and Courtney Purrington.) Over its more than 160 years Corning has repeatedly transformed its business and grown new markets through breakthrough innovations. When judged against current best practices, Corning’s approach seems out of date. The company is one of the few with a centralized R&D laboratory (Sullivan Park, in rural upstate New York). It invests a lot in basic research, a practice that many companies gave up long ago. And it invests heavily in manufacturing technology and plants and continues to maintain a significant manufacturing footprint in the United States, bucking the trend of wholesale outsourcing and offshoring of production.
Yet when viewed through a strategic lens, Corning’s approach to innovation makes perfect sense. The company’s business strategy focuses on selling “keystone components” that significantly improve the performance of customers’ complex system products. Executing this strategy requires Corning to be at the leading edge of glass and materials science so that it can solve exceptionally challenging problems for customers and discover new applications for its technologies. That requires heavy investments in long-term research. By centralizing R&D, Corning ensures that researchers from the diverse disciplinary backgrounds underlying its core technologies can collaborate. Sullivan Park has become a repository of accumulated expertise in the application of materials science to industrial problems. Because novel materials often require complementary process innovations, heavy investments in manufacturing and technology are a must. And by keeping a domestic manufacturing footprint, the company is able to smooth the transfer of new technologies from R&D to manufacturing and scale up production.
Corning’s strategy is not for everyone. Long-term investments in research are risky: The telecommunications bust in the late 1990s devastated Corning’s optical fiber business. But Corning shows the importance of a clearly articulated innovation strategy—one that’s closely linked to a company’s business strategy and core value proposition. Without such a strategy, most initiatives aimed at boosting a firm’s capacity to innovate are doomed to fail.


 Find this and other HBR graphics in our 
 Visual Library 















Connecting Innovation to Strategy
About 10 years ago Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), as part of a broad strategic repositioning, decided to emphasize cancer as a key part of its pharmaceutical business. Recognizing that biotechnology-derived drugs such as monoclonal antibodies were likely to be a fruitful approach to combating cancer, BMS decided to shift its repertoire of technological capabilities from its traditional organic-chemistry base toward biotechnology. The new business strategy (emphasizing the cancer market) required a new innovation strategy (shifting technological capabilities toward biologics). (I have consulted for BMS, but the information in this example comes from public sources.)
Like the creation of any good strategy, the process of developing an innovation strategy should start with a clear understanding and articulation of specific objectives related to helping the company achieve a sustainable competitive advantage. This requires going beyond all-too-common generalities, such as “We must innovate to grow,” “We innovate to create value,” or “We need to innovate to stay ahead of competitors.” Those are not strategies. They provide no sense of the types of innovation that might matter (and those that won’t). Rather, a robust innovation strategy should answer the following questions:
How will innovation create value for potential customers?
Unless innovation induces potential customers to pay more, saves them money, or provides some larger societal benefit like improved health or cleaner water, it is not creating value. Of course, innovation can create value in many ways. It might make a product perform better or make it easier or more convenient to use, more reliable, more durable, cheaper, and so on. Choosing what kind of value your innovation will create and then sticking to that is critical, because the capabilities required for each are quite different and take time to accumulate. For instance, Bell Labs created many diverse breakthrough innovations over a half century: the telephone exchange switcher, the photovoltaic cell, the transistor, satellite communications, the laser, mobile telephony, and the operating system Unix, to name just a few. But research at Bell Labs was guided by the strategy of improving and developing the capabilities and reliability of the phone network. The solid-state research program—which ultimately led to the invention of the transistor—was motivated by the need to lay the scientific foundation for developing newer, more reliable components for the communications system. Research on satellite communications was motivated in part by the limited bandwidth and the reliability risks of undersea cables. Apple consistently focuses its innovation efforts on making its products easier to use than competitors’ and providing a seamless experience across its expanding family of devices and services. Hence its emphasis on integrated hardware-software development, proprietary operating systems, and design makes total sense.

Further Reading




  Beyond World-Class: The New Manufacturing Strategy 

Competition
Magazine Article

Robert H. Hayes
Gary P. Pisano


Companies need strategies for building critical capabilities to achieve competitive advantage.



 Save
 Share



 



How will the company capture a share of the value its innovations generate?
Value-creating innovations attract imitators as quickly as they attract customers. Rarely is intellectual property alone sufficient to block these rivals. Consider how many tablet computers appeared after the success of Apple’s iPad. As imitators enter the market, they create price pressures that can reduce the value that the original innovator captures. Moreover, if the suppliers, distributors, and other companies required to deliver an innovation are dominant enough, they may have sufficient bargaining power to capture most of the value from an innovation. Think about how most personal computer manufacturers were largely at the mercy of Intel and Microsoft.
Companies must think through what complementary assets, capabilities, products, or services could prevent customers from defecting to rivals and keep their own position in the ecosystem strong. Apple designs complementarities between its devices and services so that an iPhone owner finds it attractive to use an iPad rather than a rival’s tablet. And by controlling the operating system, Apple makes itself an indispensable player in the digital ecosystem. Corning’s customer-partnering strategy helps defend the company’s innovations against imitators: Once the keystone components are designed into a customer’s system, the customer will incur switching costs if it defects to another supplier.
One of the best ways to preserve bargaining power in an ecosystem and blunt imitators is to continue to invest in innovation. I recently visited a furniture company in northern Italy that supplies several of the largest retailers in the world from its factories in its home region. Depending on a few global retailers for distribution is risky from a value-capture perspective. Because these megaretailers have access to dozens of other suppliers around the world, many of them in low-cost countries, and because furniture designs are not easily protected through patents, there is no guarantee of continued business. The company has managed to thrive, however, by investing both in new designs, which help it win business early in the product life cycle, and in sophisticated process technologies, which allow it to defend against rivals from low-cost countries as products mature.
What types of innovations will allow the company to create and capture value, and what resources should each type receive?
Certainly, technological innovation is a huge creator of economic value and a driver of competitive advantage. But some important innovations may have little to do with new technology. In the past couple of decades, we have seen a plethora of companies (Netflix, Amazon, LinkedIn, Uber) master the art of business model innovation. Thus, in thinking about innovation opportunities, companies have a choice about how much of their efforts to focus on technological innovation and how much to invest in business model innovation.


Routine innovation is often called myopic or suicidal. That thinking is simplistic.


A helpful way to think about this is depicted in the exhibit “The Innovation Landscape Map.” The map, based on my research and that of scholars such as William Abernathy, Kim Clark, Clayton Christensen, Rebecca Henderson, and Michael Tushman, characterizes innovation along two dimensions: the degree to which it involves a change in technology and the degree to which it involves a change in business model. Although each dimension exists on a continuum, together they suggest four quadrants, or categories, of innovation.
Routine innovation builds on a company’s existing technological competences and fits with its existing business model—and hence its customer base. An example is Intel’s launching ever-more-powerful microprocessors, which has allowed the company to maintain high margins and has fueled growth for decades. Other examples include new versions of Microsoft Windows and the Apple iPhone.

Further Reading




  Which Kind of Collaboration Is Right for You? 

Networking
Magazine Article

Gary P. Pisano
Roberto Verganti


The new leaders in innovation will be those who figure out the best way to leverage a network of outsiders.



 Save
 Share



 



Disruptive innovation, a category named by my Harvard Business School colleague Clay Christensen, requires a new business model but not necessarily a technological breakthrough. For that reason, it also challenges, or disrupts, the business models of other companies. For example, Google’s Android operating system for mobile devices potentially disrupts companies like Apple and Microsoft, not because of any large technical difference but because of its business model: Android is given away free; the operating systems of Apple and Microsoft are not.













Radical innovation is the polar opposite of disruptive innovation. The challenge here is purely technological. The emergence of genetic engineering and biotechnology in the 1970s and 1980s as an approach to drug discovery is an example. Established pharmaceutical companies with decades of experience in chemically synthesized drugs faced a major hurdle in building competences in molecular biology. But drugs derived from biotechnology were a good fit with the companies’ business models, which called for heavy investment in R&D, funded by a few high-margin products.
Architectural innovation combines technological and business model disruptions. An example is digital photography. For companies such as Kodak and Polaroid, entering the digital world meant mastering completely new competences in solid-state electronics, camera design, software, and display technology. It also meant finding a way to earn profits from cameras rather than from “disposables” (film, paper, processing chemicals, and services). As one might imagine, architectural innovations are the most challenging for incumbents to pursue.
A company’s innovation strategy should specify how the different types of innovation fit into the business strategy and the resources that should be allocated to each. In much of the writing on innovation today, radical, disruptive, and architectural innovations are viewed as the keys to growth, and routine innovation is denigrated as myopic at best and suicidal at worst. That line of thinking is simplistic.
In fact, the vast majority of profits are created through routine innovation. Since Intel launched its last major disruptive innovation (the i386 chip), in 1985, it has earned more than $200 billion in operating income, most of which has come from next-generation microprocessors. Microsoft is often criticized for milking its existing technologies rather than introducing true disruptions. But this strategy has generated $303 billion in operating income since the introduction of Windows NT, in 1993 (and $258 billion since the introduction of the Xbox, in 2001). Apple’s last major breakthrough (as of this writing), the iPad, was launched in 2010. Since then Apple has launched a steady stream of upgrades to its core platforms (Mac, iPhone, and iPad), generating an eye-popping $190 billion in operating income.
The point here is not that companies should focus solely on routine innovation. Rather, it is that there is not one preferred type. In fact, as the examples above suggest, different kinds of innovation can become complements, rather than substitutes, over time. Intel, Microsoft, and Apple would not have had the opportunity to garner massive profits from routine innovations had they not laid the foundations with various breakthroughs. Conversely, a company that introduces a disruptive innovation and cannot follow up with a stream of improvements will not hold new entrants at bay for long.
Executives often ask me, “What proportion of resources should be directed to each type of innovation?” Unfortunately, there is no magic formula. As with any strategic question, the answer will be company specific and contingent on factors such as the rate of technological change, the magnitude of the technological opportunity, the intensity of competition, the rate of growth in core markets, the degree to which customer needs are being met, and the company’s strengths. Businesses in markets where the core technology is evolving rapidly (like pharmaceuticals, media, and communications) will have to be much more keenly oriented toward radical technological innovation—both its opportunities and its threats. A company whose core business is maturing may have to seek opportunities through business model innovations and radical technological breakthroughs. But a company whose platforms are growing rapidly would certainly want to focus most of its resources on building and extending them.



In thinking strategically about the four types of innovation, then, the question is one of balance and mix. Google is certainly experiencing rapid growth through routine innovations in its advertising business, but it is also exploring opportunities for radical and architectural innovations, such as a driverless car, at its Google X facility. Apple is not resting on its iPhone laurels as it explores wearable devices and payment systems. And while incumbent automobile companies still make the vast majority of their revenue and profits from traditional fuel-powered vehicles, most have introduced alternative-energy vehicles (hybrid and all-electric) and have serious R&D efforts in advanced alternatives like hydrogen-fuel-cell motors.
Overcoming the Prevailing Winds
I liken routine innovation to a sports team’s home-field advantage: It’s where companies play to their strengths. Without an explicit strategy indicating otherwise, a number of organizational forces will tend to drive innovation toward the home field.
Some years ago I worked with a contact lens company whose leaders decided that it needed to focus less on routine innovations, such as adding color tints and modifying lens design, and be more aggressive in pursuing new materials that could dramatically improve visual acuity and comfort. After a few years, however, little progress had been made. A review of the R&D portfolio at a senior management meeting revealed that most of the company’s R&D expenditures were going to incremental refinements of existing products (demanded by marketing to stave off mounting short-term losses in share) and to process improvements (demanded by manufacturing to reduce costs, which was, in turn, demanded by finance to preserve margins as prices fell). Even worse, when R&D finally created a high-performing lens based on a new material, manufacturing could not produce it consistently at high volume, because it had not invested in the requisite capabilities. Despite a strategic intent to venture into new territory, the company was trapped on its home field.

Further Reading




  The Ambidextrous CEO 

Innovation
Magazine Article

Michael L. Tushman, Wendy K. Smith, and Andy Binns


Great leaders navigate the tension between new innovations and core products from the C-suite—they don’t leave the battle to their middle managers.



 Save
 Share



 



The root of the problem was that business units and functions had continued to make resource allocation decisions, and each favored the projects it saw as the most pressing. Only after senior management created explicit targets for different types of innovations—and allocated a specific percentage of resources to radical innovation projects—did the firm begin to make progress in developing new offerings that supported its long-term strategy. As this company found, innovation strategy matters most when an organization needs to change its prevailing patterns.
Managing Trade-Offs
As I’ve noted, an explicit innovation strategy helps you understand which practices might be a good fit for your organization. It also helps you navigate the inherent trade-offs.













Consider one popular practice: crowdsourcing. The idea is that rather than relying on a few experts (perhaps your own employees) to solve specific innovation problems, you open up the process to anyone (the crowd). One common example is when an organization posts a problem on a web platform (like InnoCentive) and invites solutions, perhaps offering a financial prize. Another example is open source software projects, in which volunteers contribute to developing a product or a system (think of Linux). Crowdsourcing has a lot of merits: By inviting a vast number of people, most of whom you probably could not have found on your own, to address your challenges, you increase the probability of developing a novel solution. Research by my Harvard Business School colleague Karim Lakhani and his collaborator Kevin Boudreau, of the London Business School, provides strong evidence that crowdsourcing can lead to faster, more-efficient, and more-creative problem solving.
But crowdsourcing works better for some kinds of problems than for others. For instance, it requires fast and efficient ways to test a large number of potential solutions. If testing is very time-consuming and costly, you need some other approach, such as soliciting a handful of solutions from just a few experts or organizations. Similarly, crowdsourcing tends to work best for highly modular systems, in which different problem solvers can focus on specific components without worrying about others.
Crowdsourcing is not universally good or bad. It is simply a tool whose strength (exploiting large numbers of diverse problem solvers) is a benefit in some contexts (highly diffused knowledge base, relatively inexpensive ways to test proposed solutions, modular system) but not in others (concentrated knowledge base, expensive testing, system with integral architectures).
Another practice subject to trade-offs is customer involvement in the innovation process. Advocates of “co-creation” approaches argue that close collaboration with customers reveals insights that can lead to novel offerings. (See Venkat Ramaswamy and Francis Gouillart, “Building the Co-Creative Enterprise,” HBR, October 2010.) But others say that working too closely with customers will blind you to opportunities for truly disruptive innovation. Steve Jobs was adamant that customers do not always know what they want—the reason he cited for eschewing market research.
Choosing a side in this debate requires the cold calculus of strategy. Corning’s customer-centered approach to innovation is appropriate for a company whose business strategy is focused on creating critical components of highly innovative systems. It would be virtually impossible to develop such components without tapping customers’ deep understanding of their system. In addition, close collaboration enables Corning and its customers to mutually adapt the component and the system. This is critical when subtle changes in the component technology can affect the system, and vice versa.
But Corning’s demand-pull approach (finding customers’ highly challenging problems and then figuring out how the company’s cutting-edge technologies can solve them) is limited by customers’ imagination and willingness to take risks. It also hinges on picking the right customers; if Corning doesn’t, it can miss a market transformation.


Crowdsourcing, like other innovation practices, involves trade-offs.


A supply-push approach—developing technology and then finding or creating a market—can be more suitable when an identifiable market does not yet exist. A good example is the integrated circuit, invented in the late 1950s by Texas Instruments and Fairchild Semiconductor. Both came up with the idea of putting multiple transistors on a chip as a way to solve a reliability problem, not to spawn smaller computers. In fact, with the exception of the military, there was little demand for integrated circuits. Producers of computers, electronics equipment, and telecommunications systems preferred discrete transistors, which were cheaper and less risky. To help create demand, Texas Instruments invented and commercialized another device: the handheld calculator.
Some pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis (for whom I’ve consulted), explicitly shield their research groups from market input when deciding which programs to pursue. They believe that given the long lead times of drug development and the complexities of the market, accurate forecasts are impossible. (See the 2008 HBS case study “Novartis AG: Science-Based Business,” by H. Kent Bowen and Courtney Purrington.)
Again, the choice between a demand-pull and a supply-push approach involves weighing the trade-offs. If you choose the former, you risk missing out on technologies for which markets have not yet emerged. If you choose the latter, you may create technologies that never find a market.

Further Reading




  The Ambidextrous Organization 

Innovation
Magazine Article

Charles A. O’Reilly III
Michael L. Tushman


Established companies can develop radical innovations—and protect their traditional businesses. The secret? Create organizationally distinct units that are tightly integrated at the senior executive level.



 Save
 Share



 



Similar trade-offs are inherent in choices about innovation processes. For instance, many companies have adopted fairly structured “phase-gate” models for managing their innovation processes. Advocates argue that those models inject a degree of predictability and discipline into what can be a messy endeavor. Opponents counter that they destroy creativity. Who is right? Both are—but for different kinds of projects. Highly structured phase-gate processes, which tend to focus on resolving as much technical and market uncertainty as possible early on, work well for innovations involving a known technology for a known market. But they generally do not allow for the considerable iteration required for combinations of new markets and new technologies. Those uncertain and complex projects require a different kind of process, one that involves rapid prototyping, early experimentation, parallel problem solving, and iteration.
Clarity around which trade-offs are best for the company as a whole—something an innovation strategy provides—is extremely helpful in overcoming the barriers to the kind of organizational change innovation often requires. People don’t resist change because they are inherently stubborn or political but because they have different perspectives—including on how to weigh the trade-offs in innovation practices. Clarity around trade-offs and priorities is a critical first step in mobilizing the organization around an innovation initiative.
The Leadership Challenge
Creating a capacity to innovate starts with strategy. The question then arises, Whose job is it to set this strategy? The answer is simple: the most senior leaders of the organization. Innovation cuts across just about every function. Only senior leaders can orchestrate such a complex system. They must take prime responsibility for the processes, structures, talent, and behaviors that shape how an organization searches for innovation opportunities, synthesizes ideas into concepts and product designs, and selects what to do.
There are four essential tasks in creating and implementing an innovation strategy. The first is to answer the question “How are we expecting innovation to create value for customers and for our company?” and then explain that to the organization. The second is to create a high-level plan for allocating resources to the different kinds of innovation. Ultimately, where you spend your money, time, and effort is your strategy, regardless of what you say. The third is to manage trade-offs. Because every function will naturally want to serve its own interests, only senior leaders can make the choices that are best for the whole company.
The final challenge facing senior leadership is recognizing that innovation strategies must evolve. Any strategy represents a hypothesis that is tested against the unfolding realities of markets, technologies, regulations, and competitors. Just as product designs must evolve to stay competitive, so too must innovation strategies. Like the process of innovation itself, an innovation strategy involves continual experimentation, learning, and adaptation.

A version of this article appeared in the June 2015 issue (pp.44–54) of Harvard Business Review.








Gary P. Pisano is the Harry E. Figgie Professor of Business Administration and a member of the U.S. Competitiveness Project at Harvard Business School.








This article is about INNOVATION




 Follow this topic



 Following





Related Topics:

Strategy
Disruptive innovation














						Loading...
					












				Loading...
			























Partner Center
































  
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Pisano, Gary P. [WorldCat Identities]






Pisano, Gary P. 

Overview


Works:
92
                                 works in
                                 208
                                 publications in
                                 4
                                 languages and
                                 3,653
                                 library holdings
                                 
                              


Genres:
History 
                                 Case studies 
                                 Academic theses 
                                 
                              


Roles:
Author, Editor, Author of introduction


Classifications:
HD30.28,
                                 658.4012




Publication Timeline
.


Most widely held works by
                            Gary P Pisano
                        

Science business : the promise, the reality, and the future of biotech by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                              Book
                              )16
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           2006
                           and
                           2008
                           in
                           4
                           languages
                           
                           and held by
                           495 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           "Why has the biotechnology industry fallen so short of expectations - despite its grand promise? In Science Business, Gary
                              Pisano answers this question by providing an incisive critique of the industry. Pisano not only reveals biotech's most daunting
                              challenges, he offers the most sophisticated analysis yet of how the industry works. And he provides clear prescriptions for
                              companies, investors, and policymakers seeking ways to improve the industry's performance."--Jacket

The development factory : unlocking the potential of process innovation by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                              Book
                              )10
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           1994
                           and
                           1997
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           442 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           When the pharmaceuticals giant Merck reports promising results for a potential "blockbuster" drug, the story makes the evening
                              news. Now, at a time when new product development has become critical to success in so many industries, The Development Factory
                              proves that process innovation - not just product innovation - can be the key to competitive edge. In this multiyear study
                              of pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms, Gary Pisano explores the dynamics of superior product and process development in
                              a highly competitive industry that lives and dies by its R & D and depends heavily on rapid time to market. His work reveals
                              that behind the success of many new product introductions lies the development of novel process technologies that provide
                              lower costs, higher quality, and increased flexibility

Manufacturing renaissance(
                              Book
                              )12
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           1974
                           and
                           1995
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           297 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Producing prosperity : why America needs a manufacturing renaissance by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                              Book
                              )9
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           2012
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           269 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           Companies compete on the decisions they make. For years--even decades--in response to intensifying global competition, companies
                              decided to outsource their manufacturing operations in order to reduce costs. But we are now seeing the alarming long-term
                              effect of those choices: in many cases, once manufacturing capabilities go away, so does much of the ability to innovate and
                              compete. Manufacturing, it turns out, really matters in an innovation-driven economy. In Producing Prosperity, Harvard Business
                              School professors Gary Pisano and Willy Shih show the disastrous consequences of years of poor sourcing decisions and underinvestment
                              in manufacturing capabilities. They reveal how today's undervalued manufacturing operations often hold the seeds of tomorrow's
                              innovative new products, arguing that companies must reinvest in new product and process development in the US industrial
                              sector. Only by reviving this "(Bindustrial commons" can the world's largest economy build the expertise and manufacturing
                              muscle to regain competitive advantage. America needs a manufacturing renaissance--for restoring itself, and for the global
                              economy as a whole. This will require major changes. Pisano and Shih show how company-level choices are key to the sustained
                              success of industries and economies, and they provide business leaders with a framework for understanding the links between
                              manufacturing and innovation that will enable them to make better outsourcing decisions. They also detail how government must
                              change its support of basic and applied scientific research, and promote collaboration between business and academia. For
                              executives, policymakers, academics, and innovators alike, Producing Prosperity provides the clearest and most compelling
                              account yet of how the American economy lost its competitive edge--and how to get it back

Strategic operations : competing through capabilities by 
 Robert H Hayes(
                              Book
                              )11
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1996
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           268 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Strategy and the business landscape : text and cases by 
 Pankaj Ghemawat(
                              Book
                              )11
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           1998
                           and
                           2001
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           234 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           This business strategy text helps students master a body of analytical tools and develop an integrative point of view when
                              making strategic choices. It focuses on strategies that offer the greatest potential for improving business performance

The effect of organizational context on individual performance by 
 Robert S Huckman(
                              Book
                              )15
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           2002
                           and
                           2003
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           53 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           Many observers have suggested that highly skilled workers convey little in the way of competitive advantage for firms due
                              to their mobility. Implicit in this view is the belief that organizations are not important in determining individual performance.
                              In this study, we address this issue by examining skilled individuals who work within multiple organizations roughly simultaneously.
                              Specifically, we consider the performance of cardiac surgeons, many of whom perform operations at multiple hospitals during
                              the course of a given year. Using patient mortality as an outcome measure, we find that the quality of a surgeon's performance
                              at a given hospital improves significantly with increases in his or her annual procedure volume at that hospital but does
                              not significantly improve with increases in his or her volume at other hospitals. Our findings suggest that surgeon performance
                              is not fully portable across hospitals (i.e., some portion of performance is firm specific). We consider the implications
                              of our results for settings beyond health care

Innovation through markets, hierarchies, and joint ventures : technology strategy and collaborative arrangements in the biotechnology
                                 industry by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                              
                              )5
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1988
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           15 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           This thesis is a study of the organization of innovation in biotechnology. It investigates two general issues: (1) what factors
                              influence a firm's choice between in-house and external souces of R & D; (2) what governance structures reduce potential transactional
                              hazards from collaborative innovation. Despite their increasing relevance to the strategic management of technology, these
                              questions have received little theoretical and empirical analysis. The present study is an empirical analysis informed by
                              transaction cost and evolutionary economic theories of the firm

Firm capabilities, resources, and the concept of strategy by 
 David J Teece(
                              Book
                              )3
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1990
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           9 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Operations, strategy, and technology : pursuing the competitive edge by 
 Robert H Hayes(
                              Book
                              )2
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           2005
                           in
                           Undetermined and English
                           and held by
                           9 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           "In Operations, Strategy, and Technology: Pursuing the Competitive Edge, Robert Hayes, Gary Pisano, David Upton, and Steven
                              Wheelwright take a fresh look at the foundations of corporate success. These four authors, all leading authorities from the
                              Harvard Business School, show how to achieve a competitive edge through superior operations - in a competitive environment
                              that is increasingly global in scope, reliant on information technology, and comprised of networks of suppliers and collaborators."--Jacket


Dynamic capabilities and strategic management : organizing for innovation and growth by 
 David J Teece(
                                 Book
                                 )6
                              editions published
                              
                              between
                              1992
                              and
                              1994
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              8 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              How do firms grow? How do firms compete? An influential answer to these fundamental questions of business strategy lies in
                                 the concept of dynamic capabilities. David Teece provides a clear statement of his ideas, and a framework for managers wishing
                                 to assess their organization's strategy

La estrategia en el panorama del negocio : texto y casos by 
 Pankaj Ghemawat(
                                 Book
                                 )1
                              edition published
                              
                              in
                              2000
                              in 
                              Spanish
                              and held by
                              6 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Disrupted routines : effects of team learning on new technology adaption by 
 Amy C Edmondson(
                                 Book
                                 )3
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              2000
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              4 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              This paper reports on a multimethod study of 16 hospitals implementing an innovative technology for cardiac surgery toinvestigate
                                 organizational adaptation to new technology and how group and organizational characteristics influences this process and its
                                 outcomes. The findings reveal substantial differences in how an identical technology was integrated into ongoing practice
                                 in a set of structurally homogeneous organizations. A set of factors at the group level of analysis differentiated successful
                                 and unsuccessful adopters: characteristics of operating room teams charged with implementing the new technology--such as team
                                 leader behavior, team psychological safety, team learning behavior, and boundary spanning--were associated with successful
                                 adoption. Team membership stability was associated with the rate of efficiency improvement using the new technology. Organizational
                                 factors, such as size, type (academic versus community hospital) and organizational support for and experience with innovation,
                                 were not associated with either outcome. We propose a theoretical model in which psychological safety and team learning behavior
                                 enable organization adaptation and team learning may moderate the strong relationship between structure and technology

The governance of innovation : vertical integration and collaborative arrangements in the biotechnology industries by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                                 Book
                                 )4
                              editions published
                              
                              between
                              1989
                              and
                              1991
                              in
                              English and Undetermined
                              and held by
                              4 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Nucleon, Inc by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                                 Book
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              between
                              1991
                              and
                              1994
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              3 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Crown Equipment Corporation : design services strategy by 
 Karen Johnson Freeze(
                                 Book
                                 )1
                              edition published
                              
                              in
                              1991
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              3 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Manufacturing, firm boundaries, and the protection of intellectual property by 
 Gary P Pisano(
                                 Book
                                 )3
                              editions published
                              
                              between
                              1991
                              and
                              1992
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              2 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Learning new technical and interpersonal routines in operating room teams : the case of minimally invasive cardiac surgery by 
 Amy C Edmondson(
                                 Book
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              1999
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              2 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              This study investigates operating room teams confronted with learning a radically new technology for performing cardiac surgery.
                                 Past research in medicine has found that experience using new techniques leads to steady improvement but has not investigated
                                 organizational and group characteristics that may facilitate obtaining the right kinds of experience and ultimately facilitate
                                 successful adoption of new approaches. This paper begins to address this gap by examining organizational and group characteristics
                                 that vary across operating room teams learning a new technology. A specific barrier to learning that these teams faced was
                                 the highly precise routines characterizing the conventional surgical procedure; the new technology disrupted these routines,
                                 requiring the operating room teams to relearn how to work together. The authors report on data collected in 165 interviews
                                 with members of the operating room and others associated with the cardiac surgery process at 16 hospitals

Foreign competition and domestic innovation : evidence from U.S. patents by 
 David H Autor(
                                 Book
                                 )5
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              2016
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              Manufacturing is the locus of U.S. innovation, accounting for more than three quarters of U.S. corporate patents. The rise
                                 of import competition from China has represented a major competitive shock to the sector, which in theory could benefit or
                                 stifle innovation. In this paper we empirically examine how rising import competition from China has affected U.S. innovation.
                                 We confront two empirical challenges in assessing the impact. We map all U.S. utility patents granted by March 2013 to firm-level
                                 data using a novel internet-based matching algorithm that corrects for a preponderance of false negatives when using firm
                                 names alone. And we contend with the fact that patenting is highly concentrated in certain product categories and that this
                                 concentration has been shifting over time. Accounting for secular trends in innovative activities, we find that the impact
                                 of the change in import exposure on the change in patents produced is strongly negative. It remains so once we add an extensive
                                 set of further industry- and firm-level controls. Rising import exposure also reduces global employment, global sales, and
                                 global R&D expenditure at the firm level. It would appear that a simple mechanism in which greater foreign competition induces
                                 U.S. manufacturing firms to contract their operations along multiple margins of activity goes a long way toward explaining
                                 the response of U.S. innovation to the China trade shock

Lessons from Hollywood: a new approach to funding R & D : Companies find it challenging to justify long-term, risky R & D
                                    investments, particularly in science-based fields such as biotechnology. Maybe it's time to consider a different financing
                                    model by 
 Andrew W Lo(
                                 
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              2016
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              0 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              


 
more
fewer



Audience Level


0





1


 
Kids
General
Special
 


                           Audience level: 
                           0.40
                           (from
                           0.15
                              for
                              Dynamic ca
                           ... to
                           0.88
                              for
                              The govern
                                 ...)
                                 

Related Identities
                        

Hayes, Robert H.  Author of introduction Author Editor 
Shih, Willy C.  
Upton, David M. 1959-  
Ghemawat, Pankaj  Author 
Collis, David J.  
Rivkin, Jan W.  
Huckman, Robert S.  Author 
National Bureau of Economic Research  
Teece, David J.  Author 
Shuen, Amy  





Useful Links


                                 Library of Congress Authority File (English)
                                 

                                 Virtual International Authority File.
                                 



Associated Subjects
Biotechnology industries Biotechnology industries--Management Biotechnology industries--Technological innovations Business planning Chemical industry--Technological innovations China Competition Competition, International Crown Equipment Corporation Decision making Dynamics Economic development Entrepreneurship Imports Industrial design Industrial management Industrial organization Information technology--Management Intellectual property International economic relations Management Manufactures--Management Manufacturing industries--Management Manufacturing processes Manufacturing processes--Technological innovations--Management Manufacturing resource planning New products Organizational change Patents--Economic aspects Pharmaceutical industry--Technological innovations Production management Production planning Research, Industrial Research and development partnership Strategic planning Surgeons Technological innovations Technological innovations--Economic aspects Technological innovations--Management United States University of California, Berkeley.--Graduate School of Business Administration Vertical integration





Alternative Names

Pisano, G. P. 1961-
Pisano, Gary 1961-
Pisano, Gary p
피사노, 개리
피사노, 개리 P
ピサノ, ゲイリー・P

Languages
English
                           (117)Spanish
                           (1)Portuguese
                           (1)Japanese
                           (1)
Covers








Google+


                     © 2010 OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Inc.  
                     
                  WorldCat Identities is covered by the
                  
                     OCLC ResearchWorks Terms and Conditions
                     
                  OCLC 6565 Kilgour Place, Dublin OH USA 43017
                  
               

                  Project Page
                  |
                     Feedback
                     |
                  Known Problems
                  
               





Science Business - Pisano, Gary P. - 9781591398400 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyTelevision: HBOWesternsAction/AdventureTelevision: British Mystery/DrChildren's VideoTelevision: SeriesTelevision: BBCTelevisionCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsPopular MusicCountry & WesternSoul/R&BJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11FictionJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREScience Business: The Promise, The Reality, And The Future Of Biotechby Pisano, Gary P.Why has the biotechnology industry failed to perform up to expectations?despite all its promise? In Science Business, Gary P. Pisano answers this question by providing an incisive critique of the industry. Pisano not only reveals the underlying causes of biotech's problems; he offers the most sophisticated analysis yet on how the industry works. And he provides clear prescriptions for companies, investors, and policy makers seeking ways to improve the industry's performance. According to Pisano, the biotech industry's problems stem from its special character as a science-based business. This character poses three unique business challenges: how to finance highly risky investments under profound uncertainty and long time horizons for R&D, how to learn rapidly enough to keep pace with advances in drug science knowledge, and how to integrate capabilities across a broad spectrum of scientific and technological knowledge bases.The key to fixing the industry? Business models, organisational structures, and financing arrangements that place greater emphasis on integration and long-term learning over shorter?term 'monetisation' of intellectual property. Pisano maintains that all industry players?biotech firms, investors, universities, pharmaceutical companies, government regulators?can play a role in righting the industry. The payoff? Valuable improvements in health care, and a shinier future for human well-being.Leadership, BiotechnologyCondition: Used - GoodHPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideFormat: HardcoverSold by: HPB WataugaSeller rating: Language: EnglishPublisher: Harvard Business School PrISBN-13: 9781591398400ISBN: 1591398401Publication Year: 2006Edition: 1HPB pick - In stock & ships todayHPB ships same day when order is received before 2pm Central timeUsed - Good$6.39 + $3.99 est. shippingAdd to CartLoading...Loading marketplace...HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: Mint condition or still sealed (SS). Absolutely perfect in every way. New.Fine/Like New (EX): No defects, little sign of use, well cared for. Plays perfectly. Close to new. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. Could be an unopened promotional or cut item. Sometimes called: mint-minus.Very Good (VG): Will show some signs that it was played and otherwise handled by a previous owner who took good care of it.Good (G): Attractive and well cared for, but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, scuffing or scratching, but will play almost perfectly. For vinyl: barely detectable crackles or pops.Fair (FR): This item is in okay condition. For vinyl: good is not so good and the record may have low level crackles or pops when playing. CD: one or more tracks may skip.Poor (P): Obviously well-worn and handled. Most vinyl collectors will not buy good or below, but some tracks on CD or vinyl will play.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions Guide×

Author Page for Gary P. Pisano :: SSRN
























REGISTER
SIGN IN






Email

This field is required
Password

This field is required

Sign in


Remember me

Forgot ID or Password?

Register now 




Public User






Your Account
User Home
Personal Info
Affiliations
Subscriptions
My Papers
My Briefcase
Sign out







Public User


















Advanced Search






















Feedback to SSRN


Feedback (required)



Email (required)





If you need immediate assistance, call 877-SSRNHelp (877 777 6435) in the United States, or +1 585 442 8170 outside of the United States, 8:30AM to 6:00PM U.S. Eastern, Monday - Friday.














Gary P. Pisano

Harvard Business School

Professor
Technology & Operations Management Unit
Morgan Hall
Boston, MA 02163
United States




Contact


Harvard Business School

Email

Tel: 617-495-6562


Fax: 617-496-5265







SCHOLARLY PAPERS
14

			DOWNLOADS
			Rank      1,180


SSRN RANKINGS
Top      1,180
in Total Papers Downloads

    19,179

			CITATIONS
			Rank     27,062


SSRN RANKINGS
Top     27,062
in Total Papers Citations

        9




Feedback












Scholarly Papers (14)











Sort by:
						

Paper Title, A-Z
Paper Title, Z-A
Author Name, A-Z
Author Name, Z-A
Date Posted, Ascending
Date Posted, Descending
Downloads, Ascending
Downloads, Descending
Citations, Ascending
Citations, Descending












Actions:


Email selected abstracts


View:
Selected
Original List

All Versions
Hide All Versions


All Abstracts
Hide All Abstracts



(Rank)
 






		1. 
		



Making Experience Count: The Role of Reflection in Individual Learning


			Harvard Business School NOM Unit Working Paper No. 14-093, Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Working Paper No. 14-093, HEC Paris Research Paper No. SPE-2016-1181
		

Number of pages: 37
Posted: 26 Mar 2014
Last Revised: 05 Dec 2016


Giada Di Stefano, Francesca Gino, Gary P. Pisano and Bradley R. Staats


			HEC Paris, Harvard Business School, Harvard Business School and University of North Carolina Kenan-Flagler Business School
		


Downloads
16,904
(117)










View PDF

Download







Abstract:


learning, codification, knowledge, self-efficacy, causal ambiguity, field experiment









		2. 
		



R&D Performance, Collaborative Arrangements and the Market for Know-How: A Test of the "Lemons" Hypothesis in Biotechnology


Number of pages: 37
Posted: 10 Nov 1997


			Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
 1,163
(13,603)


Citation
    5








View PDF

Download







Abstract:











		3. 
		



Towards a Prescriptive Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategic Choice, Learning, and Competition


			Harvard Business School Technology and Operations Management Unit Working Paper No. 16-146
		

Number of pages: 33
Posted: 30 Jun 2016


			Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
  375
(63,908)










View PDF

Download







Abstract:











												4.
												





The Evolution of Science-Based Business: Innovating How We Innovate



Downloads
  262
( 95,791)


Citation
    4









														2
														























The Evolution of Science-Based Business: Innovating How We Innovate


			Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Working Paper No. 10-62
		

Number of pages: 33
Posted: 02 Feb 2010


			Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
  262
(95,315)


Citation
    4







View PDF

Download







Abstract:














The Evolution of Science-Based Business: Innovating How We Innovate


			Industrial and Corporate Change, Vol. 19, Issue 2, pp. 465-482, 2010
		

Posted: 26 Apr 2010


			Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School
		
















Abstract:
















		5. 
		



A Normative Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategy, Know-How, and Competition


			Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Working Paper No. 16-036
		

Number of pages: 42
Posted: 30 Sep 2015


			Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
  242
(104,121)










View PDF

Download







Abstract:











		6. 
		



The Organizational and Geographic Drivers of Absorptive Capacity: An Empirical Analysis of Pharmaceutical R&D Laboratories


			Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Working Paper No. 14-098
		

Number of pages: 33
Posted: 12 Apr 2014


Francesca Lazzeri and Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School and Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
  155
(158,104)










View PDF

Download







Abstract:











		7. 
		



The Effect of Organizational Context on Individual Performance


			NBER Working Paper No. w10027
		

Number of pages: 34
Posted: 14 Oct 2003


Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School and Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
   53
(318,438)










View PDF

Download







Abstract:











												8.
												





Foreign Competition and Domestic Innovation: Evidence from U.S. Patents



Downloads
   25
(418,531)











														2
														























Foreign Competition and Domestic Innovation: Evidence from U.S. Patents


			NBER Working Paper No. w22879
		

Number of pages: 46
Posted: 05 Dec 2016


David H. Autor, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, Pian Shu and Gary P. Pisano
		

			Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) - Department of Economics, University of Zurich - Department of Economics, University of California, San Diego (UCSD) - Graduate School of International Relations and Pacific Studies (IRPS), Harvard University - Technology & Operations Management Unit and Harvard Business School
		


Downloads
   24
(436,426)








Add to Cart






Abstract:














Foreign Competition and Domestic Innovation: Evidence from U.S. Patents


			CEPR Discussion Paper No. DP11664
		

Number of pages: 48
Posted: 29 Nov 2016


David H. Autor, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, Gary P. Pisano and Pian Shu


			Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) - Department of Economics, University of Zurich - Department of Economics, University of California, San Diego (UCSD) - Graduate School of International Relations and Pacific Studies (IRPS), Harvard Business School and Harvard University - Technology & Operations Management Unit
		


Downloads
    1
(572,403)








Add to Cart






Abstract:


China, firms, import competition, innovation, patents, Trade














		9. 
		



Virgin Group: Finding New Avenues for Growth


			Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Case No. 612070
		

Posted: 05 Jun 2012


			Gary P. Pisano and Elena Corsi


			Harvard Business School and Harvard Business School, Europe Research Center
		

















Abstract:











		10. 
		



Amyris Biotechnologies: Commercializing Biofuel


			Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Case No. 610-031
		

Posted: 14 Mar 2012


			Gary P. Pisano and Alison Berkley Wagonfeld


			Harvard Business School and Harvard Business School
		

















Abstract:











		11. 
		



Innovation and Growth at Actelion Ltd.


			Harvard Business School Organizational Behavior Unit Case No. 611-065
		

Posted: 12 Mar 2012


			Gary P. Pisano, Daniela Beyersdorfer and Ruth Dittrich


			Harvard Business School, Harvard Business School, Europe Research Center and Harvard Business School
		

















Abstract:











		12. 
		



Fiat-Chrysler Alliance: Launching the Cinquecento in North America


			Harvard Business School General Management Unit Case No. 611-037
		

Posted: 08 Mar 2012


			Gary P. Pisano, Phillip Andrews and Alessandro Di Fiore


			Harvard Business School, affiliation not provided to SSRN and European Center For Strategic Innovation
		

















Abstract:











		13. 
		



MorphoSys AG: The Evolution of a Biotechnology Business Model


			Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Case No. 611-046
		

Posted: 28 Feb 2012


			Gary P. Pisano, Ryan C. Johnson and Carin Knoop


			Harvard Business School, Harvard Business School and affiliation not provided to SSRN


















Abstract:











		14. 
		



The R&D Boundaries of the Firm: An Empirical Analysis


			University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's Academy for Entrepreneurial Leadership Historical Research Reference in Entrepreneurship
		

Posted: 17 Nov 2009


			Gary P. Pisano
		

			Harvard Business School
		

















Abstract:


Industrial research, Technological change, Market competition, Firm characteristics, R&D management, Technology innovation, Management decisions, Product development, Pharmaceutical industry, Biotechnology industry, Established firms, Large firms, Outsourcing, Transaction costs













Feedback























					Submit a Paper
					

Section 508 Text Only Pages


Quick Links 

Research Paper Series
Conference Papers
Partners in Publishing
Organization Homepages
Newsletter Sign Up



Rankings 

Top Papers
Top Authors
Top Organizations



About 

SSRN Objectives
Network Directors
Presidential Letter
Announcements
Contact us
FAQs

















Copyright
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy


Cookies are used by this site. To decline or learn more, visit our Cookies page.
					


This page was processed by apollo7 in   0.625 seconds 
















 



	Gary P. Pisano - Working Knowledge - Harvard Business School
























































	


















Harvard Business School


















HBS Home


About
Academic Programs
Alumni
Faculty & Research



Baker Library
Campaign
Harvard Business Review
Initiatives
News
Recruit



Map / Directions











Working Knowledge
Business Research for Business Leaders




                   Browse All Articles

                    About Us

                    Newsletter Sign-Up

                    RSS












Cold Call

A podcast featuring faculty discussing cases they've written and the lessons they impart.
Subscribe on iTunes















26 Jul 2017
Cold Call Podcast


The Revolution in Advertising: From Don Draper to Big Data

Advertising in the digital age bears little resemblance to the Mad Men depiction—the Don Drapers of advertising have been replaced by big data and the people who work with it. Professor John Deighton, the author of the case "WPP: From Mad Men to Math Men (and Women)," and Sir Martin Sorrell, founder and group chief executive of WPP and the protagonist in the case, discuss how WPP has been successful in the new advertising world order, where algorithms and robots rule. 
								Open for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.
Read the Transcript







Filter Results: 
                            (30)



Filter Results: 
                            (30)



















Browse All Articles
About Us
Newsletter Sign-Up
RSS







Pisano, Gary P. → 





                          Page 1 of 30 
                          Results →

















31 May 2017
Sharpening Your Skills


10 Harvard Business School Research Stories That Will Make Your Mouth Water
by Sean Silverthorne

							
									The food industry is under intense study at Harvard Business School. This story sampler looks at issues including restaurant marketing, chefs as CEOs, and the business of food science.
								
							Open for comment;  Comment(s) posted.





17 Jan 2017
Working Paper Summaries


Foreign Competition and Domestic Innovation: Evidence from US Patents
by David Autor, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, Pian Shu and Gary Pisano

							
									US firms in industries exposed to greater change in import competition from China have suffered worse growth in patenting and R&D spending than firms in industries exposed to less change in Chinese competition.
								
							
							




18 Nov 2016
Sharpening Your Skills


Sharpening Your Skills: Making a Fast Start on a New Job
by Sean Silverthorne

							
									Everyone has to begin a new job—even presidents! We look to the archives for what Harvard Business School experts have recommended for making a splashy start.
								
							Open for comment;  Comment(s) posted.





19 Jul 2016
Working Paper Summaries


Towards a Prescriptive Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategic Choice, Learning, and Competition
by Gary P. Pisano

							
									This paper explore how firms’ choices about capability investments shape competitive outcomes. In essence, while general-purpose management capabilities rooted in such activities as quality management systems and corporate governance may contribute to performance differences across firms, firms also need to develop market-specific capabilities to compete. It is also crucial to manage two types of uncertainty: supply side uncertainty to create new capabilities and demand side uncertainty about the value of those capabilities.
								
							
							




11 Jul 2016
HBS Case


Neurodiversity: The Benefits of Recruiting Employees with Cognitive Disabilities
by Roberta Holland

							
									Employers are increasingly finding fresh ideas and insights by recruiting workers with Autism Spectrum Disorder and other cognitive disabilities. Gary Pisano and Robert Austin discuss their case study, “SAP SE: Autism at Work.”
								
							Open for comment;  Comment(s) posted.





22 Oct 2015
Working Paper Summaries


A Normative Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategy, Know-How, and Competition
by Gary P. Pisano

							
									Gary Pisano examines how companies compete on "know how" by analyzing how they invest in different capabilities.
								
							
							




20 Jul 2015
Research & Ideas


Globalization Hasn’t Killed the Manufacturing Cluster
by Roberta Holland

							
									In today's global markets, companies have many choices to procure what they need to develop, build, and sell product. So who needs a manufacturing cluster, such as Detroit? Research by Gary Pisano and Giulio Buciuni shows that in some industries, location still matters.
								
							Open for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





29 May 2015
Working Paper Summaries


Can Marshall’s Clusters Survive Globalization?
by Giulio Buciuni & Gary P. Pisano

							
									When and why do manufacturing clusters survive globalization? According to case studies and analysis contained in this paper, 1) cluster decline is not an inevitable consequence of globalization, yet 2) once an industrial commons has eroded and a supply chain has disaggregated, it is very difficult to rebuild. Among the managerial implications of this research, managers needing to make long-term commitments toward supply chain configurations can be helped by understanding how location matters to manufacturing performance.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





05 May 2014
Research & Ideas


Reflecting on Work Improves Job Performance
by Carmen Nobel

							
									New research by Francesca Gino, Gary Pisano, and colleagues shows that taking time to reflect on our work improves job performance in the long run.
								
							Closed for comment; 26 Comment(s) posted.





11 Apr 2014
Working Paper Summaries


Learning By Thinking:  How Reflection Improves Performance
by Giada Di Stefano, Francesca Gino, Gary Pisano & Bradley Staats

							
									Knowledge plays an important role in the productivity and prosperity of economies, organizations, and individuals. Even so, research on learning has primarily focused on the role of doing (experience) in fostering progress over time. To compare the effectiveness of different sources of learning, the authors take a micro approach and study learning at the individual level. They argue that learning from direct experience can be more effective if coupled with reflection—that is, the intentional attempt to synthesize, abstract, and articulate the key lessons taught by experience. Using a mixed-method approach that combines laboratory experiments and a field study in a large business process outsourcing company in India, they find support for this prediction. Further, they find that the effect of reflection on learning is mediated by greater perceived ability to achieve a goal (i.e., self-efficacy). Together, these results reveal reflection to be a powerful mechanism behind learning, confirming the words of American philosopher, psychologist, and educational reformer John Dewey: "We do not learn from experience ... we learn from reflecting on experience." Key concepts include: Learning from direct experience can be more effective if coupled with reflection-that is, the intentional attempt to synthesize, abstract, and articulate the key lessons taught by experience. Reflecting on what has been learned makes experience more productive. Reflection builds one's confidence in the ability to achieve a goal (i.e., self-efficacy), which in turn translates into higher rates of learning.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





16 Dec 2013
HBS Case


D’O: Making a Michelin-Starred Restaurant Affordable
by Carmen Nobel & Joanie Tobin

							
									Under the leadership of Chef Davide Oldani, the Italian restaurant D'O balances Michelin-star-level quality with affordable prices. In the following story and video, Professor Gary Pisano explains how Oldani does it.
								
							Open for comment; 10 Comment(s) posted.





20 May 2013
Op-Ed


Making America an Industrial Powerhouse Again
by Gary Pisano

							
									President Obama's funding of the National Network of Manufacturing Innovation is a needed step to get the country building again, says Professor Gary Pisano.
								
							Closed for comment; 7 Comment(s) posted.





17 Oct 2012
Research & Ideas


America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance
by Gary P. Pisano & Willy C. Shih

							
									In their new book, Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance, Harvard Business School professors Gary P. Pisano and Willy C. Shih discuss the dangers of underinvesting in the nation's manufacturing capabilities. This excerpt discusses the importance of the "industrial commons."
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





03 Oct 2012
What Do You Think?


Can We Bring Back the “Industrial Commons” for Manufacturing?
by James Heskett

							
									Summing Up: Does the US have the political will or educational ability to remake its manufacturing sector on the back of an 'industrial commons?' Professor Jim Heskett's readers are dubious.
								
							Closed for comment; 26 Comment(s) posted.





11 May 2012
Working Paper Summaries


Creating an R&D Strategy
by Gary P. Pisano

							
									This note by Gary P. Pisano provides a framework for designing an R&D strategy. It starts with the simple notion that a strategy is a system approach to solving a problem. An R&D strategy is defined a coherent set of interrelated choices across decision concerning: organizational architecture, processes, people, and project portfolios. To illustrate the framework, we use examples of three pharmaceutical companies and examine how their different R&D strategies were rooted in different assumptions about the core driver of R&D performance. This suggests that the very first question to be answered in strategy development is: What's our shared understanding of the root cause of the problem we are trying to solve? Key concepts include: A good strategy provides consistency, coherence, and alignment. The "game plan" for an R&D organization can be broken down into 4 strategic levers: architecture, processes, people, and portfolio. Together, decisions made in each of these categories constitute the R&D strategy. R&D performance results from the interaction of many different decisions and choices, including the size and location of R&D facilities, the division of labor between various groups, the choice of technologies used inside the R&D organization, the selection of personnel, the allocation of resources, the design of processes for managing projects, and other factors.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





28 Mar 2011
Research & Ideas


Why Manufacturing Matters
by Roger Thompson

							
									After decades of outsourcing, America's ability to innovate and create high-tech products essential for future prosperity is on the decline, argue professors Gary Pisano and Willy Shih. Is it too late to get it back? From HBS Alumni Bulletin.
								
							Closed for comment; 44 Comment(s) posted.





19 Feb 2010
Working Paper Summaries


The Evolution of Science-Based Business: Innovating How We Innovate
by Gary P. Pisano

							
									Science has long been connected to innovation and thus to the business enterprise. However, the nature of the connection between science and business in recent decades has begun to change in important ways. On the one hand, we have witnessed the decline of corporate industrial laboratories. At the same time, we have seen the emergence of a new class of entrepreneurial firms that are deeply immersed in science in sectors like biotech, nanotech, and more recently energy. HBS professor Gary P. Pisano examines the changing nature of the science-business intersection and describes the emergence of a science-based business as a novel organizational form. He also describes the institutional and organizational challenges created by this convergence. Key concepts include: Science-based businesses face unique challenges as they straddle two worlds with very different time horizons, risks, expectations, and norms. The professions of management and of science are still largely separate: Scientists receive no formal training in management, and MBAs receive no training in science. This is a striking gap. Today the "invisible hand" of markets increasingly governs science-based businesses. Assessing this form of governance against the requirements of science-based businesses suggests the need for organizational innovation.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





27 Aug 2008
Research & Ideas


Creating Leaders for Science-Based Businesses
by Garry Emmons

							
									The unique challenges of managing and leading science-based businesses—certain to be a driver of this century's new economy—demand new management paradigms. At Harvard Business School, the opportunities start just across the street. From HBS Alumni Bulletin. Key concepts include: Despite the hundreds of billions of dollars invested in biotech in recent decades, most biotech companies do not turn a profit. Science-based companies require a different kind of leadership, which HBS intends to develop through research, analysis and teaching. Harvard's new science complex being built across from Harvard Business School presents many opportunities for cross-fertilization.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





31 Mar 2008
HBS Case


JetBlue’s Valentine’s Day Crisis
by Julia Hanna

							
									It was the Valentine's Day from hell for JetBlue employees and more than 130,000 customers. Under bad weather, JetBlue fliers were trapped on the runway at JFK for hours, many ultimately delayed by days. How did the airline make it right with customers and learn from its mistakes? A discussion with Harvard Business School professor Robert S. Huckman. Key concepts include: JetBlue's dependence on a reservations system that relied on a dispersed workforce and the Web broke down when thousands of passengers needed to rebook at once. A crisis forces an organization to evaluate its operating processes rapidly and decide where it needs to create greater formalization or structure.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.





12 Jul 2007
Working Paper Summaries


Toward a Theory of Behavioral Operations
by Francesca Gino & Gary Pisano

							
									Research in psychology over the past several decades teaches us that behavioral biases and cognitive limits are not just "noise"; they systematically affect (and often distort) people's judgment and decision making. Despite such advances, however, most scholarly research in operations management still assumes that agents—be they decision makers, problem solvers, implementers, workers, or customers—either are fully rational or can be induced to behave rationally, usually with economic incentives. This paper builds on earlier studies to explore the theoretical and practical implications of incorporating behavioral and cognitive factors into operations management models. It then points to fruitful areas for future research. Key concepts include: A behavioral approach to operations management can lead to a better understanding of underlying drivers of operating systems performance and also to a better understanding of puzzling "pathologies" such as excess inventory, late product development projects, and overcommitment to research and development projects. A behavioral perspective can lead to better identification of appropriate management interventions.
								
							Closed for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.









1
2
…
1
2
→
















 







ǁ 
















                    
    Harvard Business School Working Knowledge
    Baker Library | Bloomberg Center
    Soldiers Field
    Boston, MA 02163
    Fax:  1.617.495.6791
    Email: Editor-in-Chief



→
Map & Directions



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



 
 
 






HBS Facebook





Alumni Facebook





Executive Education Facebook





Michael Porter Facebook





Working Knowledge Facebook





HBS Twitter





Executive Education Twitter





HBS Alumni Twitter





Michael Porter Twitter





Recruiting Twitter





Rock Center Twitter





Working Knowledge Twitter





Jobs Twitter





HBS Youtube





Michael Porter Youtube





Executive Education Youtube





HBS Linkedin





Alumni Linkedin





Executive Education Linkedin





MBA Linkedin





Linkedin





HBS Google Plus





Executive Education Google Plus





HBS Instagram





Alumni Instagram





Executive Education Instagram





Michael Porter Instagram





HBS iTunes





Executive Education iTunes





HBS Tumblr





Executive Education Weibo





HBS Snapchat





Executive Education Wechat



→All Social Media


→
All Social Media










Site Map
Jobs
Harvard University
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College












 



Gary Pisano: Biography

























































HOME
BIOGRAPHY
RESEARCH
CONSULTING
FEATURED WORK
SPEAKING
MEDIA
CONTACT





Home
Biography
Research
Consulting
Featured Work
Media
Contact

















Biography










Gary P. Pisano
Gary Pisano is the Harry E. Figgie Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School. He joined the Harvard faculty in 1988. Pisano’s research, teaching, and consulting have focused on technology strategy, the management of innovation and intellectual property, competitive strategy, and manufacturing and outsourcing strategy. His work on these issues spans a range of science and technology based industries including aerospace, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals, specialty chemicals, health care, nutrition, computers, software, telecommunications, and semiconductors.
Pisano is the author of over 70 articles and case studies. His "Restoring American Competitiveness" (co-authored with Willy Shih) won the McKinsey Award for best article published in Harvard Business Review in 2009. He is also co-author of the award winning article, "Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management" (Strategic Management Journal, 1997), one of the most widely cited publications in economics and business since 1995.  His article "How to Capture Value from Innovation: Shaping Intellectual Property and Industry Architecture" (California Management Review) was a finalist for the 2008 Accenture Award. He has also written case studies on such companies as Amazon, BMW, Fiat-Chrysler, IBM, Intel, Jet Blue, Merck, Eli Lilly, Vertex, Teradyne, Flextronics, Virgin Group, and VF Brands. He is an author of six books including The Development Factory; Operations, Strategy, and Technology; Science Business: The Promise, The Reality and The Future of Biotech and, most recently, Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance. 

Professor Pisano serves as an advisor to senior executives at leading companies throughout the world and has served on the Board of Directors and Advisory Boards of a number of start-up companies. He is a co-founder along with chemistry Nobel Laureate Richard Schrock and others of XiMo AG, a developer of specialty catalysts for the pharmaceutical and fine chemicals industries (www.ximo-inc.com). He also recently co-founded an importer of fine European textiles for the home decoration market (www.viewofcortina.com). He speaks widely at industry conferences and to senior executive audiences. Professor Pisano holds a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley and B.A. in economics from Yale University.
My CV and List of Publications
 





    
         
    
    
  









© 2014 Gary Pisano

























	Gary P. Pisano 
			                	- Faculty - Harvard Business School




















Gary P. Pisano - Faculty - Harvard Business School

















































	











Go to main content








Harvard Business School


















HBS Home


About
Academic Programs
Alumni
Faculty & Research



Baker Library
Campaign
Harvard Business Review
Initiatives
News
Recruit



Map / Directions












Faculty & Research


HOME

							FACULTY

		
							RESEARCH


Global Research Centers
HBS Case Collection




HBS Case Development
Initiatives & Projects




Publications
Research Associate (RA) Positions




Research Services
Seminars & Conferences






							FEATURED TOPICS


Business and Environment
Business History
Entrepreneurship




Finance
Globalization
Health Care




Human Behavior and Decision-Making
Leadership
Social Enterprise




Technology and Innovation






							ACADEMIC UNITS


Accounting and Management
Business, Government and the International Economy
Entrepreneurial Management




Finance
General Management
Marketing




Negotiation, Organizations & Markets
Organizational Behavior
Strategy




Technology and Operations Management







 



















Unit: 
									Technology and Operations Management
Contact:
(617) 495-6562
Send Email

Additional Information


Curriculum Vitae
Press / Media
Gary Pisano's Home Page
Gary Pisano in Harvard Business Review
Gary Pisano in Working Knowledge




            Areas of Interest

competitive strategy
operations strategy
organizational learning
product development
technology strategy



			            Additional Topics
					

life sciences

Industries

biotechnology
electronics
health care
manufacturing
pharmaceuticals

Geographies

Europe
North America
Western Europe


MORE











		
		
        Gary P. Pisano
	
Harry E. Figgie, Jr. Professor of Business Administration

 
Print Entire ProfileMore

Gary Pisano is the Harry E. Figgie Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School. He has been on the Harvard faculty since 1988. Pisano’s research, teaching, and consulting have focused on technology strategy, the management of innovation and intellectual property, competitive strategy, and manufacturing and outsourcing strategy. His work on these issues spans a range of science and technology based industries including aerospace, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals, specialty chemicals, health care, nutrition, computers, software, telecommunications, and semiconductors.
Pisano is the author of over 70 articles and case studies. His "Restoring American Competitiveness" (co-authored with Willy Shih) won the McKinsey Award for best article published in Harvard Business Review in 2009. He is also co-author of the award winning article, "Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management" (Strategic Management Journal, 1997), one of the most widely cited publications in economics and business since 1995.  His article "How to Capture Value from Innovation: Shaping Intellectual Property and Industry Architecture" (California Management Review) was a finalist for the 2008 Accenture Award. He has also written case studies on such companies as Amazon, BMW, Fiat-Chrysler, IBM, Intel, Jet Blue, Merck, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, Vertex, Teradyne, Flextronics, Virgin Group, and VF Brands. He is an author of six books including The Development Factory; Operations, Strategy, and Technology; Science Business: The Promise, The Reality and The Future of Biotech and, most recently, Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance.
Professor Pisano serves as an advisor to senior executives at leading companies throughout the world and has served on the Board of Directors and Advisory Boards of a number of start-up companies. He is a co-founder along with chemistry Nobel Laureate Richard Schrock and others of XiMo AG, a developer of specialty catalysts for the pharmaceutical and fine chemicals industries (www.ximo-inc.com). He also recently co-founded an importer of fine European textiles for the home decoration market (www.viewofcortina.com). He speaks widely at industry conferences and to senior executive audiences. Professor Pisano holds a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley and B.A. in economics from Yale University.Print Entire ProfileLess



Books





			Book        
		
| 
		   2012
		
		
		
		

Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance
Gary P. Pisano and Willy Shih
For years—even decades—in response to intensifying global competition, American companies decided to outsource their manufacturing operations in order to reduce costs. But we are now seeing the alarming long-term effect of those choices: in many cases, once manufacturing capabilities go away, so does much of the ability to innovate and compete. Manufacturing, it turns out, really matters in an innovation-driven economy. In Producing Prosperity, Harvard Business School professors Gary Pisano and Willy Shih show the disastrous consequences of years of poor sourcing decisions and underinvestment in manufacturing capabilities. They reveal how today's undervalued manufacturing operations often hold the seeds of tomorrow's innovative new products, arguing that companies must reinvest in new product and process development in the U.S. industrial sector. Only by reviving this "industrial commons" can the world's largest economy build the expertise and manufacturing muscle to regain competitive advantage. America needs a manufacturing renaissance—for restoring itself and for the global economy as a whole. This will require major changes. Pisano and Shih show how company-level choices are key to the sustained success of industries and economies, and they provide business leaders with a framework for understanding the links between manufacturing and innovation that will enable them to make better outsourcing decisions. They also detail how government must change its support of basic and applied scientific research and promote collaboration between business and academia. For executives, policymakers, academics, and innovators alike, Producing Prosperity provides the clearest and most compelling account yet of how the American economy lost its competitive edge—and how to get it back.
Keywords: competitive advantage; 
				  Job Cuts and Outsourcing; 
				  Production; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  Transformation; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Willy Shih. Producing Prosperity: Why America Needs a Manufacturing Renaissance. Boston, MA: Harvard Business Review Press, 2012. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Book        
		
| 
		   2006
		
		
		
		

Science Business: The Promise, the Reality, and the Future of Biotech
Gary P. Pisano
Why has the biotechnology industry failed to perform up to expectations—despite all its promise? In Science Business, Gary P. Pisano answers this question by providing an incisive critique of the industry. Pisano not only reveals the underlying causes of biotech's problems, he offers the most sophisticated analysis yet on how the industry works. And he provides clear prescriptions for companies, investors, and policymakers seeking ways to improve the industry's performance. According to Pisano, the biotech industry's problems stem from its special character as a science-based business. This character poses three unique business challenges: 1) how to finance highly risky investments under profound uncertainty and long time horizons for R&D, 2) how to learn rapidly enough to keep pace with advances in drug science knowledge, and 3) how to integrate capabilities across a broad spectrum of scientific and technological knowledge bases. The key to fixing the industry? Business models, organizational structures, and financing arrangements that place greater emphasis on integration and long-term learning over shorter-term monetization of intellectual property. Pisano maintains that all industry players—biotech firms, investors, universities, pharmaceutical companies, government regulators—can play a role in righting the industry. The payoff? Valuable improvements in health care, and a shinier future for human well-being.
Keywords: Science; 
				  Business Ventures; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. Science Business: The Promise, the Reality, and the Future of Biotech. Boston: Harvard Business School Press, 2006. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Book        
		
| 
		   2004
		
		
		
		

Operations, Strategy, and Technology: Pursuing the Competitive Edge
Robert H. Hayes, Gary P. Pisano, David M. Upton and S. C. Wheelwright
Keywords: Operations; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  

Citation:Hayes, Robert H., Gary P. Pisano, David M. Upton, and S. C. Wheelwright. Operations, Strategy, and Technology: Pursuing the Competitive Edge. Indianapolis, IN: John Wiley & Sons, 2004. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Book        
		
| 
		   1996
		
		
		
		

The Development Factory: Unlocking the Potential of Process Innovation
G. P. Pisano
Keywords: Business Processes; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, G. P. The Development Factory: Unlocking the Potential of Process Innovation. Boston: Harvard Business School Press, 1996. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Book        
		
| 
		   1996
		
		
		
		

Strategic Operations: Competing through Capabilities
R. H. Hayes, G. P. Pisano and D. M. Upton
Keywords: Operations; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Hayes, R. H., G. P. Pisano, and D. M. Upton. Strategic Operations: Competing through Capabilities. New York: Free Press, 1996. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Manual        
		
| 
		   1996
		
		
		
		

Instructor's Manual, Strategic Operations: Competing through Capabilities
R. H. Hayes, G. P. Pisano and D. M. Upton
Keywords: Competitive Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Hayes, R. H., G. P. Pisano, and D. M. Upton. Instructor's Manual, Strategic Operations: Competing through Capabilities. New York: Free Press, 1996. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Book        
		
| 
		   1995
		
		
		
		

Manufacturing Renaissance
G. P. Pisano and R. H. Hayes
Keywords: Manufacturing Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, G. P. and R. H. Hayes, eds. Manufacturing Renaissance. Boston: Harvard Business School Press, 1995. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related








Journal Articles





			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Neurodiversity as a Competitive Advantage
Robert D. Austin and Gary P. Pisano
Many people with neurological conditions such as autism spectrum disorder and dyslexia have extraordinary skills, including those in pattern recognition, memory, and mathematics. Yet they often struggle to fit the profiles sought by employers. A growing number of companies, including SAP, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, and Microsoft, have reformed their HR processes in order to access neurodiverse talent—and are seeing productivity gains, quality improvement, boosts in innovative capabilities, and increased employee engagement as a result. The programs vary but have seven major elements in common. Companies should 1) team with governments or nonprofits experienced in working with people with disabilities, 2) use noninterview assessment processes, 3) train other workers and managers in what to expect, 4) set up a support system, 5) tailor methods for managing careers, 6) scale the program, 7) mainstream the program. The work for managers will be harder, but the payoff to companies will be considerable: access to more of their employees’ talents, along with diverse perspectives that will help them compete.
Keywords: Competitive Advantage; 
				  Diversity; 
				  Competency and Skills; 
				  

Citation:Austin, Robert D., and Gary P. Pisano. "Neurodiversity as a Competitive Advantage." Harvard Business Review 95, no. 3 (May–June 2017): 96–103. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Register to Read
			
Related









			Article        
		
| MIT Sloan Management Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Lessons From Hollywood: A New Approach To Funding R&D
Gary P. Pisano and Andrew W. Lo
Companies find it increasingly difficult to justify long-term, risky R&D investments—particularly in science-based fields such as biotechnology, advanced materials, and energy. We argue in this article that the traditional venture model has limits for such investments and suggest an alternative structure focused on financing of individual projects, rather than financing of whole firms. We call this structure a "project-focused organization" (PFO). PFOs are entities that are created with the sole purpose of conducting a specific R&D project. When the project is completed, the PFO is disbanded, residual returns (if there are any) are distributed to investors, and intellectual property and other assets are sold-off. We argue that PFOs are an attractive alternative to both the traditional vertical integration model and the venture capital/entrepreneurial start-up model. Analogous structured are commonly used to finance and organize the creation and production of movies. We discuss how PFOs could work in practice, using the example of biopharmaceutical R&D, although we argue the structure has much broader applicability.
Keywords: financial innovation; 
				  financial strategy; 
				  project management; 
				  R＆D; 
				  start-up; 
				  Innovation Strategy; 
				  Business Model; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Financial Management; 
				  Risk Management; 
				  Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Andrew W. Lo. "Lessons From Hollywood: A New Approach To Funding R&D." MIT Sloan Management Review 57, no. 2 (Winter 2016): 47–54. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

You Need an Innovation Strategy
Gary P. Pisano
Why is it so hard to build and maintain the capacity to innovate? The reason is not simply a failure to execute but a failure to articulate an innovation strategy that aligns innovation efforts with the overall business strategy. Without such a strategy, companies will have a hard time weighing the trade-offs of various practices—such as crowdsourcing and customer co-creation—and so may end up with a grab bag of approaches. They will have trouble designing a coherent innovation system that fits their competitive needs over time and may be tempted to ape someone else's system, and so they will find it difficult to align different parts of the organization with shared priorities. As Corning, a leader in glass and materials science, has found, an innovation strategy must address how innovation will create value for potential customers, how the company will capture a share of that value, and what types of innovation to pursue. Critics tend to discount "routine" innovation that leverages a company's existing technical capabilities and business model and extol "disruptive" innovation, but that is a simplistic view. A company's unique competitive circumstances should dictate the innovation portfolio it pursues. Because innovation cuts across functions, only senior leaders can set an innovation strategy. In doing so, they must recognize that the strategy, like the process of innovation itself, requires continual experimentation and adaptation.
Keywords: Innovation Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "You Need an Innovation Strategy." Harvard Business Review 93, no. 6 (June 2015): 44–54. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Nature Reviews: Drug Discovery
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Beyond Magic Bullets: True Innovation in Health Care
Vaibhav A. Narayan, Marco Mohwinckel, Gary Pisano, Michael Yang and Husseini Manji
The molecular medicine revolution—based on advances in fields such as genomics and network modeling in the decade since the human genome sequence was completed—has changed the way we think about, study, and approach the development of novel therapies. However, these advances in knowledge have so far not been reflected in substantial medical progress in many areas. The problem is not due to a lack of resources or incentives, but a model of innovation that too often fragments efforts by treatment modality (drugs, devices, diagnostics, and clinical treatment). We may improve individual technologies of health care, but fail to provide integrated solutions. In this paper, we argue that innovation in health care needs to go "beyond the pill" and systematically integrate combinations of treatments. We discuss the implications of this approach for organizational and business models in the pharmaceutical industry.
Keywords: Integration; 
				  Business Model; 
				  Organizational Structure; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Narayan, Vaibhav A., Marco Mohwinckel, Gary Pisano, Michael Yang, and Husseini Manji. "Beyond Magic Bullets: True Innovation in Health Care." Nature Reviews: Drug Discovery 12, no. 2 (February 2013): 85–86. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Does America Really Need Manufacturing?
Gary P. Pisano and Willy C. Shih
Too many U.S. companies base decisions about where to locate production largely on narrow financial criteria. They don't consider whether keeping manufacturing at home makes more sense strategically or take into account the impact it might have on their ability to innovate. The result has been an exodus of manufacturing from America, which has weakened the capabilities that domestic firms need to keep inventing high-quality, cost-competitive products. One problem is that it's hard to tell when moving production far from R&D will do damage. To make that determination, we say that executives need to examine two things. The first is modularity, or the degree to which product design can be separated from manufacturing. When modularity is low, product designs can't be clearly specified and design choices affect manufacturing processes in subtle, difficult-to-predict ways (and vice versa). The second is the maturity of the manufacturing process. Immature processes are ripe for innovation, but over time opportunities for improvement become incremental. Viewed through the modularity-maturity lens, relationships between manufacturing and innovation fall into four quadrants: pure product innovation, pure process innovation, process-embedded innovation, and process-driven innovation. In the first two quadrants, locating design near production isn't critical, but separating the two functions is risky in the third and fourth quadrants. This framework will help business leaders make better sourcing decisions and reinvigorate America's innovation-driven economy.
Keywords: Production; 
				  Geographic Location; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  Product Design; 
				  Risk Management; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Willy C. Shih. "Does America Really Need Manufacturing?" Harvard Business Review 90, no. 3 (March 2012). View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Why Leaders Don't Learn from Success
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
We argue that for a variety of psychological reasons, it is often much harder for leaders and organizations to learn from success than to learn from failure. Success creates three kinds of traps that often impede deep learning. The first is attribution error or the tendency to see superior performance as rooted in one's actions rather than other factors (such as luck). The second is that success feeds overconfidence bias, which can then blind leaders to potential future problems and opportunities for innovation. The third is a tendency to fail to probe the root causes of success. Whereas post-mortems after failure are becoming a norm in many organizations, such soul searching rarely occurs after success. This causes leaders and their organizations to miss opportunities to develop deep causal knowledge that can lead to greater long-term improvements. We suggest a number of concrete actions leaders can take to help themselves and their organizations avoid the success-breeds-failure trap.
Keywords: Learning; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  Leadership; 
				  Failure; 
				  Success; 
				  Performance Evaluation; 
				  Prejudice and Bias; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Why Leaders Don't Learn from Success." Harvard Business Review 89, no. 4 (April 2011): 68–74. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Industrial and Corporate Change
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

The Evolution of Science-Based Business: Innovating How We Innovate
Gary P. Pisano
Science has long been connected to innovation and to business. As early as the late 19th century, chemical companies, realizing the commercial potential of science, created the first industrial research laboratories. During much of the 20th century, large-scale business enterprises like DuPont, GE, Westinghouse, IBM, Kodak, Xerox (PARC), and AT&T (Bell Laboratories) created in-house labs capable of first-rate basic scientific research. In recent decades, however, the connection between science and business has begun to change in important ways. While the corporate lab declined, new "science-based businesses" in sectors like biotech, nanotech, and energy emerged. Universities also became active players in the commercialization of science. In short, science has become a business. This essay examines the institutional and organizational challenges created by this convergence of science and business through a Chandlerian lens. It highlights three fundamental challenges of science-based businesses: 1) managing and rewarding long-term risk, 2) integrating across technical disciplines, and 3) learning. Whereas these challenges were once managed inside the boundaries of corporate R&D labs—under the auspices of Chandler's visible hand—today the invisible hand of markets increasingly governs them. An assessment of this form of governance against the requirements of science-based businesses suggests a gap and a need for organizational innovation.
Keywords: Entrepreneurship; 
				  Governance; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  Risk Management; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Science-Based Business; 
				  Commercialization; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "The Evolution of Science-Based Business: Innovating How We Innovate." Special Issue on Management Innovation—Essays in the Spirit of Alfred D. Chandler. Industrial and Corporate Change 19, no. 2 (April 2010): 465–482. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Restoring American Competitiveness
Gary P. Pisano and Willy C. Shih
For decades, U.S. companies have been outsourcing manufacturing in the belief that it held no competitive advantage. That's been a disaster, maintain Harvard professors Pisano and Shih, because today's low-value manufacturing operations hold the seeds of tomorrow's innovative new products. What those companies have been ceding is the country's industrial commons—that is, the collective operational capabilities that underpin new product and process development in the U.S. industrial sector. As a result, America has lost not only the ability to develop and manufacture high-tech products like televisions, memory chips, and laptops but also the expertise to produce emerging hot products like the Kindle e-reader, high-end servers, solar panels, and the batteries that will power the next generation of automobiles. To rebuild the commons and restore its wealth-generating machine will require government and industry in the U.S. to make two drastic changes: First, the government must change the way it supports basic and applied scientific research to promote the broad collaboration with business and academia needed to tackle society's big problems. Second, corporate management practices and governance structures must be overhauled so they no longer exaggerate the payoffs and discount the dangers of outsourcing production and cutting investments in R&D. Restoring the ability of enterprises to develop and manufacture high-tech products in America is the only way the country can hope to pay down its enormous deficits and raise its citizens' standard of living. 
Keywords: Competitive Advantage; 
				  Value; 
				  Production; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Government and Politics; 
				  Social Issues; 
				  Management Practices and Processes; 
				  Investment; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Job Cuts and Outsourcing; 
				  Competency and Skills; 
				  Service Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Willy C. Shih. "Restoring American Competitiveness." Harvard Business Review 87, nos. 7-8 (July–August 2009). (Winner of McKinsey Award. First Place For the best articles published each year in the Harvard Business Review presented by McKinsey & Company​.) View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Which Kind of Collaboration Is Right for You?
Roberto Verganti and Gary P. Pisano
Nowadays, virtually no companies innovate alone. Firms team up with a variety of partners, in a wide number of ways, to create new technologies, products, and services. But what is the best way to leverage the power of outsiders? To help executives answer that question, Pisano, of Harvard Business School, and Verganti, of Politecnico di Milano, developed a simple framework focused on two questions: Given your strategy, how open or closed should your network of collaborators be? And who should decide which problems to tackle and which solutions to adopt? There are four basic modes of collaboration, say the authors. An elite circle is a closed network with a hierarchical governance: One company selects the participants, defines the problem, and chooses the solution. For instance, Alessi, an Italian home-products company, invited 200 outside experts in postmodern architecture to contribute ideas for new home-product designs. An innovation mall is hierarchical but open: Anyone can post a problem or propose solutions in it, but the company posting the problem chooses the solution. An example is InnoCentive.com, an eBay-like site where companies post scientific challenges. An innovation community is open and decentralized: Anyone can propose problems, offer solutions, and decide which ideas to use - as happens in the open-source software community Linux. A consortium is a private group of participants that operate as equals and jointly select problems, decide how to conduct work, and choose solutions. IBM has set up a number of consortia with other companies to develop next-generation semiconductor technologies. No one approach is superior; each involves strategic trade-offs. When choosing among modes, firms must weigh their advantages and challenges, and assess which will work best with their strategy, capabilities, structure, and assets.
Keywords: Cost vs Benefits; 
				  Framework; 
				  Collaborative Innovation and Invention; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  Partners and Partnerships; 
				  Social and Collaborative Networks; 
				  Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Verganti, Roberto, and Gary P. Pisano. "Which Kind of Collaboration Is Right for You?" Harvard Business Review 86, no. 12 (December 2008). View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Manufacturing & Service Operations Management
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Toward a Theory of Behavioral Operations
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Human beings are critical to the functioning of the vast majority of operating systems, influencing both the way these systems work and how they perform. Yet most formal analytical models of operations assume that the people who participate in operating systems are fully rational or at least can be induced to behave rationally. Many other disciplines, including economics, finance, and marketing, have successfully incorporated departures from this rationality assumption into their models and theories. In this paper, we argue that operations management scholars should do the same. We highlight initial studies that have adopted a "behavioral operations perspective" and explore the theoretical and practical implications of incorporating behavioral and cognitive factors into models of operations. Specifically, we address three questions: 1) What is a behavioral perspective on operations? 2) What might be the intellectual added value of such a perspective? 3) What are the basic elements of behavioral operations research?
Keywords: Management Systems; 
				  Operations; 
				  Mathematical Methods; 
				  Behavior; 
				  Cognition and Thinking; 
				  Perspective; 
				  Theory; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Toward a Theory of Behavioral Operations." Manufacturing & Service Operations Management 10, no. 4 (fall 2008): 676–691. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| California Management Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

How to Capture Value from Innovation: Shaping Intellectual Property and Industry Architecture
Gary P. Pisano and David J. Teece
Capturing value from innovation requires innovators to figure out how to blunt inroads into the profit stream by imitators, customers, suppliers, and other providers of complementary products and services. In making strategic decisions around technology commercialization, managers often assume that the intellectual property environment and the architecture of the industry are beyond their control. This need not be so. Shows how managers can shape both the appropriability regime and the architecture of the industry in ways that can benefit the innovator by blunting the actions of others who may endeavor to tap into the stream of profits generated by innovation. Even small firms can play important roles. Tools include putting information into the public domain, helping to shape standards, and promoting modularity.
Keywords: Technological Innovation; 
				  Intellectual Property; 
				  Knowledge Management; 
				  Knowledge Sharing; 
				  Industry Structures; 
				  Standards; 
				  Commercialization; 
				  Value; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and David J. Teece. "How to Capture Value from Innovation: Shaping Intellectual Property and Industry Architecture." Special Issue on Leading Through Innovation (50th Anniversary Issue). California Management Review 50, no. 1 (Fall 2007): 278–296. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Can Science be a Business?
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Science; 
				  Business Ventures; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Can Science be a Business?" Harvard Business Review 84, no. 10 (October 2006). View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Research Policy
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Profiting from Innovation and the Intellectual Property Revolution
Gary Pisano
Keywords: Profit; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Intellectual Property; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary. "Profiting from Innovation and the Intellectual Property Revolution." Commemorating the 20th Anniversary of the publication of David Teece's article, "Profiting from Innovation", in Research Policy Research Policy 35, no. 8 (October 2006): 1122–1130. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Management Science
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

The Firm Specificity of Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Performance; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Information; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "The Firm Specificity of Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery." Management Science 52, no. 4 (April 2006): 473–488. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| New England Journal of Medicine
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Adopting New Technologies: Turf Battles in Coronary Revascularization
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Technology; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "Adopting New Technologies: Turf Battles in Coronary Revascularization." New England Journal of Medicine 352, no. 9 (March 3, 2005): 857–859. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Decision Sciences
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Learning How and Learning What: Effects of Tacit and Codified Knowledge on Performance Improvement Following Technology Adoption
Amy Edmondson, Gary P. Pisano, Richard Bohmer and Ann Winslow
Keywords: Learning; 
				  Knowledge; 
				  Performance; 
				  Technology; 
				  

Citation:Edmondson, Amy, Gary P. Pisano, Richard Bohmer, and Ann Winslow. "Learning How and Learning What: Effects of Tacit and Codified Knowledge on Performance Improvement Following Technology Adoption." Decision Sciences 34, no. 2 (spring 2003): 197–223. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Health Affairs
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

A Research Agenda for Bridging the 'Quality Chasm'
Rushika Fernandopulle, Timothy Ferris, Arnold Epstein, Barbara McNeil, Joseph Newhouse, Gary Pisano and David Blumenthal
Keywords: Research; 
				  Quality; 
				  

Citation:Fernandopulle, Rushika, Timothy Ferris, Arnold Epstein, Barbara McNeil, Joseph Newhouse, Gary Pisano, and David Blumenthal. "A Research Agenda for Bridging the 'Quality Chasm'." Health Affairs 22, no. 2 (March–April 2003): 178–190. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Administrative Science Quarterly
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Disrupted Routines: Team Learning and New Technology Adaptation
Amy C. Edmondson, Richard Bohmer and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Learning; 
				  Technology; 
				  Groups and Teams; 
				  Disruption; 
				  

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Richard Bohmer, and Gary P. Pisano. "Disrupted Routines: Team Learning and New Technology Adaptation." Administrative Science Quarterly 46, no. 4 (December 2001): 685–716. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Speeding Up Team Learning
Amy C. Edmondson, Richard Bohmer and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Learning; 
				  

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Richard Bohmer, and Gary P. Pisano. "Speeding Up Team Learning." Harvard Business Review 79, no. 9 (October 2001): 125–134. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Management Science
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Organizational Differences in Rates of Learning: Evidence from the Adoption of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery
Gary P. Pisano, Richard Bohmer and Amy C. Edmondson
Keywords: Organizations; 
				  Learning; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Richard Bohmer, and Amy C. Edmondson. "Organizational Differences in Rates of Learning: Evidence from the Adoption of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery." Management Science 47, no. 6 (June 2001): 752. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Strategic Management Journal
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management
Gary P. Pisano, David Teece and Amy Shuen
Keywords: Strategy; 
				  Management; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., David Teece, and Amy Shuen. "Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management." Strategic Management Journal 18, no. 7 (August 1997): 509–533. (Winner of Strategic Management Journal Best Paper Prize presented by Strategic Management Society​.) View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Research Policy
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Learning-Before-Doing in the Development of New Process Technology
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Learning; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Technology; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Learning-Before-Doing in the Development of New Process Technology." Research Policy 25, no. 7 (October 1996): 1097–1119. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Production and Operations Management
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Manufacturing Strategy: At the Intersection of Two Paradigm Shifts
R. H. Hayes and G. P. Pisano
Keywords: Strategy; 
				  Change; 
				  

Citation:Hayes, R. H., and G. P. Pisano. "Manufacturing Strategy: At the Intersection of Two Paradigm Shifts." Production and Operations Management 5, no. 1 (Spring 1996): 25–41. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

The New Logic of High Tech R&D
G. P. Pisano and S. C. Wheelwright
Keywords: Research and Development; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, G. P., and S. C. Wheelwright. "The New Logic of High Tech R&D." Harvard Business Review 73, no. 5 (September–October 1995). View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Industrial and Corporate Change
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Dynamic Capabilities of Firms: An Introduction
Gary P. Pisano and David Teece
Keywords: Business Ventures; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and David Teece. "Dynamic Capabilities of Firms: An Introduction." Industrial and Corporate Change 3, no. 3 (1994): 537–556. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Strategic Management Journal
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Knowledge, Integration and the Locus of Learning: An Empirical Analysis of Process Development
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Knowledge; 
				  Integration; 
				  Learning; 
				  Theory; 
				  Growth and Development; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Knowledge, Integration and the Locus of Learning: An Empirical Analysis of Process Development." Strategic Management Journal 15 (Winter 1994): 85–100. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Harvard Business Review
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Beyond World-Class: The New Manufacturing Strategy
Robert H. Hayes and G. P. Pisano
Keywords: Production; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  

Citation:Hayes, Robert H., and G. P. Pisano. "Beyond World-Class: The New Manufacturing Strategy." Harvard Business Review 72, no. 1 (January–February 1994): 77–84. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related









			Article        
		
| Research Policy
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

The Governance of Innovation: Vertical Integration and Collaborative Arrangements in the Biotechnology Industry
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Governance; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Vertical Integration; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "The Governance of Innovation: Vertical Integration and Collaborative Arrangements in the Biotechnology Industry." Research Policy 20, no. 3 (June 1991): 237–249. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Article        
		
| Administrative Science Quarterly
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

The R&D Boundaries of the Firm: An Empirical Analysis
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Research and Development; 
				  Business Ventures; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "The R&D Boundaries of the Firm: An Empirical Analysis." Administrative Science Quarterly 35, no. 1 (March 1990): 153–176. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Article        
		
| Journal of Law, Economics & Organization
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

Using Equity Participation to Support Exchange: Evidence from the Biotechnology Industry
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Information; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Using Equity Participation to Support Exchange: Evidence from the Biotechnology Industry." Journal of Law, Economics & Organization 5, no. 1 (Spring 1989): 109–126. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at HarvardPurchase
Related








Book Chapters





			Chapter        
		
| Technological Innovation & Economic Performance
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2002
		
		
		
		

Pharmaceutical Biotechnology
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Pharmaceutical Biotechnology." In Technological Innovation & Economic Performance, edited by Benn Steil, David G. Victor, and Richard R. Nelson. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2002. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| Research on Managing Groups and Teams: Technology
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2000
		
		
		
		

Learning New Technical and Interpersonal Routines in Operating Room Teams: The Case of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery
Amy C. Edmondson, Richard Bohmer and Gary Pisano
Keywords: Groups and Teams; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Practice; 
				  Competency and Skills; 
				  Training; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Richard Bohmer, and Gary Pisano. "Learning New Technical and Interpersonal Routines in Operating Room Teams: The Case of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery." In Research on Managing Groups and Teams: Technology. Vol. 3, edited by B. Mannix, M. Neale, and T. Grifith, 29–51. Stamford: JAI Press, 2000. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Chapter        
		
| The Nature and Dynamics of Organizational Capabilities
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2000
		
		
		
		

In Search of Dynamic Capabilities: The Origins of R&D Competence in Biopharmaceuticals
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Competency and Skills; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "In Search of Dynamic Capabilities: The Origins of R&D Competence in Biopharmaceuticals." Chap. 5  in The Nature and Dynamics of Organizational Capabilities, edited by G. Dosi, Richard Nelson, and Sidney Winter, 129–154. New York: Oxford University Press, 2000. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| The Nature and Dynamics of Organizational Capabilities
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2000
		
		
		
		

Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management
Gary P. Pisano, Amy Shuen and David Teece
Keywords: Management; 
				  Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Amy Shuen, and David Teece. "Dynamic Capabilities and Strategic Management." In The Nature and Dynamics of Organizational Capabilities, edited by G. Dosi, Richard Nelson, and Sidney Winter. New York: Oxford University Press, 2000. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| Sources of Industrial Leadership: Studies of Seven Industries
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1999
		
		
		
		

The Pharmaceutical Industry and the Revolution in Molecular Biology: Interactions Among Scientific, Institutional, and Organizational Change
Rebecca Henderson, Gary P. Pisano and Luigi Orsenigo
Keywords: Science-Based Business; 
				  Organizational Change and Adaptation; 
				  Transformation; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Henderson, Rebecca, Gary P. Pisano, and Luigi Orsenigo. "The Pharmaceutical Industry and the Revolution in Molecular Biology: Interactions Among Scientific, Institutional, and Organizational Change." In Sources of Industrial Leadership: Studies of Seven Industries, edited by David Mowery and Richard Nelson. Cambridge University Press, 1999. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| Strategy and the Business Landscape
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1999
		
		
		
		

Building and Sustaining Success
Pankaj Ghemawat and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Success; 
				  

Citation:Ghemawat, Pankaj, and Gary P. Pisano. "Building and Sustaining Success." In Strategy and the Business Landscape, by Pankaj Ghemawat. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley Publishing Company, 1999. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
Related









			Chapter        
		
| Research on Technological Innovation, Management, and Policy
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1989
		
		
		
		

Collaborative Product Development and the Market for Know-How: Strategies and Structures in the Biotechnology Industry
Gary P. Pisano and Paul Mang
Keywords: Product Development; 
				  Innovation Strategy; 
				  Knowledge Management; 
				  Industry Structures; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Paul Mang. "Collaborative Product Development and the Market for Know-How: Strategies and Structures in the Biotechnology Industry." In Research on Technological Innovation, Management, and Policy. Vol. 4, edited by Richard S. Rosenbloom and Robert A. Burgelman. Greenwich, CT: JAI Press, 1989. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| Research on Technological Innovation, Management, and Policy
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1989
		
		
		
		

Collaborative Arrangements and Global Technology Strategy: Some Evidence from the Telecommunications Equipment Industry
Gary P. Pisano and David Teece
Keywords: Global Strategy; 
				  Innovation Strategy; 
				  Communication Technology; 
				  Agreements and Arrangements; 
				  Cooperation; 
				  Telecommunications Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and David Teece. "Collaborative Arrangements and Global Technology Strategy: Some Evidence from the Telecommunications Equipment Industry." In Research on Technological Innovation, Management, and Policy. Vol. 4, edited by Richard S. Rosenbloom and Robert A. Burgelman. Greenwich, CT: JAI Press, 1989. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| International Collaborative Ventures in U.S. Manufacturing
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1988
		
		
		
		

Joint Ventures and Collaborative Arrangements in the Telecommunications Equipment Industry
Gary P. Pisano, Michael Russo and David Teece
Keywords: Joint Ventures; 
				  Cooperation; 
				  Communication Technology; 
				  Telecommunications Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Michael Russo, and David Teece. "Joint Ventures and Collaborative Arrangements in the Telecommunications Equipment Industry." In International Collaborative Ventures in U.S. Manufacturing, edited by David Mowery. Cambridge, MA: Ballinger Publishing Company, 1988. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Chapter        
		
| International Collaborative Ventures in U.S. Manufacturing
        

						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1988
		
		
		
		

Joint Ventures and Collaboration in the Biotechnology Industry
Gary P. Pisano, W. Shan and David Teece
Keywords: Joint Ventures; 
				  Cooperation; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., W. Shan, and David Teece. "Joint Ventures and Collaboration in the Biotechnology Industry." In International Collaborative Ventures in U.S. Manufacturing, edited by David Mowery. Cambridge, MA: Ballinger Publishing Company, 1988. View Details




CiteView Details
Related








Working Papers





			Working Paper        
		
| 
		   2016
		
		
		
		

Foreign Competition and Domestic Innovation: Evidence from U.S. Patents
David Autor, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, Pian Shu and Gary Pisano
Manufacturing is the locus of U.S. innovation, accounting for more than three quarters of U.S. corporate patents. The rise of import competition from China has represented a major competitive shock to the sector, which in theory could benefit or stifle innovation. In this paper we empirically examine how rising import competition from China has affected U.S. innovation. We confront two empirical challenges in assessing the impact. We map all U.S. utility patents granted by March 2013 to firm-level data using a novel Internet-based matching algorithm that corrects for a preponderance of false negatives when using firm names alone. And we contend with the fact that patenting is highly concentrated in certain product categories and that this concentration has been shifting over time. Accounting for secular trends in innovative activities, we find that the impact of the change in import exposure on the change in patents produced is strongly negative. It remains so once we add an extensive set of further industry- and firm-level controls. Rising import exposure also reduces global employment, global sales, and global R&D expenditure at the firm level. It would appear that a simple mechanism in which greater foreign competition induces U.S. manufacturing firms to contract their operations along multiple margins of activity goes a long way toward explaining the response of U.S. innovation to the China trade shock.
Keywords: Patents; 
				  Competition; 
				  System Shocks; 
				  Trade; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  China; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Autor, David, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, Pian Shu, and Gary Pisano. "Foreign Competition and Domestic Innovation: Evidence from U.S. Patents." NBER Working Paper Series, No. 22879, December 2016. View Details




CiteView DetailsFind at Harvard
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2016
		
		
		
		

Towards a Prescriptive Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategic Choice, Learning, and Competition
Gary P. Pisano
The field of strategy has mounted an enormous effort to understand, define, predict, and measure how organizational capabilities shape competitive advantage. While the notion that capabilities influence strategy dates back to the work of Andrews (1971), attempts to formalize a “capabilities based” approach to strategy only began to take shape in the past twenty years. In particular, the publication of Teece and Pisano (1994), Teece, Pisano, and Shuen (1997), and Eisenhart and Martin (2000) works on “dynamic capabilities” triggered a flood of debate and discussion on the topic. Unfortunately, the literature on dynamic capabilities has become mired in endless debates about definitions and has engaged in an elusive search for properties that make organizations adaptable. This paper argues that the research program on dynamic capabilities needs to be reset around the fundamental strategic problem facing firms: how to identify and select capabilities that lead to competitive advantage. To this end, the paper develops a framework that attempts to connect firms’ capability search strategies with their strategies in product markets. It frames firms’ capability search strategies as choices among different types of capability enhancing investments. The key distinguishing feature of capabilities in this framework is their degree of fungibility: capabilities span a continuum ranging from highly general purpose (e.g., quality management) to highly market specific (e.g., knowing how to manufacture an airplane wing). To illustrate the potential of the framework to shed new light on traditional strategy questions, the paper applies the framework to explore some unexplained features of Penrosian diversification strategies. The paper concludes by suggesting a research agenda for dynamic capabilities.
Keywords: Competitive Advantage; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Towards a Prescriptive Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategic Choice, Learning, and Competition." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 16-146, June 2016. View Details




CiteView DetailsSSRN
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2015
		
		
		
		

A Normative Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategy, Know-How, and Competition
Gary P. Pisano
The field of strategy has mounted an enormous effort to understand, define, predict, and measure how organizational capabilities shape competitive advantage. While the notion that capabilities influence strategy dates back to the work of Andrews (1971), attempts to formalize a "capabilities based" approach to strategy only began to take shape in the past twenty years. In particular, the publication of Teece and Pisano (1994) and Teece, Pisano, and Shuen (1997) work on "dynamic capabilities" triggered a flood of debate and discussion on the topic. Because strategy is a normative field, its theories must be evaluated in terms of how well they inform and impact practice. Judging by this standard, the dynamic research capabilities research program has come up short. It has become mired in endless debates about definitions and has engaged obsessively in an elusive search for properties that make organizations adaptable. In this paper, I argue that the research program on dynamic capabilities needs to be reset around the fundamental strategic problem facing firms: how to identify and select capabilities that lead to competitive advantage. I frame the firm's capability strategy problem as one of choosing among different types of capability enhancing investments, ranging from general-purpose know-how to application-specific know-how. The framework also draws a distinction between investments designed to deepen the firm's existing base of capabilities and those designed to broaden its repertoire into new realms. I explore the applicability of this framework to three general types of competitive circumstances: stable product market competition, Schumpeterian entry, and Penrosian dynamics. A major goal of the paper is to identify important gaps in our theoretical and empirical knowledge that should be a focus for future scholarly research. 
Keywords: Competitive Advantage; 
				  Organizations; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "A Normative Theory of Dynamic Capabilities: Connecting Strategy, Know-How, and Competition." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 16-036, September 2015. View Details




CiteView DetailsSSRN
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2015
		
		
		
		

Can Marshall's Clusters Survive Globalization?
Giulio Buciuni and Gary P. Pisano
It is widely presumed that in today's globalized economy, the value of geographic clustering of manufacturing industries is no longer valuable. Manufacturing is represented as a highly mobile "commodity" that can be sourced from anywhere in the world where factor costs are favorable. This paper re-examines this assumption and suggests that not all manufacturing is highly mobile. We suggest that manufacturing sectors should be viewed along a continuum from highly mobile to highly "sticky." Manufacturing clusters can decline for two completely different reasons. The first is a change in technology that reduces the value of co-location (stickiness). This tends to lead to the decoupling of design and production activities and to a broad geographic diffusion of manufacturing. The second is a shift in the relative comparative advantage of clusters located in one region versus another. Under this scenario, geographic concentration is still valuable, but the center of production activity can shift from one location to another. The paper then analyzes how firm supply chain strategies impact stickiness and the survival of manufacturing clusters.
Keywords: manufacturing industry; 
				  manufacturing; 
				  globalization; 
				  Marshall Industrial Clusters; 
				  global supply chains; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  

Citation:Buciuni, Giulio, and Gary P. Pisano. "Can Marshall's Clusters Survive Globalization?" Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 15-088, May 2015. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2014
		
		
		
		

The Organizational and Geographic Drivers of Absorptive Capacity: An Empirical Analysis of Pharmaceutical R&D Laboratories
Francesca Lazzeri and Gary P. Pisano
Scholars and practitioners alike now recognize that a firm's capacity to assimilate and use know-how from external sources—what Cohen and Levinthal (1990) called "absorptive capacity"—plays a central role in innovation performance. In recent years, a common strategy pursued by companies to increase their absorptive capacity has been to locate new R&D facilities in close geographic proximity to technology "hotspots" like Cambridge, Massachusetts, or the San Francisco Bay Area. Such a strategy is predicated on the assumption that geographic proximity facilitates absorption. Unfortunately, more than two decades after the publication of Cohen and Levinthal's landmark piece on absorptive capacity, precious little is known about how different organizational strategies and managerial practices—including location choices—actually impact a firm's ability to exploit external sources of know-how. A key barrier to empirical progress on this front has been a lack of direct measures of absorption. In this paper, we develop a novel measure of absorptive capacity that attempts to directly track the influence of external sources of know-how on the internal R&D activities of individual laboratories. We then use this measure to examine laboratory level differences in absorptive capacity and the degree to which a lab's geographic proximity to a given knowledge base influences its absorptive capacity. To identify patterns of absorption, we exploit a quasi-natural experiment that has occurred in the pharmaceutical industry over the past two decades. Since 1989, a number of major pharmaceutical companies (Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, etc.) have chosen to locate new laboratories in one or more major life science hotspots (Massachusetts, the San Francisco Bay Area, and San Diego County). Because these are de novo green-field labs, we have an unusual opportunity to study how the capabilities of the lab evolved over time and whether those capabilities were influenced by the technological activities of the surrounding local scientific and technological ecosystems. Our sample includes 39 R&D laboratories (at varying degrees of distance from three major life sciences hotspots—Massachusetts, San Diego County, and the San Francisco Bay Area). Our findings indicate that geographic proximity is a significant predictor of how much know-how a lab absorbs from a given hotspot. The importance of geographic proximity is also shown to be increasing over time. However, our results also show significant residual variance at both the individual laboratory and company levels, suggesting an important role of managerial practices and policies in driving absorption. The latter finding was consistent with our field interviews of R&D executives from laboratories involved in our study. The study provides further evidence of the geographically bounded nature of knowledge.
Keywords: Geographic Location; 
				  Industry Clusters; 
				  Knowledge Acquisition; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  San Francisco; 
				  San Diego; 
				  Massachusetts; 
				  

Citation:Lazzeri, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "The Organizational and Geographic Drivers of Absorptive Capacity: An Empirical Analysis of Pharmaceutical R&D Laboratories." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 14-098, April 2014. View Details




CiteView DetailsSSRN
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2016
		
		
		
		

Making Experience Count: The Role of Reflection in Individual Learning
Giada Di Stefano, Francesca Gino, Gary P. Pisano and Bradley Staats
How do organizations learn? In this paper, we build on research on the microfoundations of strategy and learning to study the individual underpinnings of organizational learning. We argue that once an individual has accumulated experience with a task, the benefit of accumulating additional experience is inferior to the benefit of deliberately articulating and codifying the previously accumulated experience. We explain the performance outcomes associated with such deliberate learning efforts using both a cognitive (task understanding) and an emotional (self-efficacy) mechanism. We study the proposed framework by means of a mixed-method approach that combines the reach and relevance of a field experiment with the precision of laboratory experiments. Our results support the proposed theoretical framework and bear important implications from both a theoretical and practical viewpoint.
Keywords: learning by thinking; 
				  reflection; 
				  knowledge creation; 
				  learning; 
				  self-efficacy; 
				  Perception; 
				  Performance; 
				  Learning; 
				  Knowledge; 
				  Cognition and Thinking; 
				  India; 
				  

Citation:Di Stefano, Giada, Francesca Gino, Gary P. Pisano, and Bradley Staats. "Making Experience Count: The Role of Reflection in Individual Learning." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 14-093, March 2014. (Revised June 2016.) View Details




CiteView DetailsSSRN
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2012
		
		
		
		

Creating an R&D Strategy
Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Creating an R&D Strategy." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 12-095, April 2012. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2008
		
		
		
		

Collaborative Architectures for Innovation
Gary P. Pisano and Roberto Verganti
Collaborative innovation has become a hot topic in innovation today. Scholars, consultants, and the business press all urge companies seeking to boost innovative performance to become more "collaborative." Too often, however, companies fail to distinguish among the various choices they face with respect to alternative modes of collaboration. Collaborative innovation can take a wide variety of forms, each with profound implications for innovative performance and the value a firm can capture from innovation. Building on a number of case studies, this paper presents a simple framework for categorizing different collaborative modes. The framework is based on the notion that there are two critical dimensions along which collaborative efforts can be characterized. The first dimension relates to the degree to which the collaborative network is "open" verses "closed." The second dimension relates to the degree to which the governance structure for collaboration is "hierarchical" verses "flat." While discussions of collaborative innovation often take the position that "open" networks are superior to "closed" networks, and that "flat" governance structures are superior to "hierarchical" structures, our framework provides a more nuanced view of the trade-offs. The choice among alternative collaborative modes should be driven by a number of factors including characteristics of the technology, the capabilities of the firm, and the distribution of competences in the environment. We develop a set of guidelines for helping firms choose among collaborative models and discuss critical enabling conditions required for each to work in practice. In the final section of the paper, we discuss how firms can "mix and match" multiple modes of collaboration into coherent "architectures" that lie at the heart of innovation strategy.
Keywords: Competency and Skills; 
				  Governance Controls; 
				  Collaborative Innovation and Invention; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  Innovation Strategy; 
				  Social and Collaborative Networks; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Roberto Verganti. "Collaborative Architectures for Innovation." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 08-105, June 2008. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2007
		
		
		
		

Toward a Theory of Behavioral Operations
Francesca Gino and Gary Pisano

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary Pisano. "Toward a Theory of Behavioral Operations." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 07-096, May 2007. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2006
		
		
		
		

R&D Portfolio Strategy, Diversification and Performance: An Information Perspective
Francesca Gino, Gary Pisano, Michael R. Sorell and Mark Szigety

Citation:Gino, Francesca, Gary Pisano, Michael R. Sorell, and Mark Szigety. "R&D Portfolio Strategy, Diversification and Performance: An Information Perspective." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 06-059, June 2006. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2006
		
		
		
		

Behavioral Operations
Francesca Gino and Gary Pisano

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary Pisano. "Behavioral Operations." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 06-035, February 2006. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2005
		
		
		
		

Holding or Folding? R&D Portfolio Strategy Under Different Information Regimes
Francesca Gino and Gary Pisano

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary Pisano. "Holding or Folding? R&D Portfolio Strategy Under Different Information Regimes." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 05-072, April 2005. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2005
		
		
		
		

Team Learning Trade-Offs:  When Improving One Critical Dimension of Performance Inhibits Another
Richard M.J. Bohmer, Ann B. Winslow, Amy C. Edmondson and Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Bohmer, Richard M.J., Ann B. Winslow, Amy C. Edmondson, and Gary P. Pisano. "Team Learning Trade-Offs:  When Improving One Critical Dimension of Performance Inhibits Another." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 05-047, January 2005. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2004
		
		
		
		

R&D Performance Volatility: A Behavioral Model
Francesca Gino and Gary Pisano

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary Pisano. "R&D Performance Volatility: A Behavioral Model." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 05-015, December 2004. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2003
		
		
		
		

The Effect of Organizational Context on Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "The Effect of Organizational Context on Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 03-083, January 2003. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2002
		
		
		
		

Learning How and Learning What: Effects of Tacit and Codified Knowledge on Performance Improvement Following Technology Adoption
Amy C. Edmondson, Ann B. Winslow, Richard M.J. Bohmer and Gary Pisano

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Ann B. Winslow, Richard M.J. Bohmer, and Gary Pisano. "Learning How and Learning What: Effects of Tacit and Codified Knowledge on Performance Improvement Following Technology Adoption." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 02-063, November 2002. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2002
		
		
		
		

Learning as Strategy Dependent: Tradeoffs in New Technology Implementation
Richard Bohmer, Amy Edmondson, Gary Pisano and Ann B. Winslow

Citation:Bohmer, Richard, Amy Edmondson, Gary Pisano, and Ann B. Winslow. "Learning as Strategy Dependent: Tradeoffs in New Technology Implementation." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 03-012, July 2002. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2000
		
		
		
		

Disrupted Routines: Effects of Team Learning on New Technology Adaptation
Amy C. Edmondson, Richard M.J. Bohmer and Gary Pisano

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Richard M.J. Bohmer, and Gary Pisano. "Disrupted Routines: Effects of Team Learning on New Technology Adaptation." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 01-003, August 2000. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2000
		
		
		
		

Disrupted Routines: Effects of Team Learning on New Technology Adaptation
Amy C. Edmondson, Richard M.J. Bohmer and Gary Pisano

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Richard M.J. Bohmer, and Gary Pisano. "Disrupted Routines: Effects of Team Learning on New Technology Adaptation." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 00-090, June 2000. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   2000
		
		
		
		

Experience Versus Learning: Evidence from the Adoption of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery
Gary Pisano, Richard M.J. Bohmer and Amy C. Edmondson

Citation:Pisano, Gary, Richard M.J. Bohmer, and Amy C. Edmondson. "Experience Versus Learning: Evidence from the Adoption of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 00-036, June 2000. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1999
		
		
		
		

Learning New Technical and Interpersonal Routines in Operating Room Teams:  The Case of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery
Amy C. Edmondson, Richard M.J. Bohmer and Gary Pisano

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Richard M.J. Bohmer, and Gary Pisano. "Learning New Technical and Interpersonal Routines in Operating Room Teams:  The Case of Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 00-003, July 1999. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Working Paper        
		
| HBS Working Paper Series
						
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   1995
		
		
		
		

Learning Before Doing in the Development of New Process Technology
Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Learning Before Doing in the Development of New Process Technology." Harvard Business School Working Paper, No. 96-013, September 1995. View Details




CiteView Details
Related








Cases and Teaching Materials





			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 2016
	        
		
		
		
		

Hewlett Packard Enterprise: The Dandelion Program
Gary P. Pisano and Robert D. Austin
This case describes Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s “Dandelion Program," which has developed a new service offering for the company’s clients by drawing on the special talents of people with autism. The company has deployed “pods” organized around 8 or 9 employees with autism, to function as high-performance mini-ecosystems, which have turned out to be 30% more effective than average service teams (in some areas). The case centers on questions of how to adapt this successful model to new demands in a different service domain, specifically, cybersecurity and defense-related areas. The case also explores how the company is innovating and refining its assessment and training processes in support of the program.
Keywords: leadership; 
				  training; 
				  organizational behavior; 
				  Technology; 
				  Organizational Change and Adaptation; 
				  Leadership; 
				  Talent and Talent Management; 
				  Service Operations; 
				  Training; 
				  Diversity; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Technology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Robert D. Austin. "Hewlett Packard Enterprise: The Dandelion Program." Harvard Business School Case 617-016, September 2016. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 2016
	        
			   (Revised March 2017)
			
		
		
		
		

Pal's Sudden Service—Scaling an Organizational Model to Drive Growth
Gary P. Pisano, Francesca Gino and Bradley R. Staats
Pal's Sudden Service has developed a unique operating model and organizational culture in the quick service restaurant business. With a deep emphasis on process control and improvement, zero defects, extensive training, and a high level of employee engagement, Pal's has been able to achieve excellent operating and financial performance. The case examines the challenges it potentially faces as it contemplates growing the chain significantly from the 28 units it currently operates.
Keywords: growth strategy; 
				  corporate culture; 
				  operations strategy; 
				  motivation; 
				  values; 
				  Motivation and Incentives; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Values and Beliefs; 
				  Service Operations; 
				  Organizational Culture; 
				  Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Service Industry; 
				  Food and Beverage Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Francesca Gino, and Bradley R. Staats. "Pal's Sudden Service—Scaling an Organizational Model to Drive Growth." Harvard Business School Case 916-052, May 2016. (Revised March 2017.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        January 2016
	        
		
		
		
		

SAP SE: Autism at Work
Gary P. Pisano and Robert D. Austin
This case describes SAP's "Autism at Work" program, which integrates people with autism into the company's workforce. The company has a stated objective of making 1% of its workforce people with autism by 2020. SAP's rationale for the program is based on the belief that "neurodiversity" contributes to the company's overall innovative capabilities ("We believe that innovation comes from the edges"). Thus, the program is not viewed as a subsidized Corporate Social Responsibility activity but as a positive net benefit activity, as well as a way of addressing skills shortages by tapping into non-traditional pools of (considerable) talent. The case explores how SAP is also using the program to rethink and re-engineer its Human Resource Management policies and processes to make them more inclusive and effective.
Keywords: software; 
				  human resource management; 
				  Diversity Management; 
				  Germany; 
				  Selection and Staffing; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  Software; 
				  Recruitment; 
				  Diversity; 
				  Information Technology Industry; 
				  Germany; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Robert D. Austin. "SAP SE: Autism at Work." Harvard Business School Case 616-042, January 2016. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 2014
	        
		
		
		
		

Pfizer's Centers for Therapeutic Innovation (CTI)
Gary Pisano, James Weber and Kait Szydlowski
In 2010, Pfizer established four small research units in New York, Boston, San Francisco, and San Diego located close to several premier Academic Medical Centers (AMCs), or hospitals with adjoining medical schools. The goal of these units was to redesign collaboration with Pfizer and academic medical researchers with the purpose of developing new, innovative drug candidates for testing in patients. Project teams consisted of Pfizer scientists and academics working side-by-side to reduce the time needed to bring a therapeutic drug from the lab to a patient's bedside. This case explores the academic collaboration model developed by Pfizer. What were the strengths of and challenges facing this model? How would the model evolve in the future? And how would new, similar collaboration models surfacing at other major pharmaceutical companies pose a threat to the Pfizer model?
Keywords: pharmaceutical industry; 
				  drug development; 
				  academic collaboration; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  innovation; 
				  translational research; 
				  Management; 
				  Operations; 
				  Problems and Challenges; 
				  Research; 
				  Science; 
				  Technology; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  North and Central America; 
				  Europe; 
				  Asia; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary, James Weber, and Kait Szydlowski. "Pfizer's Centers for Therapeutic Innovation (CTI)." Harvard Business School Case 615-024, September 2014. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 2013
	        
		
		
		
		

VF Brands: Global Supply Chain Strategy
Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "VF Brands: Global Supply Chain Strategy." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 614-009, September 2013. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        January 2013
	        
			   (Revised October 2013)
			
		
		
		
		

Chef Davide Oldani and Ristorante D'O
Gary Pisano, Alessandro Di Fiore, Elena Corsi and Elisa Farri
This case examines the unique business model of Ristorante D'O, a high end gourmand restaurant located near Milan, Italy. Founded by Chef Davide Oldani, D'O offers meals at approximately one-third the price of other Michelin starred restaurants. Oldani has made this business model profitable by making a conscious set of operating strategy choices (menu, meal design, service process, lay-out, reservation process) that reduce waste and inefficiency, while preserving quality. The case enables students to understand how cost-quality trade-offs can be altered through creative operating strategies, and sufficient data are available to analyze the operating model in depth. A second focal point of the case concerns Oldani's choices for growth. The wait list for D'O is currently 18 months.  He can presumably open another D'O at a different location. At the time of the case, however, he is considering opening a new restaurant in the same vicinity as D'O that would operate at an even lower price point. Case debate can center around whether this new restaurant format makes sense from a strategic point of view, and, in particular, whether the capabilities and know-how acquired in operating D'O are applicable to the new restaurant. The deeper issue in the case concerns how businesses based on the creative talent of an individual (like Chef Oldani) can grow, without losing what makes them special.
Keywords: Business Model; 
				  Expansion; 
				  Creativity; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  Retail Industry; 
				  Food and Beverage Industry; 
				  Milan; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary, Alessandro Di Fiore, Elena Corsi, and Elisa Farri. "Chef Davide Oldani and Ristorante D'O." Harvard Business School Case 613-080, January 2013. (Revised October 2013.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 2012
	        
			   (Revised May 2012)
			
		
		
		
		

Virgin Group: Finding New Avenues for Growth
Gary P. Pisano and Elena Corsi
Keywords: Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Financial Strategy; 
				  Organizational Structure; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Elena Corsi. "Virgin Group: Finding New Avenues for Growth." Harvard Business School Case 612-070, March 2012. (Revised May 2012.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 2006
	        
			   (Revised March 2013)
			
		
		
		
		

Ducati Corse: The Making of a Grand Prix Motorcycle (TN)
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Production; 
				  Auto Industry; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Ducati Corse: The Making of a Grand Prix Motorcycle (TN)." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 607-044, November 2006. (Revised March 2013.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 2011
	        
			   (Revised February 2012)
			
		
		
		
		

Innovation and Growth at Actelion Ltd.
Gary P. Pisano, Daniela Beyersdorfer and Ruth Dittrich
In late 2010, Jean-Paul Clozel, CEO of the Swiss biotech pharmaceuticals firm Actelion, looks back on a successful decade. The small venture that he had started with a few of his scientist colleagues in the late 1990s to discover novel medicine in a research-driven organisation had grown into one of Europe's largest biotech firms by revenues. Their success was mainly founded on their orphan indication drug Tracleer, which Actelion sold and marketed worldwide. However, Tracleer's looming patent expiry in a few years and recent late-stage pipeline setbacks had put the company under pressure from investors. While Clozel was confident in their ability to deliver future drugs that could secure further growing revenue streams, he wondered how to maintain their entrepreneurial culture that he saw as a prerequisite for this--particularly their lean hierarchy and researchers' freedom to follow innovation where it led them--in a company of more than 2,400 people which continued to grow.
Keywords: Business Model; 
				  Talent and Talent Management; 
				  Innovation and Management; 
				  Leadership; 
				  Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Organizational Culture; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  Switzerland; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Daniela Beyersdorfer, and Ruth Dittrich. "Innovation and Growth at Actelion Ltd." Harvard Business School Case 611-065, March 2011. (Revised February 2012.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 2008
	        
			   (Revised February 2012)
			
		
		
		
		

Amazon Web Services
Robert S. Huckman, Gary P. Pisano and Liz Kind
Considers the development of Amazon Web Services (AWS), a division of Amazon.com, Inc., specializing in the provision of web-based storage and computing services to web developers. The case focuses on the issues facing Andy Jassy, the head of AWS, in 2008 as AWS faces increased competition from established technology giants, such as Google, Microsoft, and IBM. Students are asked to consider whether entry into web services by Amazon, which had established its brand in retail, represented a prudent move by the company. The case provides an opportunity to highlight the benefits of AWS's variable pricing for developers and to determine where overlaps exist between Amazon's core retailing business and AWS. Students are also provided with an opportunity to discuss operational diversification and its limits within the AWS context.
Keywords: Price; 
				  Market Entry and Exit; 
				  Service Operations; 
				  Competition; 
				  Diversification; 
				  Retail Industry; 
				  Web Services Industry; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., Gary P. Pisano, and Liz Kind. "Amazon Web Services." Harvard Business School Case 609-048, October 2008. (Revised February 2012.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 2009
	        
			   (Revised August 2011)
			
		
		
		
		

Warner Bros. Entertainment
Gary P. Pisano and Alison Berkley Wagonfeld
Examines the process used by a major motion picture studio to develop and select movie projects. Warner Bros.' strategy is to focus its efforts on a small number of major "event" films (i.e., films with the potential to generate gross box office receipts of $300 million or more). This strategy—which has worked for the past two years—entails risks. The studio is now asking how it can better manage these risks and, specifically, how it can improve its odds of success.
Keywords: Decision Choices and Conditions; 
				  Film Entertainment; 
				  Risk Management; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Strategic Planning; 
				  Projects; 
				  Sales; 
				  Motion Pictures and Video Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Alison Berkley Wagonfeld. "Warner Bros. Entertainment." Harvard Business School Case 610-036, November 2009. (Revised August 2011.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 2011
	        
			   (Revised July 2011)
			
		
		
		
		

Fiat-Chrysler Alliance: Launching the Cinquecento in North America
Gary P. Pisano, Phillip Andrews and Alessandro Di Fiore
Fiat ended its 27-year absence in the North American automobile market when the first Cinquecento (500)—a very small, iconic Italian car that had strong sales in Europe—was delivered on March 10, 2011. The Italian automaker re-entered the market through an alliance with Chrysler, the American automaker Fiat acquired in April 2009. For Laura Soave, Chrysler Group's head of Fiat Brand North America, the first delivery marked a watershed in a journey that began 12 months before when she first took responsibility for re-launching the Fiat brand in North America. As the first product of the Fiat-Chrysler alliance, the outcome of the Cinquecento launch would indicate how the integration of operations, and in particular the sharing of technology, platforms, components, manufacturing plants, and distribution networks would drive the long-term health of both Fiat and Chrysler. This case looks at the various strategic and operational challenges Soave faced throughout the process.
Keywords: Product Launch; 
				  Product Positioning; 
				  Mergers and Acquisitions; 
				  Partners and Partnerships; 
				  Globalization; 
				  Operations; 
				  Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Integration; 
				  Auto Industry; 
				  North America; 
				  Europe; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Phillip Andrews, and Alessandro Di Fiore. "Fiat-Chrysler Alliance: Launching the Cinquecento in North America." Harvard Business School Case 611-037, May 2011. (Revised July 2011.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 2008
	        
			   (Revised June 2011)
			
		
		
		
		

JetBlue Airways: Managing Growth
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
Considers the situation facing David Barger, President and CEO of JetBlue Airways, in May 2007 as he addresses the airline's need to slow its growth rate in the response to increasing fuel costs and the effects of major operational crisis for the airline in February 2007. In 2005, JetBlue-typically viewed as a low-cost carrier (LCC)-made a move that is often considered antithetical to the LCC model. Specifically, JetBlue moved from a single aircraft type (i.e., the Airbus 320, or A320) to a fleet with two types of aircraft by adding the smaller Embraer 190, or E190. Students are initially asked to consider the impact of this decision on JetBlue's operations strategy and business model. They are then asked to consider how the reductions in aircraft capacity growth should be spread across the two plane types. This discussion hinges not only on issues of aircraft efficiency but also on those of operational focus and the ultimate competitive priorities of the airline as a whole.
Keywords: Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Growth Management; 
				  Operations; 
				  Performance Capacity; 
				  Performance Efficiency; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  Air Transportation Industry; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "JetBlue Airways: Managing Growth." Harvard Business School Case 609-046, October 2008. (Revised June 2011.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 2011
	        
		
		
		
		

MorphoSys AG: The Evolution of a Biotechnology Business Model
Gary P. Pisano, Ryan Johnson and Carin-Isabel Knoop
In the biotech world, the 18-year-old Munich-based company MorphoSys was a rarity: it was profitable. The company achieved this profitability not by developing and selling its own drugs, but by licensing access to its proprietary library of human antibodies. Recently, the company decided to deviate from this model, and attempt to develop its own proprietary products. The case allows analysis of "license vs. vertically integrate" business model decisions, and can be used to teach principles of business model design and the functioning of markets for know-how.
Keywords: Business Model; 
				  Profit; 
				  Intellectual Property; 
				  Rights; 
				  Risk Management; 
				  Market Platforms; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Business and Shareholder Relations; 
				  Vertical Integration; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  Munich; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Ryan Johnson, and Carin-Isabel Knoop. "MorphoSys AG: The Evolution of a Biotechnology Business Model." Harvard Business School Case 611-046, March 2011. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 2007
	        
			   (Revised June 2010)
			
		
		
		
		

JetBlue Airways: Valentine's Day 2007 (A)
Robert S. Huckman, Gary P. Pisano and Virginia Fuller
Describes an operational crisis for JetBlue Airways during an ice storm in the eastern United States in February 2007 and chronicles the airline's immediate response. Provides detail concerning the history of the airline from its founding in 1999 through the February 2007 crisis, which forced the airline to cancel more than 1,000 flights over the course of six days. In addition, discusses the initial response to the crisis by CEO David Neeleman and his management team. Students are provided with the opportunity to evaluate this response in terms of its impact on customer relations, growth prospects, and ongoing operations for JetBlue.
Keywords: Customer Relationship Management; 
				  Crisis Management; 
				  Growth Management; 
				  Management Teams; 
				  Service Delivery; 
				  Air Transportation Industry; 
				  Eastern United States; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., Gary P. Pisano, and Virginia Fuller. "JetBlue Airways: Valentine's Day 2007 (A)." Harvard Business School Case 608-001, August 2007. (Revised June 2010.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 2003
	        
			   (Revised April 2010)
			
		
		
		
		

Flextronics International, Ltd.
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
Describes Flextronics' evolution from providing outsourced manufacturing services for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the electronics industry to developing entire unbranded products for purchase by OEMs. In 2001, Flextronics began a development program that yielded several unbranded cell phones that--even by the admission of several OEMs--delivered performance comparable to that of branded products at a significantly lower cost. Nonetheless, as of early 2003, no major OEM had yet agreed to purchase any of these phones from Flextronics. As chairman and CEO of Flextronics, Michael Marks must decide how aggressively to pursue full product development.
Keywords: Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Production; 
				  Service Operations; 
				  Performance Effectiveness; 
				  Electronics Industry; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "Flextronics International, Ltd." Harvard Business School Case 604-063, November 2003. (Revised April 2010.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 2007
	        
			   (Revised April 2010)
			
		
		
		
		

Wyeth Pharmaceuticals: Spurring Scientific Creativity with Metrics
Robert S. Huckman, Gary P. Pisano and Mark Rennella
Describes the reorganization of the drug discovery organization at Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and focuses on the decisions to: (1) centralize decision-making within drug discovery and (2) institute numerical metrics--jointly affecting all R&D scientists--for the progression of compounds through the Wyeth pipeline. Highlights issues concerning the degree to which scientific activity can be evaluated via numerical metrics, the extent to which R&D can be structured as a process, and the degree to which decision-making should be centralized in commercial R&D activities.
Keywords: Decision Making; 
				  Measurement and Metrics; 
				  Business Processes; 
				  Organizational Structure; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Science-Based Business; 
				  Creativity; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., Gary P. Pisano, and Mark Rennella. "Wyeth Pharmaceuticals: Spurring Scientific Creativity with Metrics." Harvard Business School Case 607-008, February 2007. (Revised April 2010.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 2010
	        
			   (Revised April 2010)
			
		
		
		
		

Merger Integration at Bank of America: The TrustWeb Project
Gary P. Pisano and Bradley R. Staats
This case explores project management in a large organization through the eyes of a young project manager, Mike Morris. Morris is tasked with leading a project within the overall merger integration effort at Bank of America. Morris encounters difficulties with managing stakeholders, setting requirements, and reporting progress.
Keywords: Experience and Expertise; 
				  Management Skills; 
				  Business Processes; 
				  Projects; 
				  Business and Stakeholder Relations; 
				  Banking Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Bradley R. Staats. "Merger Integration at Bank of America: The TrustWeb Project." Harvard Business School Case 610-054, February 2010. (Revised April 2010.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 2010
	        
		
		
		
		

Amyris Biotechnologies: Commercializing Biofuel
Gary P. Pisano and Alison Berkley Wagonfeld
In 2009, Amyris Biotechnologies was building a plant in Brazil that used synthetic biology to convert sugarcane into both renewable fuels and renewable chemicals. The Amyris' marketing team was investigating the commercial interest for both types of products, while the research and development team and the operations group were building processes that could accommodate both as well. CEO John Melo hoped to have commercial product available in 2011; however, he realized that pursuing both chemicals and fuels added even more complexity to a business that was already executing multiple development steps in parallel. The case looks at the various strategic and operational decisions facing Melo as he planned the company's optimal commercialization strategy.
Keywords: Renewable Energy; 
				  Chemicals; 
				  Risk Management; 
				  Product Marketing; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Production; 
				  Environmental Sustainability; 
				  Commercialization; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  Brazil; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Alison Berkley Wagonfeld. "Amyris Biotechnologies: Commercializing Biofuel." Harvard Business School Case 610-031, February 2010. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 2009
	        
		
		
		
		

VF Brands: Global Supply Chain Strategy
Gary P. Pisano and Pamela Adams
This case examines VF Brands global supply chain strategy. Historically, VF has used a combination of in-house manufacturing and traditional arms-length sourcing arrangements. At the time of the case, the company is considering a third approach to supplier relations that involves much closer cooperation and partnerships. The goal of this "third way" approach is to create a sourcing relationship that combines some of the virtues of vertical integration with the flexibility of sourcing. Such arrangements are increasingly discussed in the operations literature and in practice. This case provides students an opportunity to do an in-depth analysis of such an arrangement and develop an understanding of the trade-offs involved.
Keywords: Global Strategy; 
				  Logistics; 
				  Supply Chain Management; 
				  Partners and Partnerships; 
				  Cooperation; 
				  Vertical Integration; 
				  Apparel and Accessories Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Pamela Adams. "VF Brands: Global Supply Chain Strategy." Harvard Business School Case 610-022, November 2009. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 2009
	        
			   (Revised September 2009)
			
		
		
		
		

Tenova: Mining for Growth in an Economic Crisis
Gary P. Pisano, Elena Corsi and Elisa Farri
In December 2008, Gianluigi Nova, CEO of Tenova SpA, a technology and equipment supplier to the metals and mining industry, had to choose between two options. The first was to continue growing in the company's core business: equipment for the steel production. The second option offered growth in a related, but nearly new business for Tenova: the equipment for mining, mineral processing, and extractive metallurgy. They only had a small presence in this market. Yet, Nova had to cope with the worldwide economic crisis whose destructive power hit every area of the metals and mining industry. Nova had to decide which option offered the best opportunity to grow in the worst economic crisis since 1929.
Keywords: Decision Choices and Conditions; 
				  Financial Crisis; 
				  Leadership; 
				  Crisis Management; 
				  Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Market Entry and Exit; 
				  Diversification; 
				  Industrial Products Industry; 
				  Mining Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Elena Corsi, and Elisa Farri. "Tenova: Mining for Growth in an Economic Crisis." Harvard Business School Case 610-021, August 2009. (Revised September 2009.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 2008
	        
			   (Revised August 2009)
			
		
		
		
		

Columbus Tubing: Steel is Real
Daniel C. Snow, Gary P. Pisano, Elena Corsi and Gudrun Urfalino Kristinsdottir
Columbus Tubing must choose to improve an old technology (steel) or to develop a new material (carbon fiber). The decision must take into account a complicated context: increased demand for the "old" steel products made in Italy, increasing power of carbon fiber manufacturing partners in Asia, growing wage rates in Asia, and high wage rates in Italy. Two plans have been presented to the CEO, Antonio Colombo. The first is to push development of all of the company's technologies, perhaps even seeking new markets for them. The second is to rationalize operations and to redirect R&D resources to marketing of stylish, lower-tech bicycles. The company's future hangs in the balance.
Keywords: Decision Choices and Conditions; 
				  Resource Allocation; 
				  Production; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Technology; 
				  Bicycle Transportation; 
				  Asia; 
				  Italy; 
				  

Citation:Snow, Daniel C., Gary P. Pisano, Elena Corsi, and Gudrun Urfalino Kristinsdottir. "Columbus Tubing: Steel is Real." Harvard Business School Case 609-042, September 2008. (Revised August 2009.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 2008
	        
			   (Revised November 2008)
			
		
		
		
		

Radical Collaboration: IBM Microelectronics Joint Development Alliances
Willy Shih, Gary Pisano and Andrew A. King
IBM's "Radical Collaboration" model has been an innovative approach to meeting the challenges of the huge R&D and capital investments that are needed to stay competitive in the global semiconductor industry. This model has required a rethinking of what is proprietary, and what is shared, and where do the boundaries of cooperation end and competition begin. IBM and its partners have managed to stay competitive at, for example, the 45 nm node, at a far lower cost than firms that "go it alone," and there is a large benefit from a larger funnel of ideas and diverse points of view. It also reshapes what firms can use to build competitive advantage, or it necessitates a rethinking at least.
Keywords: Cost Management; 
				  Investment; 
				  Collaborative Innovation and Invention; 
				  Problems and Challenges; 
				  Alliances; 
				  Networks; 
				  Partners and Partnerships; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  Semiconductor Industry; 
				  

Citation:Shih, Willy, Gary Pisano, and Andrew A. King. "Radical Collaboration: IBM Microelectronics Joint Development Alliances." Harvard Business School Case 608-121, February 2008. (Revised November 2008.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Background Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 2008
	        
		
		
		
		

The Concept of Development Strategy
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Growth and Development; 
				  Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "The Concept of Development Strategy." Harvard Business School Background Note 609-045, October 2008. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1997
	        
			   (Revised May 2008)
			
		
		
		
		

Intel Corporation: 1968-1997
Gary P. Pisano, David J. Collis and Peter K. Botticelli
Traces Intel's history and strategy from 1968 to 1997. Examines the company's decision to exit DRAMS and its entry into microprocessors. Focuses on how the company managed to achieve and sustain its competitive advantage in microprocessors, and the threats it faces in the future.
Keywords: Market Entry and Exit; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  Hardware; 
				  Corporate Strategy; 
				  Industry Structures; 
				  Technology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., David J. Collis, and Peter K. Botticelli. "Intel Corporation: 1968-1997." Harvard Business School Case 797-137, May 1997. (Revised May 2008.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 2006
	        
		
		
		
		

Teradyne Corporation: The Jaguar Project (TN)
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Projects; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Teradyne Corporation: The Jaguar Project (TN)." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 607-045, November 2006. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 2001
	        
			   (Revised July 2006)
			
		
		
		
		

Discovering the Future:  R&D Strategy at Merck
Gary P. Pisano
Given explosive growth in technologies for drug discovery, how does Merck remain competitive in an industry that is fragmented and continues to consolidate?
Keywords: Competitive Strategy; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Discovering the Future:  R&D Strategy at Merck." Harvard Business School Case 601-086, February 2001. (Revised July 2006.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        June 2005
	        
			   (Revised June 2006)
			
		
		
		
		

Ducati Corse: The Making of a Grand Prix Motorcycle
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Examines the product development strategy and processes of the Ducati motorcycle racing team during the 2003-2004 Grand Prix seasons. Invites discussion of appropriate design and development strategies to facilitate learning across product generations. Specifically, examines the trade-offs inherent in an "integral" vs. "modular" approach to product design and the impact on learning. Also enables students to explore the behavioral aspects of development strategy and, in particular, the impact of initial success on perceptions of competence and risk taking.
Keywords: Design; 
				  Business Strategy; 
				  Product Marketing; 
				  Knowledge Use and Leverage; 
				  Motorcycle Industry; 
				  Italy; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Ducati Corse: The Making of a Grand Prix Motorcycle." Harvard Business School Case 605-090, June 2005. (Revised June 2006.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Supplement        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        June 2004
	        
			   (Revised June 2006)
			
		
		
		
		

Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (A)
Gary P. Pisano, Lee Fleming and Eli Strick
Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a drug discovery company that recently decided to pursue a vertically integrated business model, chose to build up its clinical development and commercial capabilities and infrastructure. For the first time in its history, Vertex will select two drug candidates from its internal research portfolio of four projects to develop on its own, without the help of strategic partners. CEO Joshua Boger and President Vicki Sato are grappling with which two projects to select. Focuses on how to select projects and how to manage the process of portfolio selection.
Keywords: Research and Development; 
				  Investment Portfolio; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Lee Fleming, and Eli Strick. "Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (A)." Harvard Business School Supplement 604-101, June 2004. (Revised June 2006.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        June 2006
	        
		
		
		
		

Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (A), (B), and (C) (TN)
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Investment Portfolio; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (A), (B), and (C) (TN)." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 606-145, June 2006. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 2005
	        
			   (Revised May 2006)
			
		
		
		
		

Teradyne Corporation: The Jaguar Project
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Teradyne, a leading manufacturer of semiconductor test equipment, embarked on a multiyear effort to improve its product development capabilities and to implement more formalized project management approaches. Examines the development of a new-generation tester that involved significant hardware and software design. For this, the company decided to implement new approaches to project management and project teams. Invites discussion of the effectiveness of these approaches and the general lessons for the management of product development.
Keywords: Projects; 
				  Management; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Hardware; 
				  Software; 
				  Groups and Teams; 
				  Business or Company Management; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Problems and Challenges; 
				  Semiconductor Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Teradyne Corporation: The Jaguar Project." Harvard Business School Case 606-042, September 2005. (Revised May 2006.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Supplement        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        April 2006
	        
		
		
		
		

Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (B)
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (B)." Harvard Business School Supplement 606-116, April 2006. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Supplement        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        April 2006
	        
		
		
		
		

Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (C)
Francesca Gino and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Gino, Francesca, and Gary P. Pisano. "Vertex Pharmaceuticals: R&D Portfolio Management (C)." Harvard Business School Supplement 606-117, April 2006. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 2002
	        
			   (Revised April 2006)
			
		
		
		
		

Istituto Clinico Humanitas (A)
Richard M.J. Bohmer, Gary P. Pisano and Ning Tang
Istituto Clinico Humanitas is a newly built private hospital, south of Milan, Italy, that has attained unusual profitability while treating public system patients. The hospital was built and is managed by Techosp, a subsidiary of Techint, a global engineering and consulting firm. Techosp created a design and management system that emphasizes optimizing patient throughput and utilization of all of the hospital's facilities. Physicians are all fully employed and have a significant financial incentive to maximize efficiency. The executive team is now considering whether to affiliate with the University of Milan medical school and, in effect, become Italy's first private academic medical center. The general manager must consider the effect of this affiliation on the hospital's performance.
Keywords: Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Management Analysis, Tools, and Techniques; 
				  Management Systems; 
				  Infrastructure; 
				  Managerial Roles; 
				  Integration; 
				  Performance; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  Milan; 
				  

Citation:Bohmer, Richard M.J., Gary P. Pisano, and Ning Tang. "Istituto Clinico Humanitas (A)." Harvard Business School Case 603-063, September 2002. (Revised April 2006.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 2002
	        
			   (Revised July 2004)
			
		
		
		
		

Istituto Clinico Humanitas (A)(TN)
Richard M.J. Bohmer and Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-603-063).
Keywords: Health Industry; 
				  Milan; 
				  

Citation:Bohmer, Richard M.J., and Gary P. Pisano. "Istituto Clinico Humanitas (A)(TN)." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 603-077, November 2002. (Revised July 2004.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        June 2003
	        
		
		
		
		

Discovering the Future: R&D Strategy at Merck (TN)
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-601-086).
Keywords: Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Discovering the Future: R&D Strategy at Merck (TN)." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 603-137, June 2003. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        January 2002
	        
			   (Revised August 2002)
			
		
		
		
		

Life Sciences Revolution, The: A Technical Primer
Gary P. Pisano, Clarissa Ceruti and Stephanie Oestreich
For more than two decades, scientific advances have been driving profound changes in drug discovery and the drug industry itself. This case provides an overview and description of these technical and scientific advances. Written for the nonscientific reader, it may be used as companion reading for other case materials that require basic knowledge of the tools, techniques, and approaches used in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
Keywords: Science; 
				  Technological Innovation; 
				  Technology; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Clarissa Ceruti, and Stephanie Oestreich. "Life Sciences Revolution, The: A Technical Primer." Harvard Business School Case 602-118, January 2002. (Revised August 2002.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        April 2002
	        
		
		
		
		

In vivo to in vitro to in silico: Coping with Tidal Waves of Data at Biogen
Juan Enriquez-Cabot, Gary P. Pisano and Gaye Bok
Biogen is a successful biotech company facing a critical juncture. CEO John Mullen ponders how technological changes introduced into the research function will shape larger corporate decisions. This world in which biotechnology companies operated had changed dramatically over the past few years. Parts of biology were rapidly evolving from being an individualistic, wet lab, bench-science driven field toward one where scientists manipulated huge amounts of data and divided up research steps into a factorylike production process. At the same time, the cost of developing a drug and bringing it to market had ballooned, from an estimated $231 million in 1991 to $802 million in 2000. Biogen was conservative in adopting new genomics tools. This case describes how the company decided to bring in house the latest genomics in silico tools and applied them to the discovery and research phase for drug development. The company also then restructured its research strategy. As the new tools and early-phase research began to bear fruit, Mullen realized that they implied significant changes down the road for other parts of Biogen.
Keywords: Change; 
				  Decisions; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Expansion; 
				  Technology; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Enriquez-Cabot, Juan, Gary P. Pisano, and Gaye Bok. "In vivo to in vitro to in silico: Coping with Tidal Waves of Data at Biogen." Harvard Business School Case 602-122, April 2002. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 1992
	        
			   (Revised January 2002)
			
		
		
		
		

BMW: The 7-Series Project (A)
Gary P. Pisano
Explores BMW's decision about how to manufacture prototype vehicles. Historically, BMW's prototypes were handcrafted by highly skilled artisans in the company's shop. A proposal has been made to alter the process so that prototypes are made in a way that can better uncover potential problems that may arise during final production. While the new approach is expected to make production start-up of new models smoother and reduce quality problems, there is some concern within the company that it will lead to less flexibility to change (and improve) designs during the development cycle. Explores different ways of competing on quality in a luxury product segment and how the product development process affects each of these. A second objective is to examine the notion of a prototyping strategy and the role prototyping plays in linking development strategy and manufacturing strategy.
Keywords: Product Development; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Design; 
				  Production; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Quality; 
				  Decision Making; 
				  Auto Industry; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  Germany; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "BMW: The 7-Series Project (A)." Harvard Business School Case 692-083, February 1992. (Revised January 2002.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 1996
	        
			   (Revised January 2002)
			
		
		
		
		

CIBA Vision: The Daily Disposable Lens Project (A)
Gary P. Pisano
Examines CIBA Vision's decision on whether to launch a major new R&D initiative to develop a low-cost, daily disposable contact lens, and how to organize such a project should it proceed. One group of executives favors setting up a small, autonomous project team organizationally and geographically isolated from the company's existing R&D operations. This approach will enable focus, but poses serious issues concerning future integration.
Keywords: Product Development; 
				  Operations; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Decision Making; 
				  Production; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Management; 
				  Organizational Design; 
				  Globalization; 
				  Medical Devices and Supplies Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "CIBA Vision: The Daily Disposable Lens Project (A)." Harvard Business School Case 696-100, March 1996. (Revised January 2002.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        September 1994
	        
			   (Revised January 2002)
			
		
		
		
		

BMW: The 7-Series Project (B)
Gary P. Pisano and Sharon L. Rossi
Describes the decision made on the 7-Series project with respect to prototyping and its impact on quality.
Keywords: Research and Development; 
				  Quality; 
				  Auto Industry; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  Germany; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Sharon L. Rossi. "BMW: The 7-Series Project (B)." Harvard Business School Case 695-013, September 1994. (Revised January 2002.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 1998
	        
			   (Revised August 2001)
			
		
		
		
		

Intel Corporation: 1968-1997  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-797-137).
Keywords: Strategy; 
				  Market Entry and Exit; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  Forecasting and Prediction; 
				  Semiconductor Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Intel Corporation: 1968-1997  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 699-032, October 1998. (Revised August 2001.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        April 1996
	        
			   (Revised June 2001)
			
		
		
		
		

Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (B): Cardiac Care Improvement
Gary P. Pisano and Maryam Golnaraghi
Explores the challenges confronting the CEO at the Brigham and Women's Hospital in the wake of radical changes in the health care environment. As pressures have risen for cost containment in health care, the hospital has embarked on a series of reengineering efforts to reduce costs, while maintaining the quality of care. The CEO is now evaluating the results of these efforts and considering alternative strategies for improvement.
Keywords: Consolidation; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Mergers and Acquisitions; 
				  Organizational Change and Adaptation; 
				  Change Management; 
				  Management Teams; 
				  Operations; 
				  Innovation and Invention; 
				  Cost Management; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  Massachusetts; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Maryam Golnaraghi. "Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (B): Cardiac Care Improvement." Harvard Business School Case 696-063, April 1996. (Revised June 2001.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 1994
	        
			   (Revised May 2001)
			
		
		
		
		

ITT Automotive: Global Manufacturing Strategy (1994)
Gary P. Pisano and Sharon L. Rossi
ITT Automotive is in the process of developing a new-generation antilock brake system (ABS), designated the MK-20. The case focuses on the level of automation to be used in the production of this new system, and whether all plants should use the same process technology. Due to intensifying cost pressure and rapidly growing demand for lower-cost ABS, the development team and senior management (based in Frankfurt, Germany) strongly favor using a single, highly automated production process in the four plants scheduled to produce the MK-20 (located in Germany, Belgium, and the United States). Managers at the company's two plants in the United States favor using less automation technology in order to allow greater flexibility for improving process technology over time.
Keywords: Technology; 
				  Innovation Strategy; 
				  Production; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Globalized Firms and Management; 
				  Performance Productivity; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  Auto Industry; 
				  Belgium; 
				  Germany; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Sharon L. Rossi. "ITT Automotive: Global Manufacturing Strategy (1994)." Harvard Business School Case 695-002, August 1994. (Revised May 2001.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 2000
	        
		
		
		
		

Heartport, Inc.
Gary P. Pisano and Shoshana Dobrow
Heartport, an entrepreneurial medical device maker, has introduced several innovative systems for conducting less-invasive cardiac surgery. Despite initially high expectations, the company has struggled to get its technology adopted by cardiac surgeons. The company's newest CEO, the third in less than four years, must figure out how to turn around the fledgling company. This case describes Heartport's method of performing minimally invasive cardiac surgery as well as rival techniques for treating cardiovascular disease. Describes the evolution of the company, its product strategy, and its fortunes over the period 1991-99.
Keywords: History; 
				  Product Positioning; 
				  Knowledge Acquisition; 
				  Corporate Entrepreneurship; 
				  Technology Adoption; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Shoshana Dobrow. "Heartport, Inc." Harvard Business School Case 600-020, March 2000. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1999
	        
			   (Revised September 1999)
			
		
		
		
		

HydroCision, Inc.
Gary P. Pisano, Joshua D. Hamermesh, Richard Atsuhiko Kondo, Karen J. Nowiszewski and Erik James Wordelman
Examines the market-entry strategy of a medical device company.
Keywords: Markets; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Medical Devices and Supplies Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Joshua D. Hamermesh, Richard Atsuhiko Kondo, Karen J. Nowiszewski, and Erik James Wordelman. "HydroCision, Inc." Harvard Business School Case 699-176, May 1999. (Revised September 1999.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        December 1991
	        
			   (Revised October 1998)
			
		
		
		
		

Eli Lilly and Co.: Manufacturing Process Technology Strategy--1991
Gary P. Pisano, Steven C. Wheelwright and Jonathan West
Outlines the evolution of Lilly's corporate manufacturing strategy over the past decade. The corporate vice president of manufacturing must decide on the next phase of Lilly's strategy for the early 1990s, as well as to what extent and what role process development will play. Provides data outlining three different points in the product development process at which manufacturing process development might be initiated. Using learning curve concepts and data, students can estimate the economic costs and benefits (as well as organizational issues and challenges) associated with each. Illustrates process improvement's substantial impact in a capital-intensive industry, describes possible roles of manufacturing process technology in an industry that has viewed product R&D as its primary competitive advantage, illustrates phases through which manufacturing can evolve in pursuit of comparative advantage, and introduces students to a challenging and changing industry.
Keywords: Cost vs Benefits; 
				  Management Practices and Processes; 
				  Industry Structures; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Production; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Competitive Advantage; 
				  Corporate Strategy; 
				  Manufacturing Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., Steven C. Wheelwright, and Jonathan West. "Eli Lilly and Co.: Manufacturing Process Technology Strategy--1991." Harvard Business School Case 692-056, December 1991. (Revised October 1998.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1998
	        
		
		
		
		

Concept of Operations Strategy,The TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for instructors in teaching Operations Strategy.
Keywords: Operations; 
				  Teaching; 
				  Strategy; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Concept of Operations Strategy,The TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 698-064, May 1998. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Background Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        July 1997
	        
		
		
		
		

Sustaining Superior Performance: Commitments and Capabilities
Pankaj Ghemawat and Gary P. Pisano
Presents evidence on the unsustainability of many competitive advantages, reviews the typical threats to the sustainability, and discusses ways in which those threats can be combatted.
Keywords: Competitive Advantage; 
				  

Citation:Ghemawat, Pankaj, and Gary P. Pisano. "Sustaining Superior Performance: Commitments and Capabilities." Harvard Business School Background Note 798-008, July 1997. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 1996
	        
			   (Revised April 1997)
			
		
		
		
		

Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (A)
Gary P. Pisano and Maryam Golnaraghi
Focuses on the decision confronting senior administrators at the Brigham and Women's Hospital: whether to enter into an affiliation with the Massachusetts General Hospital. Requires students to analyze the complex institutional changes in the health environment and to determine how the proposed affiliation might influence the hospital's chances for successfully carrying out its core missions.
Keywords: Consolidation; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  Mergers and Acquisitions; 
				  Organizational Change and Adaptation; 
				  Change Management; 
				  Management Teams; 
				  Health Industry; 
				  Massachusetts; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Maryam Golnaraghi. "Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (A)." Harvard Business School Case 696-062, February 1996. (Revised April 1997.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1996
	        
		
		
		
		

Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (A)  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-696-062).
Keywords: Health Industry; 
				  Massachusetts; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (A)  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-105, May 1996. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1996
	        
		
		
		
		

Operations Strategy Course Overview Note  TN
Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Operations Strategy Course Overview Note  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-106, May 1996. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1996
	        
		
		
		
		

Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (B): Cardiac Care Improvement  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-696-063).
Keywords: Health Industry; 
				  Massachusetts; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Partners HealthCare System, Inc. (B): Cardiac Care Improvement  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-109, May 1996. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 1996
	        
			   (Revised April 1996)
			
		
		
		
		

State Street Bank and Trust Company: New Product Development
Gary P. Pisano and Maryam Golnaraghi
Portrays the dilemma faced by Marsh Carter, CEO and chairman of the board of State Street Bank, in May 1995. For the past decade, the bank earned continually expanding earnings through its rapidly growing custody business. Now, as that business matures and custodial fees erode, Carter is seeking to expand the bank's presence in higher value-added financial services. Developing these will require the bank to build new sets of organizational capabilities to leverage and integrate skills located in different divisions of the bank.
Keywords: Product Development; 
				  Finance; 
				  Problems and Challenges; 
				  Management Teams; 
				  Organizational Change and Adaptation; 
				  Change Management; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Banking Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and Maryam Golnaraghi. "State Street Bank and Trust Company: New Product Development." Harvard Business School Case 696-087, March 1996. (Revised April 1996.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 1995
	        
			   (Revised March 1996)
			
		
		
		
		

ITT Automotive: Global Manufacturing Strategy (1994)  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-695-002).
Keywords: Auto Industry; 
				  Belgium; 
				  Germany; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "ITT Automotive: Global Manufacturing Strategy (1994)  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-040, August 1995. (Revised March 1996.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        July 1995
	        
			   (Revised March 1996)
			
		
		
		
		

Applichem (A) (Abridged)  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-694-030).
Keywords: Chemical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Applichem (A) (Abridged)  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-017, July 1995. (Revised March 1996.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1992
	        
			   (Revised February 1996)
			
		
		
		
		

Nucleon, Inc., Teaching Note
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-692-041).
Keywords: Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Nucleon, Inc., Teaching Note." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 692-095, May 1992. (Revised February 1996.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 1995
	        
		
		
		
		

Eli Lilly and Company: The Flexible Facility Decision (1993) TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-694-074).
Keywords: Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Eli Lilly and Company: The Flexible Facility Decision (1993) TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-041, August 1995. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 1995
	        
		
		
		
		

Crown Equipment Corporation: Design Services Strategy  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-991-031) and (9-991-032).
Keywords: Strategy; 
				  Design; 
				  Product Design; 
				  Service Industry; 
				  Industrial Products Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Crown Equipment Corporation: Design Services Strategy  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 696-042, August 1995. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 1992
	        
			   (Revised April 1995)
			
		
		
		
		

BMW: The 7-Series Project (A), Teaching Note
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-692-083).
Keywords: Projects; 
				  Competency and Skills; 
				  Production; 
				  Quality; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Growth and Development Strategy; 
				  Decisions; 
				  Management Practices and Processes; 
				  Luxury; 
				  Auto Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "BMW: The 7-Series Project (A), Teaching Note." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 692-094, March 1992. (Revised April 1995.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1992
	        
			   (Revised November 1994)
			
		
		
		
		

Eli Lilly and Co.: Manufacturing Process Technology Strategy--1991, Teaching Note
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-692-056).
Keywords: Manufacturing Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Eli Lilly and Co.: Manufacturing Process Technology Strategy--1991, Teaching Note." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 692-109, May 1992. (Revised November 1994.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 1994
	        
			   (Revised November 1994)
			
		
		
		
		

American Connector Company (A)  TN
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-693-035).
Keywords: Japan; 
				  Sunnyvale; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "American Connector Company (A)  TN." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 695-014, August 1994. (Revised November 1994.) View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        March 1994
	        
			   (Revised April 1994)
			
		
		
		
		

Eli Lilly and Co.: The Flexible Facility Decision--1993
Gary P. Pisano
In 1993, Eli Lilly is preparing to build manufacturing capacity for three new pharmaceutical products that it expects to launch in 1996. Management wrestles with a decision of whether to add specialized manufacturing capacity or flexible capacity. This question touches off a broad debate within the company about which strategy to follow for future facilities decisions. This case presents two alternatives (flexible and specialized plants) and describes the benefits and costs associated with each.
Keywords: Debates; 
				  Cost vs Benefits; 
				  Decisions; 
				  Investment; 
				  Goals and Objectives; 
				  Product Launch; 
				  Production; 
				  Corporate Strategy; 
				  Pharmaceutical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Eli Lilly and Co.: The Flexible Facility Decision--1993." Harvard Business School Case 694-074, March 1994. (Revised April 1994.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        November 1991
	        
			   (Revised April 1994)
			
		
		
		
		

Nucleon, Inc.
Gary P. Pisano
Nucleon is a small biotechnology company whose first potential product is about to enter clinical testing. Before Nucleon can begin clinical trials, however, its management must decide how and where to manufacture the product. Three options are being contemplated: 1) build an in-house pilot plant, 2) contract production to a third-party, 3) license the development, manufacturing, and marketing rights to a corporate partner. Allows discussion of a number of manufacturing strategy issues relevant to R&D-intensive entrepreneurial firms. A key issue is the strategic value of in-house manufacturing to a company that competes largely on very distinctive and specialized R&D capabilities.
Keywords: Factories, Labs, and Plants; 
				  Entrepreneurship; 
				  Health Testing and Trials; 
				  Rights; 
				  Product Development; 
				  Production; 
				  Partners and Partnerships; 
				  Research and Development; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Nucleon, Inc." Harvard Business School Case 692-041, November 1991. (Revised April 1994.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        January 1990
	        
			   (Revised October 1993)
			
		
		
		
		

Monsanto's March into Biotechnology (A)
Gary P. Pisano
Very early in the history of biotechnology (about 1979), Monsanto made a major commitment to move into this field. This case recounts the history from the point of view of the eminent scientist hired to head up corporate R&D. He took Monsanto from a very traditional agricultural chemicals technology base to one of the world's finest biotechnology centers and oversaw the purchase of Searle Pharmaceuticals. Raises a number of issues: How can a company move into a totally new technology? What are the advantages and disadvantages of sourcing technology from small firms and universities? How should research be organized? Emphasizes the very long-term view that Monsanto took in justifying their huge investment.
Keywords: History; 
				  Transition; 
				  Biotechnology Industry; 
				  Agriculture and Agribusiness Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Monsanto's March into Biotechnology (A)." Harvard Business School Case 690-009, January 1990. (Revised October 1993.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        August 1993
	        
		
		
		
		

Applichem (A) (Abridged)
Janice H. Hammond and Gary P. Pisano
Applichem manufactures the same chemical product in four plants, each of which is located in a different country. The company has completed a major study comparing the productivity and performance of these plants. Using the data from the study, students must decide which, if any, plants to close. The case requires students to think about the relevant metrics for comparing the performance of plants that operate very differently and in different countries. An important issue is the distinction between physical measures of productivity and financial measures of performance. Finally, the case allows students to think about what management might do to ensure that productivity improvements are shared across the plant network.
Keywords: Business or Company Management; 
				  Management Practices and Processes; 
				  Performance Productivity; 
				  Performance Efficiency; 
				  Performance Evaluation; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Judgments; 
				  Factories, Labs, and Plants; 
				  Business Exit or Shutdown; 
				  Chemical Industry; 
				  

Citation:Hammond, Janice H., and Gary P. Pisano. "Applichem (A) (Abridged)." Harvard Business School Case 694-030, August 1993. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 1992
	        
			   (Revised December 1992)
			
		
		
		
		

American Connector Company (A)
Gary P. Pisano
American Connector Co. is forced to reexamine operations at its Sunnyvale plant when a Japanese competitor announces plans to build an "ultimate" plant in the United States. Case examines issues related to benchmarking a competitor's manufacturing capabilities and productivity. Allows students to compare two companies' manufacturing strategies and their implications for productivity and flexibility.
Keywords: Production; 
				  Infrastructure; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  Global Strategy; 
				  Policy; 
				  Strategic Planning; 
				  Performance Productivity; 
				  Management Analysis, Tools, and Techniques; 
				  Performance Effectiveness; 
				  Sunnyvale; 
				  Japan; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "American Connector Company (A)." Harvard Business School Case 693-035, October 1992. (Revised December 1992.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Supplement        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 1992
	        
		
		
		
		

American Connector Co. (B)
Gary P. Pisano
Presents a plant manager's proposal to improve operations at American Connector Co. The plan attempts to imitate operations at DJC Corp., a successful Japanese competitor. Requires students to consider how changes in manufacturing impact productivity, flexibility, and overall strategy.
Keywords: Change; 
				  Production; 
				  Performance Productivity; 
				  Strategy; 
				  Japan; 
				  Sunnyvale; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "American Connector Co. (B)." Harvard Business School Supplement 693-049, October 1992. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 1990
	        
			   (Revised July 1992)
			
		
		
		
		

Whistler Corp. (A)
Gary P. Pisano
Describes the circumstances surrounding Whistler Corp.'s decision whether or not to continue manufacturing operations in the United States. The company had been experiencing severe problems in its domestic manufacturing operations and was thus unable to compete with suppliers from the Far East. A pilot project organized by a consulting firm suggests a number of changes that could drastically improve the firm's manufacturing competitiveness. Management must decide whether these changes should be implemented or whether all products should be procured from offshore sources.
Keywords: Job Cuts and Outsourcing; 
				  Production; 
				  Problems and Challenges; 
				  Competitive Strategy; 
				  Apparel and Accessories Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Whistler Corp. (A)." Harvard Business School Case 690-011, February 1990. (Revised July 1992.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsPurchase
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1992
	        
		
		
		
		

Perkin-Elmer: Physical Electronics Division, Teaching Note
Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Perkin-Elmer: Physical Electronics Division, Teaching Note." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 692-107, May 1992. View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Teaching Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        May 1992
	        
		
		
		
		

Whistler Corp. (A) and (B), Teaching Note
Gary P. Pisano
Teaching Note for (9-690-011) and (9-692-072).
Keywords: Apparel and Accessories Industry; 
				  United States; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Whistler Corp. (A) and (B), Teaching Note." Harvard Business School Teaching Note 692-108, May 1992. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Background Note        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        February 1990
	        
			   (Revised March 1992)
			
		
		
		
		

Biotechnology: A Technical Note
Gary P. Pisano

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Biotechnology: A Technical Note." Harvard Business School Background Note 690-010, February 1990. (Revised March 1992.) View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsFind at Harvard
Related









			Supplement        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        December 1991
	        
		
		
		
		

Whistler Corp. (B)
Gary P. Pisano and David T. Kotchen
Describes the decision the company chose and how it worked out. Designed as an in-class follow-up to Whistler Corp. (A).
Keywords: Decision Making; 
				  Apparel and Accessories Industry; 
				  Massachusetts; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P., and David T. Kotchen. "Whistler Corp. (B)." Harvard Business School Supplement 692-072, December 1991. View Details




CiteView DetailsPurchase
Related









			Case        
		
| HBS Case Collection 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		    | 
		   
	        October 1989
	        
		
		
		
		

Perkin-Elmer: Physical Electronics Division
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Electronics Industry; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "Perkin-Elmer: Physical Electronics Division." Harvard Business School Case 690-037, October 1989. View Details




CiteView DetailsEducatorsFind at Harvard
Related








Presentations





			Conference Presentation        
		


Different Patterns of Performance improvement for explicit and tacit knowledge: An empirical test
Amy C. Edmondson, Ann Winslow, Richard Bohmer and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Performance Improvement; 
				  Knowledge; 
				  

Citation:Edmondson, Amy C., Ann Winslow, Richard Bohmer, and Gary P. Pisano. "Different Patterns of Performance improvement for explicit and tacit knowledge: An empirical test." . View Details




CiteView Details
Related









			Conference Presentation        
		
| 
		   
	    
			15
			Nov
			2002
			
			
		
		
		
		
		

The Biomedical Revolution:  From Promise to Reality
Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Science; 
				  Transformation; 
				  

Citation:Pisano, Gary P. "The Biomedical Revolution:  From Promise to Reality." Paper presented at the HBS Healthcare Industry Alumni Conference, November 15, 2002. View Details




CiteView Details
Related








Other Publications and Materials





			Other Unpublished Work        
		
| 
		   2005
		
		
		
		

The Firm Specificity of Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Performance; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "The Firm Specificity of Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery." January 2005. View Details




CiteView Details
				Read Now
			
Related









			Other Unpublished Work        
		
| 
		   2002
		
		
		
		

The Effect of Organizational Context on Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery
Robert S. Huckman and Gary P. Pisano
Keywords: Organizations; 
				  Performance; 
				  Health Care and Treatment; 
				  

Citation:Huckman, Robert S., and Gary P. Pisano. "The Effect of Organizational Context on Individual Performance: Evidence from Cardiac Surgery." December 2002. View Details




CiteView Details
Related







Search all publications by 
			           		
		
		
        Gary P. Pisano
	
			             »












In the News07 Jan 2015American Public Media: MarketplaceCost of saving factory jobs via lower wages20 Mar 2015Wall Street JournalBig Pharma Needs to Get Busy in the Lab09 Apr 2015Boston GlobeAriad Pharmaceuticals’ chief fights to hold on









 







ǁ 
















                    
                    Harvard Business School
                    Soldiers Field
                    Boston, MA 02163

                  


→
Map & Directions



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



 
 
 






HBS Facebook





Alumni Facebook





Executive Education Facebook





Michael Porter Facebook





Working Knowledge Facebook





HBS Twitter





Executive Education Twitter





HBS Alumni Twitter





Michael Porter Twitter





Recruiting Twitter





Rock Center Twitter





Working Knowledge Twitter





Jobs Twitter





HBS Youtube





Michael Porter Youtube





Executive Education Youtube





HBS Linkedin





Alumni Linkedin





Executive Education Linkedin





MBA Linkedin





Linkedin





HBS Google Plus





Executive Education Google Plus





HBS Instagram





Alumni Instagram





Executive Education Instagram





Michael Porter Instagram





HBS iTunes





Executive Education iTunes





HBS Tumblr





Executive Education Weibo





HBS Snapchat





Executive Education Wechat



→All Social Media


→
All Social Media










Site Map
Jobs
Harvard University
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College













