


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P
                    

•   JENKINTOWN, PA
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P is based out of Jenkintown.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-05. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




pitcairn alternative investment fund l p


ONE PITCAIRN PLACE, SUITE 3000

JENKINTOWN
PA
                                                        
                                                    19046


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      215.887.6700







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/05/2016
D/A filed on 10/16/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-05
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
46,047,862
INDEFINITE


2015-10-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
44,842,862
INDEFINITE


2010-08-18
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
20,960,204
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




DIRK   JUNGE

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



ERIC W.  GAUL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



HAROLD F.  PITCAIRN, II

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



LAWRENCE R.  BARDFELD

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



LESLIE C.  VOTH

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



RICHARD E.  BOROWY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



WILLIAM C.  MCCORMICK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/52691-pitcairn-alternative-investment-fund-l-psection=companies&subsection=detail&id=52691  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L PCompany DetailsGet alertedif Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P gets funded!Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L PFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesPennsylvaniaJenkintownIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 16th, 2015$44,842,862-View DealAugust 18th, 2010$20,960,204-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P gets funded?Key peopleLawrence BardfeldExecutive_OfficerRichard BorowyExecutive OfficerEric GaulExecutive OfficerDirk JungeDirector, Executive Officer, Executive_OfficerWilliam MccormickExecutive_OfficerHarold Pitcairn, IiDirector, Executive Officer, Executive_OfficerLeslie VothDirector, Executive Officer, Executive_OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 




PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P  Funding details


PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001011548Address: ONE PITCAIRN PLACE, SUITE 3000 165 TOWNSHIP LINE ROAD JENKINTOWN 19046Phone number: 215.887.6700



Latest news
PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P raised $46,047,862 from 117 investors on 2016-10-05.



PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-05Amended Form DIndefinite$46,047,862Indefinite$011706b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2015-10-16Amended Form DIndefinite$44,842,862Indefinite$011606b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2010-08-18New Form DIndefinite$20,960,204Indefinite$07306 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P raised $46,047,862 in total.



Directors and Executives of PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P
Key People in PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P:

Dirk JungeLeslie VothLawrence BardfeldWilliam McCormickHarold Pitcairn, IIRichard BorowyEric Gaul








Last visited companies: Sapience Therapeutics, Inc., Argand Partners Institutional Co-Invest Fund, LP, Argand Partners SEA Fund AI, LP, WHI Special Investments, LLC, Dogpatch Technology, Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.




















  Richard E. Borowy | Pitcairn
 

















































Home | Client Login | 800 211 1745





 
 

Navigation Menu


 
 
 




Home »

									  Richard E. Borowy					  
Richard E. Borowy


Director of Alternative Investments
Richard E. Borowy is Director of Alternative Investments. Rich has over 26 years of industry experience. As the Director of Alternative Investments at Pitcairn, he is responsible for overseeing all alternative managers on the investment platform including manager selection, due diligence, and monitoring. In addition, Rich manages the Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund and Pitcairn Private Equity Fund and conducts alternative investment product research and portfolio management for these funds. As a member of the Investment Strategy committee and the Due Diligence committee, Rich plays an important role in Pitcairn’s investment decision-making process. Before assuming his current role, Rich was a Senior Equity Analyst at Pitcairn, responsible for researching and analyzing private investment opportunities.  
Prior to joining Pitcairn in 1987, Rich worked as a securities analyst at Cheng Management where he developed models to analyze the performance of high growth companies in stock portfolios. He earned his MBA at Columbia University, his MS in Chemistry at the University of Connecticut and his BA at Western Connecticut State College.
 
 
 
 

Recent News

Family Office Reaps Real Dividends from Wigmore Association


Drain the Swamp or a Drain on the Swamp?


Pitcairn Investment Commentary: “Remain Focused on the Known”


 Upcoming Events

Human Capital in the Family Enterprise – Private Event


The Value of Collaboration: Lessons from the Wigmore Association – Private Event


FOX Regional Member Briefing – Invitation Only


   
 


Contact Info We have offices in:

Philadelphia
New York
Washington, DC

1-800-211-1745
   Upcoming Events 

Family Office Reaps Real Dividends from Wigmore Association


Drain the Swamp or a Drain on the Swamp?


Human Capital in the Family Enterprise – Private Event


The Value of Collaboration: Lessons from the Wigmore Association – Private Event


Pitcairn Investment Commentary: “Remain Focused on the Known”


  SitemapHome
Who We Are
What We Do
Resources
News and Events
Contact Us
   
 
 
 
800 211 1745   |   Offices in Philadelphia, New York, & Washington, DC  
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy   |   © 2009- Pitcairn
 

Top


















PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P - Pooled Investment Fund- Bardfeld  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    One Pitcairn Place, Suite 3000 165 Township Line Road 
    Jenkintown, PA, 19046Phone: 215.887.6700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-05


Amended


$46,047,862


$1,205,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-16


Amended


$44,842,862


$23,882,658


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2010-08-18


New


$20,960,204


$20,960,204


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Lawrence R. Bardfeld 
 Executive 


 Richard E. Borowy 
 Executive 


 Eric W. Gaul 
 Executive 


 Dirk Junge 
 Director, Executive 


 William C. Mc Cormick 
 Executive 


 Harold F. Pitcairn, Ii 
 Director, Executive 


 Leslie C. Voth 
 Director, Executive 










 

Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P raised $44,842,862 on October 16th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/379763-pitcairn-alternative-investment-fund-l-psection=deals&subsection=detail&id=379763  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P raised $44,842,862 on October 16th, 2015.Get alertedif Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P gets funded!Amount:$44,842,862Company:Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L PInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesPennsylvaniaJenkintownKey people:Lawrence Bardfeld (Executive_Officer) Richard Borowy (Executive Officer) Eric Gaul (Executive Officer) Dirk Junge (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) William Mccormick (Executive_Officer) Harold Pitcairn, Ii (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Leslie Voth (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - PITCAIRN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND L P (0001011548) (Filer)Description:A 45M capital raising was completed by Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P, a Finance company based in Jenkintown, United States. The transaction was completed in October 16th, 2015.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!﻿







Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund  Filing. Richard E Borowy  Released Oct 16  Form D – Octafinance






















































 








Saturday, 22 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund  Filing. Richard E Borowy  Released Oct 16  Form D


10/16/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund  Filing. Richard E Borowy  Released Oct 16  Form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/pitcairn-alternative-investment-fund-filing-richard-e-borowy-released-oct-16-form-d/227995/.CaptchaSubmit
Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund Form D
The Pennsylvania-based Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P filed form D because of $44.84 million offering. The date of first sale was 1996-03-29. The Limited Partnership raised $44.84 million. The offering is still open. The total offering amount was $44.84 million. The offering form was filed on 2015-10-16. Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund L P’s clarification was: unspecified. 
 Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund is based in Pennsylvania. The firm’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The D form was signed by Richard E Borowy Executive Officer of General Partner. The company was incorporated more than five years ago. The filler’s address is: One Pitcairn Place, Suite 3000, 165 Township Line Road, Jenkintown, Pa, Pennsylvania, 19046. Dirk Junge is the related person in the form and it has address: One Pitcairn Place, Suite 3000, 165 Township Line Road, Jenkintown, Pa, Pennsylvania, 19046. Link to Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund Filing: 000101154815000002.
Analysis of Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund Offering
On average, companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80% investment fund interests. Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund sold 100.00% of the offering. The average offering size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The minimum investment for Pitcairn Alternative Investment Fund ‘s private offering was $0.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



12 West Capital Fund  Filing. Joel Ramin  Published Oct 16  SEC form Realty Mogul 45  Filing. Jeffrey Kohn  Published Oct 16  D form 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Liquid Alternatives Center



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Diversifying Your Portfolio With Liquid Alternatives















Diversifying Your Portfolio With Liquid Alternatives

 / 























DEFINING ALTERNATIVES
1 of 3





INVESTOR BENEFITS
2 of 3





WHY NOW
3 of 3













Exploring a Broader Opportunity Set

                Mutual funds and ETFs have evolved to offer alternative
investment opportunities to nearly every investor.
            









Alternatives Use Familiar Investments and Apply Differentiated Strategies





Alternative strategies generally use traditional investments, like stocks and bonds, and apply non-traditional investment approaches in an effort to provide differentiated returns. Alternative strategies can also access other asset classes, such as real estate or commodities.










Alternatives Are Now More Accessible





For many years, alternative investments were only available to institutions, like pensions and endowments, and certain individual investors. Today, nearly every investor can access the differentiated return characteristics of alternatives through mutual funds or ETFs, also known as liquid alternatives.











Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only. Views and opinions expressed are for informational purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation by GSAM to buy, sell, or hold any security. An investment in alternatives is not appropriate for all investors. Please see additional disclosures. Note that alternative investing is not suitable for all investors and liquid alternatives are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money.

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 










Alternatives: Exploring a Broader Opportunity Set















Alternatives: Exploring a Broader Opportunity Set

 / 






















Broader Adoption of Alternatives Is Underway





Liquid alternatives industry assets and the number of available funds have grown tremendously as these strategies have become increasingly available in mutual fund format.










Source: Morningstar as of December 31, 2016. For illustrative purposes only. In an effort to distinguish funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed the Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).







Taking an Alternate Path to Generate Returns

                Alternatives may help investors achieve a smoother investment experience over various market cycles, allowing for long-term outperformance.
            









Alternatives Have Often Outperformed Either Stocks or Bonds





A more flexible investment approach allows alternative strategies to access distinct drivers of return. As a result, they may behave more independently than traditional asset classes. Alternatives have historically provided differentiated returns and helped to stabilize investment portfolios over time.





Over the Past 27 Years, Alternatives Outperformed at Least One Element of an Investor’s Core Portfolio 67% of the Time.










Additional Returns









For Illustrative Purposes Only. Source: Bloomberg, GSAM. Underlying Indices: Core Equity – S&P 500 Index; Core Fixed Income – Barclays US Agg Bond Index; Alternatives – HFRIFOF Index. Please see additional disclosures. Time period shown is earliest common inception date (HFRI FoF inception 1/1/1990) through the most recent end of year. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.











Alternatives Have Provided Additional Stability to Investors





Over the past 25 years, stocks have appreciated in value by a factor of ten, though the ascent has been rocky at times. Bonds have had more modest but stable appreciation. By diversifying sources of return and helping to provide stability in market downturns, alternatives may encourage investors to stay the course over various market cycles.










VIEW LESS DISCLOSURE





Source: GSAM, Bloomberg, HFR. As of December 31, 2016. Starting point of January 1990 selected given longest common index since inception (HFRI FOF inception January 1990). Alternatives , equities, and bonds are represented by the HFRI Fund of Funds Index, S&P 500 TR Index, and Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index, respectively. HFRI and related indices are trademarks and service marks of Hedge Fund Research, Inc. ("HFR") which has no affiliation with GSAM. Information regarding HFR indices was obtained from HFR’s website and other public sources and is provided for informational purposes only. HFR does not endorse or approve any of the statements made herein. HFRI FOF index shown as representative of absolute return strategies. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.
*Growth of $10,000: A graphical measurement of a portfolio's gross return that simulates the performance of an initial investment of $10,000 over the given time period. The example provided does not reflect the deduction of investment advisory fees which would reduce an investor's return. Please be advised that since this example is calculated gross of fees the compounding effect of an investment manager's fees are not taken into consideration and the deduction of such fees would have a significant impact on the returns the greater the time period and as such the value of the $10,000, if calculated on a net basis, would be significantly lower than shown in this example.
Diversification does not protect an investor from market risk and does not ensure a profit.










Solving a Return Conundrum

                After years of strong returns for stocks and bonds, the future may not resemble the past.
            









We Believe Now Is the Time to Diversify Your Portfolio with Alternatives





With stock prices and bond yields near record levels, we believe it is unlikely for current trends to continue. Alternatives have historically delivered attractive returns relative to stocks and bonds during challenging market environments.










VIEW LESS DISCLOSURE





Source: GSAM, Bloomberg, HFR. As of December 31, 2016. Challenges faced by traditional asset classes are defined as equity bear markets and rising rate periods. Rising rate periods are longest five since 1990. Bear markets are defined as periods in which equities realized at least a 15% pullback. Starting point of January 1990 selected given longest common index since inception (HFRI FOF inception January 1990). Data reflects average outperformance of alternatives (HFRI Fund of Funds Index) versus bonds (Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index) in five longest rising rate periods since 1990 and of alternatives (HFRI Fund of Fund Index) versus stocks (S&P 500 TR Index) during equity bear markets. HFRI and related indices are trademarks and service marks of Hedge Fund Research, Inc. ("HFR") which has no affiliation with GSAM. Information regarding HFR indices was obtained from HFR’s website and other public sources and is provided for informational purposes only. HFR does not endorse or approve any of the statements made herein. HFRI FOF index shown as representative of absolute return strategies. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.













Conversation Starters





Insights and analysis designed to address questions and provide information to investors exploring alternative investments.












												Alternatives Can Be Core Strategies
											


Over the last quarter century, alternatives frequently outperformed stocks or bonds.











												Harness the Power of Diversification
											


Increasing the number of strategies may lower volatility, without detracting from returns.











												Make Risk Matter
											


Portfolios with lower volatility—for instance, those which incorporate alternative strategies—may reduce risk.  










												Rethink the Role of Cash
											


Investors should review the liquidity tools available to address a tricky trilemma.






VIEW LESS










Learn More About Liquid Alternatives




















												Liquid Alternative Investments MAPS
											


The MAPS is designed to help investors understand the risks and potential reward of liquid alternatives.


















												Bringing Alternatives Within Reach
											


The GS Multi-Manager Alternatives Fund is a mutual fund that provides investors access to a diverse group of leading alternatives managers across a range of strategies. 

















												Seeking Consistent Returns Across All Market Environments
											


GS Absolute Return Multi-Asset Fund is a multi-asset class alternative investment portfolio that seeks to deliver consistent returns in all market environments through broad diversification and dynamic management. 

















												Alternative Investment Allocation Tool
											


Use this tool to explore the potential benefits of adding alternatives to a theoretical portfolio.  











												Liquid Alternatives Glossary
											


A guide to common liquid alternatives investing terms. 





VIEW LESS






                                CONTACT US
                                
                                     
                                        
                                            
                                            
                                                See More
                                            



For More Information

Broker/Dealers


800.292.4726



Independents/RIAs


866.473.8637



Banks


888.444.1151



Retirement Services


800.559.9778






Client Service

A & C Shares


800.292.4726



Institutional Shares


800.621.2550













                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               

















































