

PlainsCapital Bank: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:00 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of PlainsCapital Bank



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PlainsCapital Bank provides personal and business banking products and services. It offers checking accounts, savings and money market accounts, certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, and debit cards. The company also provides mortgage, personal, and home improvement loans; credit cards, lines of credit, and letters of credit; and real estate, SBA, professional and executive, equipment, and agricultural loans. In addition, it offers wealth management services, such as investment management, trust and estate services, charitable trusts, financial planning, oil and gas management, real estate management, and custody and personal administrative services; and online and mobile ...
PlainsCapital Bank provides personal and business banking products and services. It offers checking accounts, savings and money market accounts, certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, and debit cards. The company also provides mortgage, personal, and home improvement loans; credit cards, lines of credit, and letters of credit; and real estate, SBA, professional and executive, equipment, and agricultural loans. In addition, it offers wealth management services, such as investment management, trust and estate services, charitable trusts, financial planning, oil and gas management, real estate management, and custody and personal administrative services; and online and mobile banking services. PlainsCapital Bank was formerly known as PNB Financial Bank and changed its name to PlainsCapital Bank in October 2003. The company was founded in 1955 and is based in Dallas, Texas.

Detailed Description


2911 Turtle Creek BoulevardSuite 1300Dallas, TX 75219-6257United StatesFounded in 1955



Phone: 214-252-4000

Fax: 214-252-4098

www.plainscapital.com







Key Executives for PlainsCapital Bank




Mr. Jerry L. Schaffner


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Brian Heflin


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Robert Gossett


      	President of Dallas-Frisco and Advisory Director
      








Mr. Paul Parkinson


      	President of Dallas-North Dallas
      








Mr. George Sell


      	President -Amarillo
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

PlainsCapital Bank Key Developments

PlainsCapital Bank Seeks Acquisitions
Apr 7 17
PlainsCapital Bank is actively looking to complete an acquisition, which could be greater than $3 billion, to expand its Houston footprint. Alan White, chairman of PlainsCapital Bank hinted April 6, 2017 at the bank's plans for a local acquisition during a ribbon cutting ceremony for the bank's new Houston headquarters at Kirby Grove. Alan said, "We're out beating the streets. PlainsCapital wants the acquisition to be "as big as we can get it. (We have) a war chest, and we want to use it." That could be in the range of at least $3 billion, he added, saying the bank has about $500 million in excess capital to work with. 


PlainsCapital Bank Announces Earnings Results for the Third Quarter of 2016
Oct 27 16
PlainsCapital Bank announced earnings results for the third quarter of 2016. For the period, the company reported net interest income of $90,549,000 against $105,758,000 a year ago. Income before income taxes was $37,545,000 against $53,560,000 a year ago. ROAA was 1.09% against 1.64% a year ago.


PlainsCapital Bank Names Chase Ballinger as Vice President and Commercial Loan Officer
Sep 12 16
PlainsCapital Bank has named Chase Ballinger as vice president and commercial loan officer. In his role, Ballinger would be responsible for developing commercial relationships, including loans and business accounts. He has more than six years of banking and commercial lending experience in the Lubbock market.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1854 Bancorp United States 1889 Bancorp MHC United States 1st Financial Bank USA United States 1st Manatee Bank United States 1st National Bank United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PlainsCapital Bank, please visit www.plainscapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Plainscapital Bank                                                                                                       - Lubbock                                           , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Lubbock



National Commercial Banks



National Commercial Banks



                            Plainscapital Bank
                                    



 





















P 


Plainscapital Bank                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3615 19TH ST LUBBOCK, TX 79410
Get Directions



(806) 788-1234
www.plainscapital.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 4
 Industries National Commercial Banks
 Contacts Georgette Kinder                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Plainscapital Bank                                                                                                       specializes in National Commercial Banks. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Plainscapital Bank Locations, Phone Numbers & Hours

























































































B+
MyBankTracker Rating



Plainscapital Bank Locations in Your Area
Plainscapital Bank has 64 branches in their region. This traditional brick and mortar bank is a growing regional bank that can provide for many more customers, and most likely has ATM locations.







Search



We found  bank branches & ATMs within  miles of . Here are the nearest locations:



Show All


Branches


ATMs














We found  bank branches & ATMs within  miles of . Here are the nearest locations:

















*ATM Fee May Apply















                  We could not find 

Make sure your search is spelled correctly.
Try adding a city, state, or zip code.






Learn more about Plainscapital Bank

          Plainscapital Bank was established September 1955. That's more than 50 years ago! It holds assets of 8.99 billion US dollars. That makes it a regional bank that most likely covers their local population well. A point to consider when choosing a bank is it's health. This bank appears to be healthy. It has a texas ratio of 12%. Lower is better!
        
Looking for an alternative to Plainscapital Bank?

          If you're looking for higher interest rates and lower fees, but are willing to give up the "walk-in" experience of a local
          branch, you may want to browse our curated selection of best online banks.
        







Plainscapital Bank Branches Customer Reviews

There are no reviews of Plainscapital Bank. Help the community by being the first one to review Plainscapital Bank.

Post a Customer Review







Find Best Banks




Online Banks






National Banks






Regional Banks






Credit Unions






Mobile Banks









































Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the savings offers and credit cards appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts and credit cards available. Credit score ranges are provided as guidelines only and approval is not guaranteed.

Editorial Disclosure: This content is not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Opinions expressed here are author’s alone, not those of the bank advertiser, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. This site may be compensated through the bank advertiser Affiliate Program.

User Generated Content Disclosure: These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered.
About Us, Contact, Terms, Privacy, Advertise













About Us


Contact


Terms


Privacy


Advertise


Open Data


News













© 2017 MyBankTracker





















PlainsCapital Bank: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















plainscapital bank
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Banking
Sub-Industry: Banks
PlainsCapital Bank offers general banking services. The Bank provides personal banking, commerce banking, private banking, and wealth management. PlainsCapital primarily serves the private sector specializing in middle market commercial businesses and high net worth individuals in the State of Texas.




Corporate Information
Address:

2323 Victory Avenue
Suite 1400
Dallas, TX 75219-7695
United States


Phone:
1-806-762-83992


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.plainscapital.com





Board Members




Chairman:Dallas Region
Company


George McCleskey
Plainscapital Bank








Chairman:West Texas Region
Company


John Owens
Plainscapital Bank








President/CEO
Company


Jerry Schaffner
Plainscapital Bank








Chairman:South Texas
Company


Paul Holubec
Plainscapital Bank








Chief Operating Officer
Company


Brian Heflin
Plainscapital Bank








Advisory Director
Company


Cynthia Easley
Plainscapital Bank


J Smith
Plainscapital Bank








Vice Chairmain:West Texas
Company


Les Eubank
Plainscapital Bank








Board Members
Company




John Martin
Hilltop Holdings Inc




James Huffines
Plainscapital Corp




Roseanna McGill
Primelending A Plainscapital Co
















David Medanich
First Southwest Asset Management LLC


Todd Salmans
Primelending A Plainscapital Co










Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Jerry Schaffner


President/CEO




Brian Heflin


Chief Operating Officer




De'Van Watts


Exec Vice President




Adam Chong


Senior VP/Chief Loan Officer




Lori Zamora


Senior Vice President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Terms and Conditions - PlainsCapital Bank






 

























Mobile Menu





























Terms and Conditions




 




Terms and Conditions of Use

Welcome to the PlainsCapital Bank website. PlainsCapital Bank and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“PlainsCapital”) provide access to the products and materials (“Content”) contained in this website (this “Site”) as a service to our customers and visitors, subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use (these “Terms”). Please read these Terms carefully. PlainsCapital reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time without notice, but the most current version of the Terms will always be available to you by clicking on the link at the bottom of this Site. By accessing this Site and any of its pages, you indicate your acknowledgement and acceptance of these Terms, and any amendments of these Terms set forth below without limitation or qualification. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not authorized to use this Site or Content, and you should immediately discontinue any use of this Site or the Content.
Use of Site
You agree and understand that successful use of this Site will require access to the Internet, using compatible hardware, software and web browser, for which you are solely responsible for any associated fees for Internet access. You should use anti-virus software when accessing this Site. PlainsCapital is not responsible or liable for any computer virus or related problems that may be associated with your use of this Site or any of the Content. You are responsible for protecting the security of any passwords you use in connection with this Site and the security and integrity of any information you download from our Site. Use of this Site and its Content is at the user’s sole risk and is the user’s responsibility to verify any information before action is taken on it.
Copyright, Restrictions on Use, Trademarks
This Site is owned and maintained by PlainsCapital and is protected by U.S. copyright laws. The copyrighted materials on this Site include, but are not limited to, the audio, buttons, design, graphics, images, other icons, page headers, photographs, screens, software, sound recording, source code, text, web pages and the Content on this Site.
You are authorized to view the information available on this Site for your informational purposes only. You may download copyrighted materials for your personal or internal business purposes only. You may not alter, broadcast, commercially exploit, copy, display, distribute, download, frame, license, link to, reproduce, retransmit, sell, transfer, create derivative works of or republish all or any portion of this Site, in any form, for any commercial or public purposes without PlainsCapital’s prior written consent.
PlainsCapital Bank name and logos are federally registered trademarks owned by PlainsCapital. You may not use any of the PlainsCapital trademarks as a link to this Site except pursuant to a written trademark license agreement. Additionally, PlainsCapital retains all rights therein to our names and logos, service names, design marks and slogans as property of PlainsCapital and may not be copied, downloaded, or modified without PlainsCapital’s prior written consent.
Limitation of Liabilities; No Warranties
Information on this Site is provided “as is” without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied, as including but not limited to the accuracy, completeness, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, quality, timeliness, and title on this Site. Use of this Site and its Content is at the user’s sole risk and is the user’s responsibility to verify any information before action is taken on it.
PlainsCapital will not be liable to you or any third party for any harms, injuries or claims, which lawyers and courts often call direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), strict liability or otherwise, resulting from (i) the use of or the inability to use this Site, (ii) the cost of obtaining substitute goods and services resulting from any products, data, information or services purchased or obtained, or messages received, or transactions entered into, through or from this Site, (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, (iv) statements or conduct of any other person using or accessing our site, (v) any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, and/or (vi) any other matter relating to this Site or your use thereof.
Marketing
By using this Site, you agree that we may market our services and the services of other companies on this Site through the use of banner ads, “hyper-links”, and other similar marketing devices.
Internet Advertising
PlainsCapital will comply with the provisions expressed under the Federal Trade Commission Act by ensuring that all Site:

Advertisements are truthful and non-deceptive;
Advertisements are substantiated; and
Advertisements are not considered unfair.

Comparative Advertising
When used, comparative advertising will be presented in a truthful manner.
Credit Advertising
To comply with the Truth in Lending Act and other federal and state laws, ads for consumer credit will include certain disclosures about the terms and conditions of credit. These laws specifically require the disclosures to be “clear and conspicuous” so that reasonable consumers can read and understand the information.
Disclaimer or Disclosure Prominence
When the disclosure of qualifying information is necessary to prevent an ad from being deceptive, the information will be presented clearly and conspicuously so that consumers can actually notice and understand it.
Links to Other Websites
PlainsCapital may, from time to time, provide a link to a third party website, but such a link is not an affiliation, authorization, endorsement, or sponsorship by PlainsCapital with respect to such website, its owners or its providers. PlainsCapital is providing these links only as a convenience to you. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. In no event will PlainsCapital be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of any hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
This Site may contain links to websites controlled or offered by third parties (non-affiliates of PlainsCapital). PlainsCapital hereby disclaims liability for any other company’s website content, products, privacy policies, or security. In the event you choose to use the services available at a linked website, you agree to read and adhere to the policies and terms of use applicable to that website. In addition, any advice, opinions, or recommendations provided by the linked website providers are those of the providers and not of PlainsCapital. Your participation in any linked website is based solely on the agreement, if any, between you and the linked website provider.
You agree that we may display advertisements and promotions of all kinds on this Site, and you agree not to disable any technology required or utilized to serve or display such advertising.
No website linking to this Site may frame or border this Site with the content of the linking website visible in the same window without PlainsCapital’s express written permission.
Privacy
We believe that protecting your privacy is an integral part of the customer service we provide to you. We understand the need to safeguard your information and records from unauthorized use and disclosures. Although Federal law requires us to tell you how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information, it also limits how we can use your personal information. Please see the PlainsCapital Privacy Policy on this Site for more information.
Feedback
Any comments or materials sent to PlainsCapital, including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions or the like regarding the content of any such documents (collectively “Feedback”), shall be deemed to be the property of PlainsCapital. PlainsCapital’s use of the Feedback will be in compliance with the PlainsCapital Privacy Policy and all applicable laws. PlainsCapital shall have no additional obligations with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation. Further, PlainsCapital shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.
PlainsCapital cannot guarantee security of information transmitted over the Internet. Therefore, PlainsCapital suggests that you do not communicate confidential and private information over the Internet. Any information, feedback, questions, concepts, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like which you send to us by or through our Site, or at any email address we have provided at our Site, will be treated as being non-confidential and nonproprietary as to you and we will be free to use the same or any information contained therein for any purpose whatsoever without paying any compensation to you, and the same shall be deemed our property upon receipt. Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting the responsibilities and obligations as set forth in the PlainsCapital Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that we may monitor and keep a record of your use of our Site.
Notice to Investors
PLAINSCAPITAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR THE COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN WITH RESPECT TO THE SHARE PRICE OF PLAINSCAPITAL AND OTHER INVESTMENT-RELATED INFORMATION THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE BY HYPERLINK OR OTHERWISE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PLAINSCAPITAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES CAUSED BY RELIANCE ON THIS INFORMATION OR FOR THE RISKS OF THE STOCK MARKET.
Forward-Looking Statements
Information or statements provided by PlainsCapital from time to time at this Site or otherwise may contain certain “forward-looking statements”. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about PlainsCapital’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information relating to growth in earnings per share, returns on equity, growth in managed loans outstanding and customer accounts, net interest margins, funding costs, operations costs and employment growth, marketing expense, delinquencies and charge-offs, and other future events.
Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, goal, target, forecast, project, continue or similar expressions and may involve certain risks or uncertainties and are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained herein or referred to within this Site. These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Act) and with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the safe harbor provisions of the Act for any such forward-looking information.
Violations of These Terms
PlainsCapital reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to this Site.
You agree not to use our Site for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, harassing, libelous (untrue and damaging to others), invasive of another’s privacy, abusive, threatening, or obscene, or that infringes the rights of others. You also agree that your use of our Site is personal to you and that you will not resell or assign use of our Site or make any unauthorized commercial use of our Site.
Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law you agree to indemnify, protect and fully compensate PlainsCapital and our service providers and licensors from any and all third party claims, liability, damages, expenses and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) caused by or arising from your use of this site, your violation of these terms or your infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Other Agreements
Different products, features and services available at or through this Site, and/or different pages or sections of this Site, may be subject to separate terms and conditions in addition to these Terms. In the event of a conflict, such separate terms and conditions will govern and control with respect to the corresponding product, feature, service, page or section. These Terms are not intended to affect or amend any agreement or contract between you and any PlainsCapital affiliate and/or subsidiary for the provision of a particular financial product or service, and our relationship with you as to such particular financial product or service shall be governed by the written terms of the agreement or contract contemplating such financial products or service. If you should link to or access a separate website maintained by any of the PlainsCapital affiliates and/or subsidiaries, you should review and will be subject to any terms and conditions applicable to the use of that particular website.
Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the current, sole and entire agreement between you and PlainsCapital with respect to the use of this Site, and any and all prior “Terms of Use” with respect to the use of this Site are superseded by these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that no practice or course of dealing between you and any PlainsCapital company, nor any oral representations by any PlainsCapital representative, which vary these Terms shall constitute a modification or amendment of these Terms. No failure by PlainsCapital to exercise, and no delay by PlainsCapital in exercising, any right or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof. If any provision of these Terms or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed automatically reformed to the extent, and only to the extent necessary to render it valid and enforceable under applicable law; however, if such reformation of the provision is not reasonably possible, the provision shall be deemed severed from these Terms with respect to the person or circumstances as to which such provision shall be invalid or unenforceable, and the remainder of these Terms continue in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its conflicts of laws’ provisions or your actual state or country of residence, and applicable federal law and regulations. For purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of these Terms, you expressly submit to the jurisdiction of all federal and state courts located in the State of Texas, and agree that PlainsCapital, in its discretion, may require that Dallas, Texas be the venue for any legal proceedings arising out of or related to these Terms. You waive and agree not to assert in any action, suit or proceeding that you are not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts, that the action, suit or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that venue of the action, suit or proceeding is improper. In the event that you should have any claim or cause of action against PlainsCapital arising out of your use of this Site, you agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, such claim or cause of action must be initiated or filed in a court of competent jurisdiction within one (1) year after accruing or be forever barred.
Questions
Please visit our Contact Us page to find email, phone and mail contact information.









































Plains Capital Bank's Reviews, Salaries, Interviews & Resumes | LiveCareer


























 


  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations 







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  






















 LiveCareer 
 Company 
Plains Capital Bank 

















Search


















Plains Capital Bank














Overview



 Reviews
                                



 Interviews
                                



 Compensation
                                



 Benefits
                                


23 Resumes


Is This your Company?














Plains Capital Bank Overview



Website:

N/A

Locations:


                                                             Lubbock, TX 

                                                
& 5 other cities



Employees:
268




Founded:
N/A
President:
John Owens
Industry:

National Commercial Banks
& 1 other industry



Revenue:
$90,176,840





                                            National commercial banks company Plains Capital Bank's headquarters are located at Lubbock, TX. It has an annual revenue of $90.2 million and employs 268 people. With its specialized appeal, Plains Capital Bank has gained quite a popularity within the industry. John Owens currently presides as President of the company.
                                        









What’s your overall rating for Plains Capital Bank?
Skip question 









All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



Thank you! Please, type the name of that employer.




Got it! 

Now tell us more about your employer

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous

You have already provided some feedback on this company! 



Are you a current or former employee?
Skip question 



 Current
                

 Former
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Would you recommend Plains Capital Bank to a friend?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How difficult was the interview at Plains Capital Bank?
Skip question 


Easy
Hard

5.0
 4.0
 3.0 
2.0 
1.0 

Hard
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Did you get an offer?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




What's your base salary?
Skip question 



$0-$29,999
$30,000-$37,999
$38,000-$49,999
$50,000-$67,999
$68,000+

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How do you rate the benefits at Plains Capital Bank?
Skip question 











All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



GO TO FULL REVIEW



GO TO FULL REVIEW
Go to Company Overview




Your review is looking great!
Want to share more of your experience?

General Review

The Interview Process

Your Compensation

your Benefits


GO TO FULL REVIEW




Thanks for providing information about your experience with Plains Capital Bank








Add a New Company

Please fill out the information below about the company



Company Name



Company's Website



Business Address



Business Address (Optional)





State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






City





Zip







                                        You agree to the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
                                    




SUBMIT
Cancel









 



Build your resume today for FREE
Build your resume today












23 Resumes featuring Plains Capital Bank 
See All Resumes



100 %
Resume Score


XXXX XXXX
 Plains Capital Bank Administrative Assistants




90 %
Resume Score


XXXX XXXX
 Plains Capital Bank Tellers and Customer Service




80 %
Resume Score


XXXX XXXX
 Plains Capital Bank Data Entry and Word Processing



+ See All Resumes




Plains Capital Bank Employee Statistics




School/University


Top Degrees


Also Worked at


Time at Plains Capital Bank

























                                                A wide variety of alma maters are represented by Plains Capital Bank employees, but among the most common are Lubbock High School, South Plains College, and Wayland Baptist University.
                                            

                                                Based on trends in employee education at Plains Capital Bank, there's plenty to be said about the company's intellectual environment. In terms of educational background among employees at Plains Capital Bank, the most common is high school graduate (54.65% of workers). Among Plains Capital Bank employees, about 3.49% hold a Bachelor of Arts degree while 2.33% have a Bachelor of Science.
                                            

                                                Candidates applying to Plains Capital Bank have also shown interest in Plains Capital Bank.
                                            



























Plains Capital Bank Top Locations











Popular Job Titles at Plains Capital Bank














Build your resume for FREE and get the job you've always wanted.
Build your resume today









Upload your logo.












Drop image here or click to  browse
(Acceptable file types include JPEG, PNG and Size should be less than 50KB)



File size 
Type 
Image dimension 



Uploading…
Error! . Try again!























Sign in to your Account


Email Address



Password



Log In


Stay signed in
                                        




Log In
Log In





Forgot password?

                                Don’t have an account? Sign up













Create a LiveCareer account


First Name



Last Name



Email Address



Password



Sign up





Already have an account?















Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  











