Planet Payment: Near-Term Re-IPO Likely A Catalyst For A Higher Stock Price - Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Planet Payment: Near-Term Re-IPO Likely A Catalyst For A Higher Stock PriceJun.25.12 | About: Planet Payment, (PLPM) Prescience Investment Group Planet Payment, Inc. (PLPM, "Planet" or "the company") is a defensible, emerging growth company whose dynamic currency conversion technology is being rapidly adopted by some of the largest payment processors and acquiring banks in the world. We believe the current stock price of $4.30 per share undervalues the company and that Planet's impending re-IPO on the NASDAQ will serve as a catalyst to unlock value from current trading levels.
We believe the company has an intrinsic worth of $8 per share.
This article summarizes key points that we have put together in a 30 page research report available here (.pdf).
Investment highlights include:
PLPM is benefitting from powerful industry tailwinds:

Increasing shift from cash and check use to electronic payments
Visa (NYSE:V) and MasterCard's (NYSE:MA) filings show cross-border payment volumes are growing rapidly with international commerce
Increasing penetration of eCommerce sales on a global scale

Technology rapidly being adopted and is hard to replicate; likely acquisition target in a quickly consolidating industry:

After >$80mm of invested capital, Planet's unique, outsourced technology platform is winning the business of some of the largest payment processors and acquiring banks in the w­­­­­­orld, including Global Payments (NYSE:GPN), Vantiv (NYSE:VNTV) and Barclays (NYSE:BCS).
Its platform is built on a unified architecture with a centralized database as opposed to the processing platforms of some of its primary Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC) competitors that use a regionalized architecture and database.
Patented, real-time per-transaction exchange rate calculations allow merchants to set rates on a per-transaction basis and enable enhanced data mining and reporting. Competitors do not have this capability and rely on treasury trading, settling transactions on a delayed basis and making it more difficult to scale.
Planet is a fast-growing, high-margin business with an attractive, sticky customer base and a multi-currency processing platform as the key growth driver. This gives it scarcity value in an industry characterized by accelerating M&A activity; we speculate the company will be an attractive acquisition target for any major processor.


Network effects provide room for meaningful operating leverage and financial earnings power:

Network effects increase the value of its platform as more merchants and consumers participate. Active merchants employing Planet's platform increased by 67% in 2011
Recurring revenue model; customers sign contracts typically for 3 - 5 years and the company earns a fee every time a purchase is made
Fixed investment of the platform yields significant operating leverage; in 2011 revenues increased by 37%, but EBITDA and free cash flow surged by 226% and 570%, respectively

Numerous growth opportunities lie ahead for the company

Increase wallet share with existing clients by identifying product and solution cross-selling opportunities
Untapped market opportunity in fast growing Latin America
New distribution of the company's Pay In Your Currency solution with Vantiv to address the ATM market
Social commerce solution to integrate the company's IPAY gateway with VendorShop's Facebook shopping cart application

Highly Incentivized Management to Create Long-Term Value:

Founders and insiders own 12% of the company
Long-term equity incentive structure rewards management for achieving a 5 year plan geared towards a $1 billion valuation

Near-term IPO a potential catalyst to unlock value from current levels:

The company is debt-free and rapidly growing cash flow
Strong institutional shareholders include Camden Partners, Kinderhook Partners, Fidelity and Blackrock
NASDAQ listing will significantly improve the stock's trading liquidity and increase the company's visibility among investors. Recent IPO of partner Vantiv has already appreciated 30%

Introduction
Planet Payment, Inc. is an emerging growth company that has reached the inflection point of profitability and has entered a self-funding, hyper-growth phase requiring little incremental capital expenditure. Its market valuation appears to reflect expectations for the typical lifecycle of a payment processor operating in a highly competitive environment, but Planet is far from a typical payment processor: We believe it is an infrastructure play on the mechanics of multi-currency payment processing and, after a decade and >$80 million of capital invested, one of the first companies to have laid the new foundation. It has only scratched the surface of a nascent and growing, multi-billion dollar global market opportunity in Dynamic Currency Conversion and has a clear runway for sustainable growth over the foreseeable future.

The company is positioned at the forefront of several overarching changes taking place in the market for international payment processing, including shifts from paper to electronic payments, increased international travel and commerce, and increased adoption of eCommerce. The company has numerous untapped opportunities that are likely to greatly expand its market potential. The most notable immediate opportunity is the rapidly growing Latin American market, where the company has initiated a market expansion and we believe is on the verge of announcing partnership opportunities.
The company's differentiated technological advantage is in its single, unified, currency-agnostic payment processing platform and is the reason Planet Payment has earned the business of some of the largest international banks and processors. The platform is built on a unified architecture with a centralized database as opposed to the processing platforms of some of its primary DCC competitors that use a regionalized architecture and database, allowing acquiring banks to support the growth of their international merchant customers without complication. Planet's client base currently includes more than 45 acquiring banks and processors spanning more than 18 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, North America, the Middle East, Africa and Europe, including established markets in China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Malaysia. In 2011 its base of active merchant locations grew more than 67%, by over 11,000, to almost 28,000 active locations.
As Planet's global profile increases and the value of its solutions are realized in new geographic markets, the company experiences network effects, driving accelerating adoption of its services and increasing the value of its platform. This creates significant barriers to entry and results in earnings leverage for shareholders given the recurring revenue features of its customer contracts and largely fixed operating expense of its platform. In 2011, Planet's revenue grew 37% to $41.9 million and EBITDA grew 226% to $5.9 million. Net Income was $2.4 million, versus a loss of $3.1 million in 2010.

We believe the company has a clear runway to continue to grow revenue at 30-40% per year over the next 3-5 years and that it has the potential to grow much faster. The current market price for Planet's equity far understates the company's long-term growth potential and presents a highly positively skewed risk-reward profile with little risk of permanent capital impairment over a multi-year horizon. We believe the equity has a fair value of $8 per share and that the exposure the company will receive in connection with its impending re-IPO will be a catalyst to unlock value from current trading levels.
Business Overview
Any international traveler is undoubtedly familiar with the experience of hastily performing mental calculations to determine what something will cost in their home currency. A US traveler in Japan, for example, may ask himself whether he should purchase an iPod for 15,800 yen. Even if he could estimate the payment amount in US dollars based on prevailing exchange rates, the final charge that would show on the credit card statement a month later would remain uncertain: The exchange rate eventually locked in would not be disclosed and the card-issuing bank would layer an international transaction fee of 2-5% onto the purchase. But if the iPod were priced in US dollars ($198.79) at the point-of-sale, the decision would be simplified.
Philip Beck, an international banking and corporate attorney by background, identified these and other issues inherent to the processing of multi-currency credit card transactions and in 1999 founded Planet Payment, Inc. to develop a solution. Planet's platform simplifies the purchase decision by allowing for the final price, inclusive of exchange rate used and transaction fees charged, to be displayed at the point-of-sale or online in a purchaser's home currency.
Planet Payment has grown into a leading provider of international payment processing and multi-currency processing services. It provides its services through more than 45 acquiring banks and processors to approximately 31,000 active merchant locations in 18 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, North America, the Middle East, Africa and Europe, primarily through acquiring bank and processor customers, as well as through its own direct sales force.

The company has built a proprietary, currency-neutral payment processing technology platform that serves as an outsourced, revenue-enhancing infrastructure that banks and processors subscribe to through long-term contracts. The platform is effectively a merchant-acquiring platform that operates seamlessly within the processing systems of Planet's acquirer and processor customers and the front-end point-of-sale terminals and gateways of their merchants.
Planet manages its business through two operating segments: multi-currency processing services and payment processing services. Its multi-currency processing services, which make up ~65% of sales, provide merchants the ability to offer international cardholders the optional convenience of paying for purchases in their own currency, whereby Visa or MasterCard credit card purchases are made in the merchant's local currency and converted after the card is presented (at the point of sale or online) into the cardholder's home currency. Its payment processing services, ~35% of sales, comprise end-to-end authorization, capture, clearing and settlement services to its customers along with localized language support and online access to advanced reconciliation, reporting and analytics services.
How Planet Makes Money
Planet's global, currency-neutral payment processing platform is offered to acquiring banks and processors on an outsourced basis, allowing them to provide multi-currency processing services to their merchant customers without large incremental investments in legacy systems. The company's extensive relationships with the world's leading point-of-sale providers allows merchants to offer multi-currency solutions through their preferred or existing systems.
Planet's platform delivers value across the payment card transaction cycle, incentivizing banks and processors to enter long-term relationships with the company in exchange for recurring revenue generated from fees charged every time a purchase is made across the company's network. Planet's business model creates powerful network effects, which drive growth and operating leverage in its business, while contracts, which generally have an initial term of three to five years, offer stability and enhanced visibility of financial performance.

In 2011, Planet produced 56% of its revenue internationally and 44% in the United States, and in the first three months of 2012 Planet produced 57% of its revenue internationally and 43% in the United States.
The company distributes and cross-sells its services across a variety of points of sale with customized solutions in specific verticals, such as hospitality, restaurants and retail.

The business categorizes its revenue in two streams - as derived from Multi-currency Processing Services (65% of revenue) and Payment Processing Services (35% of revenue).
Multi-Currency Processing Services:
Planet Payment's flagship offerings are its multi-currency processing services, including Pay in Your Currency (PYC) and Multi-Currency Pricing (MCP), which are offered by the company's acquirer partners to the acquirer's merchant base. They allow merchants to deliver a more personalized customer service, while enabling merchants to increase sales.
The company's Pay in Your Currency service, commonly known in the industry as Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC), identifies eligible foreign cards and provides consumers with the choice of paying for purchases or ATM withdrawals in their home currency based upon a conversion performed at the point-of-sale.
This provides certainty to the consumer, who would traditionally not find out the exact cost of their transaction until some future unspecified date when the card-issuing bank did the currency conversion at some undisclosed exchange rate and reported that cost on the credit card statement, often 20-30 days later. (In addition, transactions converted by the card-issuing bank often result in international transaction fees imposed on the cardholder, with the global average markup being between 2 and 5 percent.)

This explains why 70-90% of consumers who are given the option to pay in their home currency accept at the point-of-sale, and the acceptance percentage tends to increase sharply as a merchant's sales people gain confidence explaining the benefits of DCC to customers.
The company's Multi-Currency Pricing service is geared toward eCommerce merchants seeking to increase sales by attracting foreign customers. It allows them to set prices in multiple currencies while receiving payments in their own.
Topcreditcardprocessors.com ranked Planet Payment in the top 5 on their list of the best multi-currency processing companies that offer businesses the ability to accept payments in multiple currencies online.
Revenue from multi-currency processing is derived from foreign currency transaction fees earned on processing and converting card transactions from one currency into another currency. Foreign currency transaction fees earned under agreements with multi-currency processing services customers have traditionally been based on a fixed percentage applied to the net foreign currency margin earned, after deducting any merchant revenue and other contractual costs. Planet's average gross markup has been ~3.8%, of which Planet keeps 30-35% on average, leaving the remainder to be split between the acquiring bank and merchant.
The primary drivers of revenue are the number of active merchant locations, the opt-in rate at the consumer level (for Pay in Your Currency), and the average net transaction mark-up.
Payment Processing Services:
Planet's processing solution is delivered as a complete outsourced processing solution, providing all that is needed to support the processing of card transactions, including the following:
• Provides in-depth analysis of acquirer merchant portfolios' foreign transaction volumes to size the need for a multi-currency offering
• Patented, real-time per-transaction exchange rate calculations that allow merchants to set rates on a per-transaction basis, based upon a number of business rules (U.S Patent No. 7,660,768)

• Communication of exchange rate information to a merchant's point-of-sale to facilitate selection of currency
• Authorization and clearing of payment to the particular credit card association involved in the transaction
• Reporting and reconciliation of transactions to acquiring banks and merchants
• Multiple language support for acquirers and merchants
Planet's Integration in the Processing Chain:

As part of its processing services, Planet also offers acquiring bank and processor customers consolidated reporting and data analytics. It provides value as an information and content manager for businesses, which have traditionally been subject to complications in their information streams caused by expansion into foreign markets and the introduction of different reporting systems and languages. Its centralized reporting platform can provide transactional data in a uniform, consolidated online format across a merchant's international operations with the ability to focus on selected data according to a merchant's particular requirements, including the ability to segregate reporting by region, market and currency.
Revenue for processing services is derived either as a fixed fee per transaction or a percentage of transaction value.
iPay Gateway & Facebook Integration
In addition to enabling acquiring banks and processors to offer merchants multi-currency solutions under their own brands, Planet also generates revenue from its direct merchant solutions including the iPay Gateway, its online payment gateway. This service allows for the processing of credit card, purchase card, debit, and electronic check payments through both business-to-business and business-to-consumer platforms, as well as multi-currency processing. Revenue is derived as a percentage of transaction value and/or as a per-transaction fee.

In 2011, Planet integrated the iPay gateway with VendorShop's Facebook shopping cart application creating a social commerce solution that allows Facebook merchants to accept credit cards through any participating acquiring bank integrated into Planet's platform.
No-Brainer Value Proposition
Planet's suite of multi-currency processing and data management tools are designed to facilitate commerce and improve customer profitability. The company's multi-currency solutions drive incremental revenue for both acquiring banks (Planet's primary customers) and their merchants, while providing end consumers with a superior service offering and payment certainty. At the highest level, Planet's solutions shift the financial benefit and revenue earned on the processing of international transactions to the acquiring banks and merchants, from the historic beneficiaries, the card-issuing banks.

Acquiring banks - beneficiaries of Planet's Solutions
Planet's platform serves as an outsourced solution for acquiring banks that allows the provision of new, revenue-enhancing services without significant investment or modifications to existing systems.
Historically, acquiring banks have not shared in the revenue earned on the conversion of international credit card transactions; they would instead only collect fees on the general processing of merchant transactions in connection with the merchant's agreement with the acquirer. Offering Planet's multi-currency solutions provides acquiring banks a new revenue stream from collecting a share of the cross-currency margin earned on processing cross-border transactions. Accordingly, Planet's solutions provide the acquirer substantial incremental revenue and increase the profitability of the acquirer's general credit card processing operations. This incentivizes Planet's acquirer clients to sell their merchant bases on the benefits of adopting Planet's services, driving as rapid an uptake as possible and reducing the necessity for the company to build out a large sales force.

Further, Planet's solutions provide the acquirer with an expanded product offering that acts as a powerful competitive differentiator and merchant retention tool.
Merchants - beneficiaries of Planet's Solutions
The company's services also provide merchants with an additional profit center, increase customer satisfaction, and drive an increase in sales through price localization.
According to The Green Sheet, "To be able to see the value of transactions in home currencies makes DCC an enticement for foreigners to shop in businesses that offer DCC."
With PYC, the merchant also earns a share of the revenue from the cross-currency conversion.
Additionally, PYC eliminates the problem many customers experience due to currency fluctuations where the refund the cardholder receives is less than the original purchase price.
End Consumer - beneficiaries of Planet's Solutions
Planet Payment's DCC capability offers several benefits to cardholders. In addition to knowing that the amount they see on the payment page is the amount they will pay (i.e. no nasty surprises), the cardholders often receive a more competitive rate on foreign exchange than that provided by their credit card issuing bank. Generally, the cost attributable to DCC service is comparable to rates and fees that would have been paid had the card association and issuer performed the conversion. The consumer enjoys the convenience of paying for a purchase in his or her home currency at generally the same cost that would have been applied throughout the traditional process.
Also, since conversion is done at the point of purchase, cardholders are not subject to currency fluctuations which can occur over the period between the point of purchase and the conversion of the transaction by the cardholder's issuing bank.
Issuing Banks - losers in the process
Issuing banks are being cut out in the process from participating in the fee stream from cross-currency conversion. Because transactions are processed and received in the billing currency, they do not earn the international transaction fee otherwise charged when a transaction is converted through the traditional process. The issuing bank does continue to earn the interchange fee (the percentage of each transaction that is collected by the card associations and paid to the issuer).

Credit Card Association - neutral
Planet Payment's multi-currency processing solution is broadly revenue-neutral to the credit card associations (MasterCard, VISA, American Express, etc). They continue to earn cross border transaction fees charged to the issuers and acquirers on the processing of cross-border transactions.
As a matter of fact, the cross border transaction fees charged to acquirers, which are typically passed on to merchants, can provide a financial incentive for merchants to adopt Planet's solutions, as the revenue derived from participation serve to offset these costs.
Market Traction
Planet typically partners with acquiring banks and processors, which seamlessly integrate the company's solutions into their existing product offerings, which are in turn marketed to merchants under the brand of the bank or processor. Through this model, Planet is winning the business of leading international banks and processors, with >45 clients spanning more than 18 countries and territories.
Some of its leading customers amongst banks and processors across various markets include the following:

Planet also generates considerable revenue from its iPay payment gateway, which provides merchants with payment applications and sophisticated fraud and business management tools. It has attracted premier clients to adopting this service including the following:
• The Weather Channel
• Genzyme
• Nickelodeon Junior
• Stratfor
Benefitting from Strong Industry Tailwinds
Planet Payment is operating in the center of the largest growth areas in international payment processing - international eCommerce and multi-currency processing.
Continued Shift Toward Electronic Payment Transactions
The usage of electronic payments through credit and debit transactions has steadily taken market share from cash and checks in the past 20 years. According to The Nilson Report, a leading research provider for consumer payment information, it is estimated that credit and debit transactions may account for 75% of all transactions in the U.S. by 2015. From a global perspective, it's estimated that total card spending will reach nearly $22 trillion by 2015, with nearly 60% of the transactions occurring outside of the U.S. and Europe


Many Large Markets are Still Highly Underpenetrated and Growing
Not surprisingly, the largest growth opportunities for Planet Payment continue to lie in the emerging markets. According to The Nilson Report, in 2010 there were ~1.9 billion payment cards in circulation in the US, Canada and Europe; those regions had a total population of ~671 million, representing ~2.86 cards per person. In the Asia Pacific region, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, there was an average of only 0.81 cards per person.
Another way of looking at the size of the opportunity for increasing card payments is to analyze the card purchase volume as a percentage of GDP. For example, Brazil's card purchase volume as a percent of GDP is only 8%, whereas more developed economies are above 20%.


Planet Payment launched multi-currency processing services in Singapore, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, Brunei, the Philippines, the United Arab Emirates and South Africa in 2010, with the results yielding strong results in 2011. Approximately 26% of the multi-currency settled dollar volume processed in December 2011 was attributed to new merchants activated in 2011.

In March 2012, the company announced it had entered into a contract to provide processing support across its platform for China UnionPay credit and debit cards. China UnionPay is one of the world's largest card brands, with 2.8 billion cards issued worldwide. Chinese consumers were estimated to spend $55 billion overseas in 2011 and China UnionPay is one of the preferred payment options for Chinese travelers. It is expected this capability will be added to Planet's platform in the second quarter of 2012.
In October 2011, Planet announced an expansion into Latin America, the hiring of a regional Vice President /Managing Director, and the establishment of a subsidiary and headquarters in Mexico City. Planet Payment currently has no revenues in Latin America, the fastest growing emerging market in terms of card payments. The company has indicated that they are in discussions with a number of prospective customers in the region, and anticipate announcing a contractual agreement in the near future.
The opportunity ahead in Latin America is further illustrated below by the success of MercadoLibre's online payment service called MercadoPago, which is designed to facilitate transactions both on and off the MercadoLibre Marketplace by providing a mechanism that allows users to securely, easily and promptly send, receive and finance payments online.

Increased International Commerce
Visa reported that, for the 12 months ended March 31, 2012, cross-border payments and cash volume grew 15% year-over-year on a constant U.S. dollar basis. MasterCard reported that for the 3 months ended March 31, 2012, cross-border volume grew 18% period-over-period on a local currency basis.
Increased eCommerce on a Global Scale

With the rapid increase in the number of Internet buyers worldwide, competition among eCommerce merchants is growing and becoming more global, and merchants must focus their resources on attracting consumers to their websites and making the buying decision as convenient and easy as possible. Growth in Internet usage, and eCommerce in particular, has a direct link to increasing electronic payments.
The data compiled by the U.S. Census Bureau indicates a steady growth profile in eCommerce retail sales over the past decade, and now exceeds $50 billion per quarter. However, this still only represents a little more than 5% of all retail sales in the U.S. On a global basis, Euromonitor International estimates a 90% increase in eCommerce sales by 2014. Internet penetration in emerging economies is still remarkably low at under 40% of the total population for countries such as India, China and Brazil, but is growing at a rapid rate of 30% per annum.

Management Incentives Tied to Shareholder Value Creation
The company's executive compensation plan provides a strong linkage between long-term corporate performance and shareholder returns.
For example, on July 26, 2011, the company made a restricted stock grant of 915,000 shares of the company's common stock to the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to its 2006 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. The 915,000 shares vest in four separate tranches, each with a different long-term performance goal. The agreement provides that (1) upon a corporate transaction, certain unvested shares accelerate and become vested, and (2) upon Mr. Beck's involuntary termination, certain unvested shares shall remain outstanding and become vested only at such time as the performance goals applicable to such unvested shares are satisfied. The performance goals for each tranche are outlined below, and give an indication of where the company believes the valuation and share price potential is headed over the next 5 years. As part of the NASDAQ IPO the company has adopted a new 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and has reserved an additional 5.0 million shares.


Numerous Investment Highlights for Planet Payment
Scalable Recurring Revenue Business Model With Significant Operating Leverage
Planet Payment has a high-margin, recurring revenue model. Customers sign contracts typically for 3 - 5 years and the company earns a fee every time a purchase is made across its network. Once Planet breaks into a new geographic market, its acquiring bank customers take charge in selling its platform to merchants. In effect, once the company gets traction, it is order-taking rather than selling. Because of this, we believe Selling, General & Administrative expense will grow at 33-50% of the company's revenue growth rate, resulting in a growing percentage of revenue falling to the bottom line.
Due to the scalability of the company's technology platform, little is needed in incremental capital expenditure to support the company's growth. We believe the company can support its growth at over the foreseeable future with ~$2.5 million in annual capital expenditure, $1.5 million of which is dedicated toward new development and $1 million of which is maintenance spend.



Significant Network Effects to Drive Sustainable Top-Line Growth
Once Planet gets traction in a given geographic market, acquirers not offering their merchant bases its services begin losing market share and increasingly seek to establish partnerships with the company to provide its services. As Planet signs up new merchants and market penetration deepens, the company is able to demonstrate the benefits of its services to other merchants who may also want to implement its services.
Planet's business model benefits from powerful 'network effects': As the company acquires more active merchants and users, the value of its platform becomes more useful and valuable to all participants and prospects. These network effects appear to be at an early stage of development and are likely to be a material growth driver in the future.
Barriers to Entry and Scale
Creating a global payment platform requires significant domain knowledge and local expertise in each and every country and market. Planet Payment has invested heavily in the past 13 years to build a secure, robust, and scalable platform. The company has cemented strong relationships with the multiple parties required to successfully execute this business including acquiring banks, processors, and merchants. (See Appendix 4 for a more detailed list of partners.)
Differentiated Technology Advantage
Planet Payment has a differentiated technology platform. The company's advanced payment processing services provide an end-to-end solution for its customers. When a merchant wishes to accept a payment using a payment card, the company receives an authorization request from a merchant's point of sale. In real time, they submit that transaction to the card associations for authorization by the card issuer. Upon receipt of an authorization (or decline) they return the message to the merchant, which then completes the transaction with the cardholder. Currency transactions happen instantaneously under the company's patented rate mark-up technology. Other competitors do not have this capability, and rely on the treasury method, which pools transactions and settles them on a delayed basis and makes it more difficult to scale.

Significant Cross-Selling Opportunities
Planet Payment has untapped opportunities to cross-sell its innovative services to acquiring banks, processors, and merchants. Its range of services and solutions enable cross-selling opportunities that are intended to increase revenue from existing customers by helping them broaden their product sets with additional value-add services. Customers have the ability to leverage the company's unified global platform and enhanced services to improve operational efficiency. For example, an existing customer for Pay In Your Currency at the point of sale recently agreed to expand its use of the company's services to include Pay In Your Currency at ATMs, which is expected to launch in the second quarter of 2012. Cross-selling opportunities are still at a very early stage of penetration and represent a significant incremental margin opportunity because there are lower customer acquisition and integration expenses.
SWOT Analysis Summary
Below we provide a traditional "SWOT" analysis to outline the major strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats facing Planet Payment. On balance, we believe the company's strengths and opportunities outweigh its threats and weaknesses.

Attractive Capital Structure and Institutional Support
Planet Payment has an attractive capital structure with only 69 million fully diluted shares and no financial debt.

Planet Payment has strong institutional shareholder support and significant insider stock ownership.


Acquisition Candidate in a Rapidly Consolidating Industry
Planet Payment is a leading independent payment processor with a fast-growing, high margin, difficult to replicate multi-currency business as the key growth driver. This gives it some scarcity value in an industry characterized by accelerating M&A activity.
Strategic acquirors have shown the willingness to pay high multiples relative to revenue, EBITDA, and earnings for companies that have built their own processing platforms, possess unique technologies and have acquired attractive customer bases. This is because a differentiated payment processing platform is highly leverageable. We believe acquirors are not just paying for a stream of profits, but also a scalable technology platform to leverage larger transaction volumes and generate significantly more profits.
The table below lists transactions that have taken place in the industry over the past several years. We believe it is most instructive to focus our analysis on less mature, high margin targets that developed their own processing platforms and had unique, hard-to-replicate technologies (and to exclude from our analysis mature targets and those acting simply as merchant acquiring ISOs).
• In February 2008, Intuit bought Electronic Clearing House for $131 million, or ~25x LTM EBITDA of $5.3 million. ECHO owned its underlying processing technology. This wasn't the first time an eCommerce company linked up with a payment processor in hopes of growth; eBay purchased Paypal in 2002 (for 60x LTM EBITDA) and saw its profits rise by creating an end-to-end payment service for its customers. Intuit similarly expected to boost its revenue by collecting transaction fees every time someone makes a payment through its core software offering. Intuit announced that the deal provides Intuit with access to a valuable list of new customers, including large retail and hotel chains.

• In April 2010, Visa acquired Cybersource for $2 billion, or 31.5x LTM EBITDA of $63.5 million. Cybersource is a payment gateway for online merchants. The company owned a valuable processing platform with a deep list of big online merchants, including Home Depot and Google.
According to Visa, 
With CyberSource, we are adding a new suite of leading eCommerce capabilities and experience in addressing eCommerce merchant needs… Online commerce continues to grow rapidly, and this acquisition will enable Visa to offer new and enhanced services that will better meet the growing demand among merchants globally… The acquisition of CyberSource aligns with Visa's long-term strategic plan to identify and invest in opportunities today that will drive future growth…
• In August 2010, Mastercard acquired DataCash for $520 million, or 19.5x LTM EBITDA of $26 million. Datacash is an international provider of credit and debit card transaction processing and secure internet payments. Mastercard justified its purchase as follows: "eCommerce represents an important part of MasterCard's growth strategy, and this acquisition will allow us to provide new services to our acquiring customers, as well as drive increased eCommerce penetration in both existing and new markets. The acquisition of DataCash will expand our already significant eCommerce merchant gateway presence in Asia and Australia to European countries and other high-growth, emerging markets worldwide."

Strategic acquirors pay top dollar for payment processors whose unique technologies they can leverage and use to grow their revenue streams. They also place a high value on deep and extensive customer relationships through which they can cross-sell services.

Planet's solutions are creating change in its industry, shifting the balance of power from issuing banks to acquiring banks and processors and offering those institutions access to a piece of a very large potential profit stream.
We believe the company is positioning itself to be a part of a larger organization and that it will be an attractive acquisition candidate for many financial industry players in the next few years. A strategic acquiror would be buying a highly flexible multi-currency payment processing platform and an attractive customer roster of large eCommerce merchants and leading international banks and processors (and through them, large, international retail and hotel chains). As history would suggest, we believe this justifies valuation multiples at the upper end of the range for precedent transactions (>18x EV/EBITDA, 3x - 4x EV/Sales, and 25x - 35x Price/EPS).
Valuation and Price Target
We believe with a reasonable certainty that in light of the company's dominant competitive position and its growing market opportunity, that Planet can continue growing its top line at 30-40% per year for the next 3-5 years, and at a much higher rate in the upside scenario should the company land very large international acquirer accounts or successfully leverage its platform to expand into other areas of processing. If this takes place, we expect a return of 3-5x from current trading levels, and we believe the risks to our estimates are skewed toward the upside.
Based on various valuation methodologies, we believe Planet today has a fair value of $8 per share. Our valuation is based on earnings projections spanning the next 5 years. The company's stock price appears to undervalue the company's prospects and its impending IPO on the NASDAQ may serve as a catalyst to unlock value from the current stock price.
Comparable Companies Analysis
Given Planet's rapidly accelerating profitability, it is difficult to justify the use of mature sector peers as a relative valuation tool. However, below we have included for reference an analysis of publicly traded companies in the financial transactions and processing sectors. Valuations range from 16x -20x forward P/E, 9x - 12x EV/EBITDA, and 12x -20x EV/Cash from operations. Planet appears rich based on these metrics.


But the company's unique position as a multi-currency processor with related data analytics and gateway operations makes a direct comparison with sector peers inadequate.
The following charts illustrate why investors appear to be placing a premium valuation on near term earnings. The company's revenue and growth rates are the highest in the industry, and it has an unlevered balance sheet and a return on invested capital comparable with its peers but set to surpass the average over the near term.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis (DCF)
Using a traditional DCF analysis, we arrive at our share price target of $8.00 by projecting unlevered free cash flows, and applying an 11x - 13x terminal multiple to 2016 EBITDA based on the comparable companies and precedent transaction analyses. Our base case weighted average cost of capital (WACC) assumption is 9.5%. Given Planet Payment's current share price of $4.30, we believe the stock is undervalued today and has significant room to appreciate as the company grows in the coming years.




Near-Term IPO a Potential Catalyst for Stock Price
In May 2012, the company filed an amended S-1 offering document to register shares for a listing on the NASDAQ. At the current time, it appears the offering will be $75 million in size, but it is still unclear what percentage of the offering will be newly issued shares vs. shares being sold from existing investors.
JP Morgan, William Blair & Company, and Jefferies are listed as the leads of an 8-bank underwriting syndicate for the offering. Several banks of this group are likely to follow the offering with research coverage of the company. The NASDAQ listing will provide greater liquidity for shareholders vs. the existing OTCQX listing, and help to raise the visibility and profile of the company to new investors, potentially serving as a powerful catalyst to unlock value from current trading levels.
Conclusion
Planet Payment has built a defensible business that is at the forefront of a nascent, rapidly growing segment of the payment processing industry. It has developed a unique processing technology platform that allows its customers to add a profit stream to their existing operations and as a result, is deepening relationships with its client base of leading international banks and processors and rapidly attracting new, sticky business. These qualities make Planet an attractive acquisition target in a rapidly consolidating industry.
We believe the company has a clear runway to continue growing revenue at 30-40% per annum over the next 5 years and that operating leverage will allow it to grow free cash flow at a much higher rate. Based on our analysis, the equity has a fair value of $8 per share, representing little risk of permanent capital impairment over a multi-year horizon from current trading levels. Its near-term IPO and resultant exposure is likely to serve as a catalyst to drive the equity toward our fair value estimate.

Disclosure: I am long PLPM.
Additional disclosure: Please read the full legal disclaimer at the end of our 30 page report linked to in the introductory section.About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Technology, Diversified Computer Systems, CFA charter-holders, Editors' PicksWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Prescience Investment Group and get email alerts










Articles by CFA charter-holders | Seeking Alpha














Sign in / Join NowGO»




Articles by CFA Charterholders















MACRO VIEW





The Temptation To Do Something

Benjamin Lavine, CFA
•IVV, MTUM, SVXY
•
                Yesterday, 5:37 PM                





Making The Sale

Eric Parnell, CFA
•IVV, SPY, XLB
•
                Yesterday, 12:07 PM                





Redacted Version Of The July 2017 FOMC Statement

David Merkel, CFA
•TBT, TLT, TMV
•
                Yesterday, 3:25 AM                





The Geekiest (And Most Important) Number Nobody Is Discussing

Russ Koesterich, CFA
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





The Sky Is Falling

Eric Parnell, CFA
•BIL, DIA, EMB
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





Flying Below The Radar

Eric Parnell, CFA
•AGG, DIA, GLD
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                










INVESTING IDEAS





Dorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time Soon

Shahid Manzoor, CFA
•DIIBF
•
                Yesterday, 2:11 PM                





American Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer Value

Richard Greulich Jr., CFA
•AMS
•
                Tue, Jul. 25                





AMD's Post-Earnings Target Prices

Kwan-Chen Ma
•AMD
•
                Mon, Jul. 24                





Tesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or Expect

FundamentalSpeculation.IO
•TSLA
•
                Mon, Jul. 24                





PRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale Bock

SA PRO Editors
•DVA, CSUWF, FH
•
                Sun, Jul. 23                





AMD, Nvidia, Intel: A Trio Valuation

Kwan-Chen Ma
•AMD, INTC, NVDA
•
                Thu, Jul. 20                










ETF PORTFOLIO STRATEGY





Announcement: The Formal Launch Of 'Valuation 360' - Exclusive Research From Jason Phillips, CFA

Jason Phillips, CFA
•F, TNP, CBI
•
                Yesterday, 3:54 PM                





A Lesson On Black-Box Investing: Kurt Lindner And The Lindner Dividend Fund

Kendall J. Anderson, CFA
•
                Yesterday, 6:44 AM                





Now Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & Johnson

Peter F. Way, CFA
•JNJ
•
                Yesterday, 5:59 AM                





The Two Words Every Investor Should Remember

Eric Parnell, CFA
•DIA, IVV, IWD
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





3 Ways ETFs Have Revolutionized The Bond Market

Matt Tucker, CFA
•AGG, BND, PTY
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





Biotech Bonanza: The Next Leg Up

Tarun Chandra, CFA
•ABBV, AERI, AKBA
•
                Tue, Jul. 25                










DIVIDENDS & INCOME





Future Energy Prices: The Big Picture - Part II

Mark Bern, CFA
•VLO
•
                Fri, Jul. 21                





Genuine Parts: Stronger U.S. Industrial Production Boosting Operations Of This Dividend Aristocrat

Clumsy Rick, CFA
•AAP, AZO, ORLY
•
                Sat, Jul. 15                





Future Of Energy: The Big Picture - Part I

Mark Bern, CFA
•SPY, TSLA, XLE
•
                Thu, Jul. 13                





Walgreens Earnings Redux: Are More Stores The Long-Term Answer?

Brian Gilmartin, CFA
•WBA
•
                Mon, Jul. 3                





Popolare Di Vicenza, Veneto And Bailouts: The Ghost Of Lehman Brothers Hangs Over Europe

Imad Barake, CFA
•EWI, HEWI, DBIT
•
                Thu, Jun. 29                





Stocks Whose Prices Are Fleet Of Foot - And Comforting

Peter F. Way, CFA
•BURL, CTAS, FINL
•
                Wed, Jun. 28                










OTHER ARTICLES OF INTEREST





Businesses Risk Lawsuits For False Brand Supply Chain Claims, EU Rules

Gabriel Thoumi, CFA
•AHODF
•
                Yesterday, 3:58 PM                





Is Low-Single-Digit Revenue Growth The Best Goldman Sachs Can Do?

Brian Gilmartin, CFA
•GS
•
                Yesterday, 10:36 AM                





It's Not Just Amazon's Fault

Vitaliy Katsenelson, CFA
•XLY, XRT, VCR
•
                Yesterday, 6:18 AM                





Facebook Post-Earnings Target Prices

Kwan-Chen Ma
•FB
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





Will Turbulence In Mexico Mean A Bumpy Ride For OMA?

Stephen Simpson, CFA
•AEOXF, ASR, PAC
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                





Facebook Earnings Preview: Expectations Too High Headed Into Earnings?

Brian Gilmartin, CFA
•FB
•
                Wed, Jul. 26                













































Planet Payment Inc: NASDAQ:PLPM quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinancePlanet Payment Inc(NASDAQ:PLPM)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Planet Payment Inc  (Public, NASDAQ:PLPM)  
Watch this stock
 




















3.34


-0.16
(-4.57%)



After Hours: 3.34
0.00
(0.00%)
Jul 27, 4:58PM EDT  
NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD








Range

3.32 - 3.50



52 week

2.75 - 4.84



Open

3.50



Vol / Avg.

0.00/220,927.00



Mkt cap

166.18M



P/E

7.47



Div/yield

    -



EPS

0.45



Shares

49.75M



Beta

0.66



Inst. own

70%





































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Planet Payment Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add PLPM to my calendars





Aug 1, 2017
Q2 2017 Planet Payment Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)
- 4:00PM EDT -






Jun 14, 2017
Planet Payment Inc Annual Shareholders Meeting (Estimated)



Jun 13, 2017
Planet Payment Inc Annual Shareholders Meeting



May 11, 2017
Planet Payment Inc at Barrington Research Spring Investment Conference



May 9, 2017
Q1 2017 Planet Payment Inc Earnings Call -






May 9, 2017
Q1 2017 Planet Payment Inc Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
11.14%
46.14%

Operating margin
16.25%
18.07%

EBITD margin
-
23.89%

Return on average assets
9.46%
48.64%

Return on average equity
13.81%
68.48%

Employees
163
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
670 Long Beach BlvdLONG BEACH, NY 11561-2237United States
- Map+1-516-6703200 (Phone)+1-516-6703520 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.planetpayment.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Industrials > Industry: Transaction & Payment Services

More from FactSet »










Description




Planet Payment, Inc. is a provider of international payment and transaction processing and multi-currency processing services. The Company operates through two segments: multi-currency processing services and payment processing services. Its multi-currency processing services segment includes Pay In Your Currency, Multi-Currency Pricing and Dynamic Currency Conversion at automated teller machines, enable merchants to offer customized pricing in multiple currencies. Its payment processing services consist of end-to-end authorization, capture, clearing and settlement services to its customers along with localized language support and online access to reconciliation, reporting and analytics services. It provides its services to approximately 118,000 active merchant locations in over 20 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and Europe, primarily through its acquiring bank and processor customers.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Carl Joseph Williams

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer





Age: 63

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Robert J. Cox III, CPA

President, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer





Age: 49

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Raymond D'Aponte

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer






Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Keith W. Flaherty

Executive Vice President of Operations and Delivery





Age: 47

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Alan M. Lubitz

Senior Vice President - Product Development, Chief Technology Officer





Age: 63

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jason A. Taylor

Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Security, Network and Infrastructure





Age: 43

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Charles J Giglia

Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer





Age: 62

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Shane H. Kim

Lead Non-Executive Independent Director





Age: 37

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jonathan Kaiden

Non-Executive Independent Director






Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Cameron R. M. McColl

Non-Executive Independent Director





Age: 55

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

Our Best Investing Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Our Best Investing IdeasCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•1 CommentDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFANexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•2 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•4 CommentsInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•10 CommentsGazprom: Russia's Corporate DiamondEditors' Pick • OGZPY• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:04 PM • Dennis Viliardos•13 CommentsAfter 2 Years In The Doghouse, Box Is Poised To Break Past Its $20 IPO HurdleEditors' Pick • BOX• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:53 PM • Gary Alexander•4 CommentsZion Oil & Gas - Drilling Dry Holes Til $0; Will Bankruptcy Court Or Extreme Dilution Get Them There First?Editors' Pick • ZN• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:30 AM • Fuzzy Panda Shorts•25 CommentsTT Electronics: A Case Study Of Management TurnaroundEditors' Pick • TTGPF• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:43 AM • Simeon RusanovIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•7 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•39 CommentsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•58 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•9 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•4 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•14 CommentsQEP Resources: Imminent And Longer Term CatalystsEditors' Pick • QEP• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:39 AM • Richard Zeits•57 CommentsIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:14 AM • Philip Ryan•10 CommentsEssential Energy Services: Too Cheap To IgnoreEditors' Pick • EEYUF• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:52 AM • Michael Munro•13 CommentsThe Long Case For Sands ChinaEditors' Pick • SCHYF, SCHYY• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Catalyst TraderThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Stephen Saroki•2 CommentsThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsHow Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Got Into This MessEditors' Pick • TOO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:21 PM • Long Player•169 CommentsDump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible AcquisitionsEditors' Pick • CBB, HCOM• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:39 AM • John Zhang•10 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentPapa Murphy's Holdings: An Overlooked Competitor In A Crowded SpaceEditors' Pick • FRSH• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:19 AM • Dining Stocks Online•14 CommentsStock Exchange: Sizzling Summer Picks In Discretionary SpendingEditors' Pick • COST, PEJ, TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:57 PM • Jeff Miller•24 CommentsThe Short Case For HubspotEditors' Pick • HUBS• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Short Biased•4 CommentsThe Long Case For AritziaEditors' Pick • ATZAF• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Kara Stessl•4 CommentsMicron And Intel: The AI And Security Play Of The CenturyEditors' Pick • MU• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:13 PM • Stephen Breezy•381 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•136 CommentsA Basket Of Stocks To Play The Impending Clean Energy/EV Boom - Part 1 (Lithium)Editors' Pick • CRECF, EEYMF, PILBF• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:10 AM • FI Fighter•22 CommentsBurlington Stores Looks TemptingEditors' Pick • BURL• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:08 AM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsDundee Precious Metals - Derisked And Deeply UndervaluedEditors' Pick • DPMLF• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:45 AM • Simple Digressions•22 Comments'Everybody's Gotta Eat': Restaurant Stocks In FocusEditors' Pick • BWLD, CMG, MENU• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • SA Marketplace•28 CommentsNew Residential Investment Corp. Is Currently Undervalued By 20%Editors' Pick • NRZ• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • Scott Kennedy•164 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•8 CommentsTeekay Corp. - J Mintzmyer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • TK• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:21 PM • J Mintzmyer•113 CommentsBriggs & Stratton: American Icon Trading At A DiscountEditors' Pick • BGG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:54 PM • Michael Boyd•6 CommentsWhy Google AdSense Is The Heart And Soul Of Alphabet's Advertising EmpireEditors' Pick • GOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:58 AM • Motek Moyen•30 CommentsEnergy Sector - The Last Value PlayEditors' Pick • TS, VREYF, APA• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:58 AM • Andrea Bernasconi•2 CommentsHalcon Resources: A New Player On The Permian Block That Can SurpriseEditors' Pick • HK• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:53 AM • Richard Zeits•48 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSAExploration Holdings: An Interesting SpeculationEditors' Pick • SAEX• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:54 AM • Amit Ghate•12 CommentsApplied Optoelectronics: Still A Conviction Long - Strong Execution And Earnings Momentum Means Raising Of EPS Estimates, And Price Target To $125Editors' Pick • AAOI• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:26 AM • Jay Deahna•198 CommentsYes, Vera Bradley Still Is A ShortEditors' Pick • VRA• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:44 AM • Vince Martin•12 CommentsRestoration Hardware Discloses The #1 Controversial Share Buyback Of The YearEditors' Pick • RH• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:30 AM • Ioannis Tsoutsias, CFA•21 CommentsAlibaba Affiliate Ant Financial: World's Largest Fintech Poised For More GrowthEditors' Pick • BABA• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:08 PM • LD Investments•46 CommentsQuintiles IMS: A Novel Way To Invest In BiopharmaEditors' Pick • Q• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:55 PM • In Sickness and Wealth•5 CommentsCyberArk's Single Quarter Miss Is A Long-Term BenefitEditors' Pick • CYBR• Mon, Jul. 17, 1:59 PM • Joe Albano•11 CommentsThe Undiscovered Katahdin BanksharesEditors' Pick • KTHN• Sat, Jul. 15, 7:15 AM • Carlton Getz•7 CommentsValhi: Does Sum Of The Parts Show A Discount?Editors' Pick • VHI• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:43 PM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsPolar Power: More To Come Over The VerizonEditors' Pick • POLA• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:02 PM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsMitel Is A Value Play In Unified CommunicationsEditors' Pick • MITL• Fri, Jul. 14, 2:11 PM • Focus Equity•6 CommentsLindsay Corporation: Shorts CapitulateEditors' Pick • LNN• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:53 AM • Michael Boyd•4 CommentsBusiness Under Pressure And Aggressive Accounting Suggests Gentex Has 40-80% Downside RiskEditors' Pick • GNTX• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:46 AM • Ben Axler•17 CommentsThe Long Case For CelesticaEditors' Pick • CLS• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:00 AM • Chris Safroniy•2 CommentsTropicana: Value Still Left On The TableEditors' Pick • TPCA• Fri, Jul. 14, 8:41 AM • Antao•18 CommentsPhotronics Looks A Bit More InterestingEditors' Pick • PLAB• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:38 AM • Vince MartinStock Exchange: Trading The Earnings SeasonEditors' Pick • BUD, DDR, RH• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:07 AM • Jeff Miller•12 CommentsMcKesson: Compelling Margin Of Safety Outweighs Newsworthy RisksEditors' Pick • MCK• Thu, Jul. 13, 3:23 PM • David J. Waldron•19 CommentsCredit Acceptance Corp.: Finding A Niche And Owning ItEditors' Pick • CACC• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:54 PM • Superinvestor Bulletin•22 CommentsBlue Apron - Cohort Data Suggests Favorable Unit EconomicsEditors' Pick • APRN• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:28 PM • Kevin Mak, CFA•36 CommentsRed River Report - The Downfall Of A Great Australian MinerEditors' Pick • EGRAF, EGRAY• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:54 AM • Timor Pony•3 CommentsIAMGOLD Makes A Major DiscoveryEditors' Pick • IAG• Thu, Jul. 13, 9:04 AM • SomaBull•16 CommentsGeely: Investors Electrify Volvo CarEditors' Pick • GELYY• Thu, Jul. 13, 7:00 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•15 CommentsThe Growing Pains At HollySys Are Real, But The Potential Is WorthwhileEditors' Pick • HOLI• Wed, Jul. 12, 2:38 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFAPardee Resources: 4% Yield From Hard Assets And Upside To A Met Coal RecoveryEditors' Pick • PDER• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:44 AM • Safety In Value•19 CommentsChart Industries Getting Back On TrackEditors' Pick • GTLS• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:36 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsA Better Story Taking Shape At FormFactorEditors' Pick • FORM• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:01 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentThe Enterprise Storage Space: A Good Venue In Which To Store Some Investment DollarsEditors' Pick • NTNX, PSTG, NTAP• Tue, Jul. 11, 8:01 PM • Bert Hochfeld•9 CommentsCincinnati Bell Doubles Down On The Bull CaseEditors' Pick • CBB• Tue, Jul. 11, 7:09 PM • Vince Martin•11 Comments123456...158Next Page








Annual Reports - Planet Payment Inc.































































































Search for:































Annual Reports



Home   Investor Relations    Financial Information    Annual Reports 
















Annual Reports






Title
View



2016 Annual Report


PDF
966.0 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2015 Annual Report


PDF
825.7 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2014 Annual Report


PDF
321.7 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase

PDF
140.3 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2013 Annual Report


PDF
345.5 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase

PDF
152.4 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2012 Annual Report


PDF
  3.9 MB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2011 OTCQX Annual Report


PDF
  1.3 MB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2008-2010 Amended Financial Statements


PDF
255.3 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase








Proxy Statements






Title
View



2015 Proxy Statement


PDF
140.3 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





2014 Proxy Statement


PDF
152.4 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase







 
    	= add file to Briefcase









































Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



















 

Press Releases
                            




KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency®...
07/06/2017


Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus...
07/05/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal ...
05/10/2017


Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results...
05/09/2017
























 


Management - Planet Payment Inc.
































































































Search for:































Management



Home   Investor Relations    Management 














Show all 



Carl J. Williams
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer




Carl J. Williams has served as a director of the Company since August 2013, as our President since November 2013 and as our Chief Executive Officer since February 2014. In 2015 he was appointed as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Williams was previously an advisor to the Company from April 2010 until Mr. Williams joined our Board of Directors. Mr. Williams was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Baikal Group, LLC, a management consulting firm, from March 2002. He served as a Managing Director of Pay Anywhere, LLC, a mobile credit card processing system, from May 2012 until July 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Williams served as Advisor of Business Development and International Operations at Global Payments Inc., a payment processing company, from May 2009 until June 2013. From March 2004 until January 2009, Mr. Williams was the President of World Wide Payment Processing for Global Payments. From May 1996 to February 2002, Mr. Williams was President of Spherion Assessment Group, a business unit of Spherion Inc., a recruiting and staffing service. Prior to this, Mr. Williams served as the Divisional President of Merchant Services of National Processing Company, a payment processing company. Mr. Williams holds a B.A. from La Salle University. Mr. Williams brings his extensive experience and knowledge in the payments industry, as well as his perspective as our Chief Executive Officer, to our Board of Directors.

	 





Robert Cox
President and Chief Operating Officer 




Robert J. Cox III has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since 2014. He has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since November 2009. From June 2009 to November 2009, Mr. Cox served as the Chief Financial Officer of Harris Interactive, Inc., a market research firm.  From 2001 to May 2009, Mr. Cox served as the Chief Financial Officer of DealerTrack Holdings, Inc., an automotive retail software solution provider. Prior to that, Mr. Cox served as Chief Financial Officer at Triton International Inc. and Green Stamp America Inc. He began his career as a Certified Public Accountant in the audit practice at KPMG LLP. Mr. Cox holds a B.A. in Accounting from St. Bonaventure University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School.





Raymond D'Aponte
Chief Financial Officer




	Raymond D'Aponte has served as our Senior Vice President, Finance since March 2014.  From March 2005 to April 2011, Mr. D’Aponte served as Senior Director of Corporate Accounting and Finance of DealerTrack Holdings Inc., an automotive retail software solution provider.  He began his career as a Certified Public Accountant in the audit practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.  Mr. D’Aponte holds a B.A. in Accounting from Dowling College




Keith Flaherty
EVP Operations & Delivery




Kieth W. Flaherty has served as our Senior EVP Operations & Delivery since November 2006. From April 2002 to November 2006, Mr. Flaherty served as the Chief Technology Officer at Transworld Payment Solutions, a provider of payment solutions. Prior to that, Mr. Flaherty held various senior positions with Bank of Bermuda, Arab National Bank and First Ecommerce Data Services.





Charles Giglia
CIO Chief Information Officer



Charles Giglia has been an Independent Management Consultant since April 2011, advising businesses on strategic and technology matters. Mr. Giglia was previously a founder of DealerTrack Technologies, Inc. serving as SVP Chief Information Officer from 2000 through 2009 and thereafter as Senior Vice President until 2011. As part of the executive team that spun off Dealertrack from JP Morgan Chase, Mr. Giglia helped build DealerTrack into a public company, as a leading provider of on demand solutions for the retail auto industry. Mr Giglia joined JP Morgan Chase in 1976 and rose to a position of VP Software and Infrastructure Engineering  Chase Retail Lending, in which capacity he served from 1994 until 2000. Mr. Giglia holds a BS in computer science and a MBA in management, with a specialty in management information systems from New York Institute of Technology.




Jason Taylor
Chief Information Security Officer




Jason Taylor has served as our Chief Information Officer since June 2009 and from November 2006 until his promotion in June 2009, served as our Senior Vice President of Card Systems and Quality Assurance. From October 2001 to October 2006, Mr. Taylor was Manager, Card Systems, at TransWorld Payment Solutions, a third party payment processor. Mr. Taylor holds a B.S.in Business from Kwantlen University.











































Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



















 

Press Releases
                            




KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency®...
07/06/2017


Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus...
07/05/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal ...
05/10/2017


Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results...
05/09/2017
























 


Historic Stock Lookup - Planet Payment Inc.
































































































Search for:































Historic Stock Lookup



Home   Investor Relations    Stock Information    Historic Stock Lookup 
















View:

NASDAQ : PLPM
LSE : PPT

  




Adjusted historic prices for the week of July 24, 2017



Date
Open
High
Low
Close
Volume




07/24/2017
3.56
3.57
3.40
3.46
153,819


07/25/2017
3.49
3.57
3.46
3.49
103,493


07/26/2017
3.50
3.55
3.48
3.50
62,889


07/27/2017
3.50
3.50
3.32
3.34
94,778





January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031
2017201620152014201320122011201020092008
Lookup

Year End Stock Prices


The historical stock information provided is for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. The historical stock information is provided by Mergent, a third party service, and Planet Payment Inc. does not maintain or provide information directly to this service. Prices display split-adjusted cost basis per share on that date.







































Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



















 

Press Releases
                            




KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency®...
07/06/2017


Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus...
07/05/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal ...
05/10/2017


Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results...
05/09/2017
























 
  PLPM:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Planet Payment Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Planet Payment Inc   PLPM:US   NASDAQ CM        3.34USD   0.16   4.57%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   3.50    Day Range   3.32 - 3.50    Volume   94,778    Previous Close   3.50    52Wk Range   2.75 - 4.81    1 Yr Return   -28.94%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   3.50    Day Range   3.32 - 3.50    Volume   94,778    Previous Close   3.50    52Wk Range   2.75 - 4.81    1 Yr Return   -28.94%    YTD Return   -18.14%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   7.35    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.45    Market Cap (m USD)   166.181    Shares Outstanding  (m)   49.755    Price/Sales (TTM)   3.07    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.82%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change -0.40%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/12/2017   Ipsidy Announces Annual Results for 2016 and Business Strategy Update     7/6/2017   KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency®     7/5/2017   Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International’s SecurePlus     5/10/2017   Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions     5/9/2017   Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results     5/8/2017   Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone     5/4/2017   Integrated Payment Services are Revolutionizing the Consumer Buying Experience     5/2/2017   HDFC Bank and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Pay in Your Currency®     4/25/2017   Planet Payment® to Announce Q1 Results on May 9, 2017     3/21/2017   Net Element’s Unified Payments to Offer Planet Payment’s Multi-Currency Pricing    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Planet Payment Inc. is an international payment and data processor. The Company processes credit card transactions in multiple currencies. Planet Payment Inc. also offers e-commerce and mobile payment solutions for credit cards and electronic check payments.    Address  670 Long Beach BlvdLong Beach, NY 11561United States   Phone  1-516-670-3200   Website   www.planetpayment.com     Executives Board Members    Carl J Williams  Chairman/CEO    Robert J Cox  President/COO    Raymond D'Aponte  Chief Financial Officer    Jason A Taylor  Chief Information Security Officer    Kieth W Flaherty  Exec VP:Ops & Delivery     Show More         PLANET PAYMENT INC Competitors and Products in the Hotel Motel Directory   Hotel Motel DirectoryPLANET PAYMENT INCPLANET PAYMENT INC Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 0670 Long Beach BoulevardLong Beach, NY 11561About PLANET PAYMENT INCPersonalized pricing helps your guests feel at home! In everything you do, you strive to make your guests feel more comfortable, more confident and more satisfied with their stay at your hotel. Now, guests can have the confidence and convenience of seeing the cost of your US dollar transactions in their home currency. Whether an international tourist seeking clarity in the cost of his stay, or the savvy business traveler looking to simplify his expense accounting upon his return home, Planet Payment's multi-currency processing services offer a powerful incentive for international guests to choose your establishment for their next stay.Competitors of PLANET PAYMENT INCShift4 CorporationWith more than twenty years of experience processing payments in hospitality, Shift4 offers tailored solutions for the unique payments challenges of today’s hoteliers. Shift4 stands alone as the last major player in the payments space to remain independent, self-funded, and merchant focused. Our... write a reviewMagTek, Inc.Since 1972, MagTek has manufactured and commercialized magnetic stripe based systems, peripherals and components to automate the exchange of financial information bringing tremendous efficiencies through time savings and risk reduction for financial institutions and retailers. Our products are... write a reviewGlobal Payments Inc write a review×Rate and Review PLANET PAYMENT INC     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of PLANET PAYMENT INC. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of PLANET PAYMENT INC.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Shift4 Corporation     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Shift4 Corporation. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Shift4 Corporation.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review MagTek, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of MagTek, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of MagTek, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Global Payments Inc     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Global Payments Inc. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Global Payments Inc.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Hotel Motel Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Hotel Motel Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Multi-Currency Pricing Gateway - Planet Payment

































































































Search for:




 

















Multi-Currency Pricing Gateway



Home   Multi-Currency Pricing Gateway		

 






Merchants Can Price & Sell in Multiple Currencies… While Getting Paid in Their Own
Multi-Currency Pricing lets eCommerce and mail-order/telephone-order (MO/TO) merchants targeting international markets price in multiple foreign currencies – while still receiving payments in their own. MCP is a valuable, easy-to-implement solution for merchants looking to attract new, foreign customers and convert more browsers into buyers.
Increase Global Sales
With e-Commerce and mail-order/telephone-order (MO/TO) businesses, shoppers today come from all over the world. Merchants can expand
their customer base and increase global sales by setting prices beyond their local currency. Shop in Your Currency is available in over 85 cardholder currencies to customers paying with their MasterCard, Visa or JCB cards.
MCP turns international browsers into customers. Cardholders in Japan enjoy the clarity of shopping and paying in Yen, shoppers in the UK enjoy the certainty of paying in British pounds, while the merchant still receives payment and reporting in their local currency. With Multi-Currency Pricing, merchants set prices in currencies their international shoppers can understand –their own.
Maximizing Global Potential with Minimal Effort
Planet Payment’s Multi-Currency Pricing solution is easily provided through the convenience of a single local merchant account, with funding and reporting continuing in the merchant’s home currency.
Unlike other currency providers, our solution does not require the setup of an international entity or any foreign bank or wire transfer fees. We currently offer over 60 cardholder currencies and flexible merchant pricing solutions – fixed or variable pricing that helps merchant meet their specific business and revenue goals. Offer this superior pricing solution and increase your global sales today! Get Started Now.
Whether a merchant sets a fixed price or opts for our variable solution, Multi-Currency Pricing will help increase foreign sales, making shopping easier for their valued international customers. Learn more about maximizing your global potential today.
Sales Sheet





Benefits to Merchants

Increased global sales from the convenience of a local acquiring solution
Higher conversion of international browsers to customers
Reduced customer service inquiries/chargebacks
Enhanced customer loyalty with greater incentive to choose you for their next purchase

Benefits to Customers

Confident, informed buying decisions
Leisure travelers enjoy the certainty of knowing the final cost in the currency they understand best – their own
Higher appreciation of purchase value
No surprises! The amount your customer pays in their home currency matches their credit card statement amount








Gateway ProcessingPlanet Payment Gateway
Multi-Currency Pricing
In-Country Domestic Processing
Local & Alternative Payment Acceptance
Credit Card Processing
Fraud & Security

Secure Tokenization
3D Secure Payer Authentication


Mobile SDK
Integration Options
Merchant Support
Certified Partners
Referral Programs
iPAY Online Library
Developer Portal
 













 

Related Press
			





Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International’s SecurePlus
7/5/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions
5/10/2017




Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
5/9/2017


Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone
5/8/2017




 









































Our Company - Planet Payment
































































































Search for:




 

















Our Company



Home   About Us   Our Company		

 






One Partner. One Platform. Planet Payment.
Planet Payment delivers innovative payment processing solutions that solve many of the challenges facing today’s global electronic payments industry. We deliver our payment processing and multi-currency solutions to 71 financial services institutions around the world. Our services are currently deployed at 103,000 active merchant locations in 23 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and Europe.
At the heart of Planet Payment is our centrally-hosted transaction platform which manages the global connectivity and interaction between consumers, merchants, banks, and the payment networks. Our platform provides the flexibility to deliver solutions tailored to meet the specific needs of banks and merchants in both established and dynamic emerging markets around the world.
Merchants

We help merchants – whether a hotelier, retailer, restaurant or eCommerce merchant – sell more goods and services.

Banks & Sales Organizations

We help banks and their sales organizations sign and retain more merchants by providing new and innovative products – and help them expand into new markets.

Consumers

We help consumers by providing choice and clarity at the point-of-sale – and improve the shopping experience in both the physical and eCommerce worlds.

One Partner.
Since 1999, we have established an international reputation for providing best-in-class, secure payment services that deliver incremental value and revenue to our customers and their merchants. We work collaboratively with our clients to develop solutions that help them meet today’s business challenges and tomorrow’s opportunities. Our team of skilled personnel, across the world, share one vision — to serve as a trusted partner, dedicated to helping our clients and their merchants grow their business.
One Platform.
Our single, currency neutral payment platform, the keystone of our business, allows us and our clients to enter new markets and deliver new services quickly. We nimbly deliver state-of-the-art solutions to our clients, in a fraction of the time, effort and cost it might take for them to develop or enhance their own systems. Once connected to our platform in one country, our customers and their merchants can use the same interfaces and point-of-sale devices in all other countries in which we operate.
Planet Payment.
We are committed to delivering innovative payment services that fulfill the promise of helping our customers and their merchants improve their business efficiencies and sell more goods and services.





About UsOur Company
Leadership Team

Senior Management


News Center
Legal & Privacy

Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
About Cookies


Careers

Employment Opportunities


Media Center

Collateral Library
Video Library


 













 

Related Press
			





Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International’s SecurePlus
7/5/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions
5/10/2017




Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
5/9/2017


Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone
5/8/2017




 








































Planet Payment | Delivers innovative payment processing solutions































































































Search for:




 






















One Partner. One Platform. Planet Payment.
Planet Payment delivers innovative payment processing solutions that solve many of the challenges facing today’s global electronic payments industry.  We deliver our payment processing and multi-currency solutions to 70+ financial services institutions around the world. Our services are currently deployed at 188,000 active merchant locations in 22 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and Europe.  

Learn More












One Partner. One Platform. Planet Payment.
Planet Payment delivers innovative payment processing solutions that solve many of the challenges facing today’s global electronic payments industry.  We deliver our payment processing and multi-currency solutions to 70+ financial services institutions around the world. Our services are currently deployed at 188,000 active merchant locations in 22 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and Europe.

Learn More












One Partner. One Platform. Planet Payment.
Planet Payment delivers innovative payment processing solutions that solve many of the challenges facing today’s global electronic payments industry.  We deliver our payment processing and multi-currency solutions to 70+ financial services institutions around the world. Our services are currently deployed at 188,000 active merchant locations in 22 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and Europe. 

Learn More












One Partner. One Platform. Planet Payment.
Planet Payment delivers innovative payment processing solutions that solve many of the challenges facing today’s global electronic payments industry.  We deliver our payment processing and multi-currency solutions to 70+ financial services institutions around the world. Our services are currently deployed at 188,000 active merchant locations in 22 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and Europe. 

Learn More















Multi-Currency Solutions
Providing solutions that allow banks and their merchants to offer customers personalized payments in their home currency – at the point of sale, online or at the ATM.








Payment Processing
Offering international payment, transaction and multi-currency processing services that allow acquirers and processors to quickly enter new markets and expand payment acceptance around the world.








Gateway Solutions
Facilitating Global eCommerce through our PCI compliant international payment platform.











The Better Way to Pay®
International customers enjoy the confidence and convenience of paying in the currency they know best – their own! Find out how Pay in Your Currency® can help merchants reduce the cost of foreign card processing while providing superior customer service to international customers.  
Learn More





















































Offer international customers the choice to pay in the currency they know best – their own.






Provide international travelers with the convenience of knowing, at the time of ATM withdrawal, the exact amount debited from their bank account in their own currency.






Convert international browsers into buyers by pricing in multiple currencies online.













next






Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International’s SecurePlus


Learn More




Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions


Learn More




Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results


Learn More




Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone


Learn More







prev































Investor Relations - Planet Payment Inc.
































































































Search for:































Investor Relations



Home   Investor Relations

















	Planet Payment is a leading provider of international payment and transaction processing and multi-currency processing services. We provide our services and solutions to merchant locations in 21 countries and territories across the Asia Pacific region, North America, South America, the Middle East, Africa and Europe, primarily through our acquiring bank and processor customers, as well as through our own direct sales force. We provide banks and their merchants with innovative services to accept, process and reconcile electronic payments. Our point-of-sale multi-currency payment processing services are designed for merchants in the retail, restaurant, and hospitality environments. We also provide payment services for e-commerce and mail and telephone order merchants. Our point-of sale and e-commerce services help merchants sell more goods and services to consumers, and  together with our ATM services are integrated within the international payment card transaction process enabling our acquiring customers to process and reconcile payment transactions in multiple currencies, geographies and channels. We are a registered third party processor with the major card associations and operate in accordance with industry standards, including the Payment Card Industry, or PCI, Security Council’s Data Security Standards.





NASDAQ: PLPM


$ 3.34

        		0.00 (0.00%)



        	Day High:  N/A
            
            Day Low:  N/A
            
        	Volume:  N/A
		

        	4:00 PM ET on  07/27/2017
        	Delayed at least 20 minutes.








3 mo.
6 mo.
1 yr.



















Events & Presentations
05/09/2017 at 5:00 PM ET
Planet Payment, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
03/08/2017 at 5:00 PM ET
Planet Payment, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results
View all events & presentations »









































Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



















 

Press Releases
                            




KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency®...
07/06/2017


Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus...
07/05/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal ...
05/10/2017


Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results...
05/09/2017
























 

















Locations - Planet Payment































































































Search for:




 

















Locations



Home   Locations		

 








Corporate Headquarters
670 Long Beach Boulevard
Long Beach, New York 11561
United States of America
t +1 516 670 3200
f +1 516 670 3520
info.us@planetpayment.com


Americas

Atlanta
11675 Great Oaks Way
Suite 130
Alpharetta, GA 30022
United States of America
t +1 770 521 9545


Delaware
One Corporate Commons
100West Commons Boulevard
Suite 200
New Castle, DE 19720
United States of America
t +1 302 326 0700
f +1 302 326 0664


Bermuda
4th floor Washington Mall Phase II
22 Church Street, Hamilton
Bermuda HM11
t +1 441 542 9928


Canada
140 Yonge St
Suite 200
Toronto, ON
MC51X6
t +1 800 489 0174
info.canada@planetpayment.com


Mexico
Av. Paseo de la Reforma No. 300
Piso 17, Col. Juarez, Delegacion Cuauhtemoc
CP 06600 Ciudad de Mexico
t. ++52 (55) 4161 0851



Asia-Pacific

Singapore
12 Eu Tong Sen Street
#04-171 The Central
Singapore 059819
t + 65 6227 7891


Hong Kong
Suites 801-5, 8/ F North Tower, World Finance Centre
Harbour City, Kowloon, Hong Kong
t +852 3766 2699


Beijing
Room A1737, Block A, Finance Fortune Center
No.18 Xizhimenwai Street
Xicheng District
Beijing 100044
t +86 10-57466358


Shanghai
Unit 1704, Eton Place
No 69 Dongfang Road
Shanghai, 200120 PRC
t +86 21 5138 0538


Taiwan
Representative
info.taiwan@planetpayment.com


Malaysia
Representative
info.malaysia @planetpayment.com



Europe / CEMEA

United Kingdom
Thremhall Park
Bishops Stortford
Herts CM22 7WE, United Kingdom
t +44 127 921 6227
f +44 870 131 913


United Arab Emirates
25th Floor Prism Tower, #2502
Business Bay,
Dubai, P.O. Box 26391
t: +971 4 293 2456


Ireland
Chase House
City Junction Business Park
Northern Cross
Malahide Road
Dublin 17 Ireland
t: +353 1 9052726






















 

Related Press
			





Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International’s SecurePlus
7/5/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions
5/10/2017




Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
5/9/2017


Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone
5/8/2017




 


























    PLPM Key Statistics - Planet Payment Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Planet Payment Inc.

                  NASDAQ: PLPM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Planet Payment Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:58 p.m.


PLPM

/quotes/zigman/13227869/composite


$
3.34




Change

-0.0004
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 415
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/13227869/composite
Previous close

$
			3.50
		


$
				3.34
			
Change

-0.16
-4.57%





Day low
Day high
$3.32
$3.50










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.75
        

            $4.81
        

















			Company Description 


			Planet Payment, Inc. provides international payment, transaction and multi-currency processing services. The company offers banks and their merchants with innovative services to accept, process and reconcile electronic payments and its point of sale multi-currency payment processing services are des...
		


                Planet Payment, Inc. provides international payment, transaction and multi-currency processing services. The company offers banks and their merchants with innovative services to accept, process and reconcile electronic payments and its point of sale multi-currency payment processing services are designed for merchants in retail, restaurant and hospitality environments. It operates its business through the following segments: Multi-currency processing services and Payment processing services. The Multi-currency processing services segment comprise solutions designed to enable acquiring banks, processors and merchants to respond to these challenges by integrating its secure and reliable processing platform into their existing systems. The Payment processing services segment provides services for merchants in the retail, restaurant, and hospitality environments. Planet Payment was founded by Philip D. Beck on October 12, 1999 and is headquartered in Long Beach, NY.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
7.93


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
7.94


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
9.27


Price to Sales Ratio
3.87


Price to Book Ratio
5.55


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
18.74


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
13.31


Enterprise Value to Sales
3.14


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.05

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
333,358.00


Income Per Employee
140,305.00


Receivables Turnover
8.72


Total Asset Turnover
1.05

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.28


Quick Ratio
2.28


Cash Ratio
1.58



Profitability

Gross Margin
57.39


Operating Margin
19.00


Pretax Margin
17.75


Net Margin
42.09


Return on Assets
44.08


Return on Equity
68.45


Return on Total Capital
59.10


Return on Invested Capital
59.45

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
27.82


Total Debt to Total Capital
21.76


Total Debt to Total Assets
17.14


Long-Term Debt to Equity
27.36


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
21.40





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Carl Joseph Williams 
64
2013
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Robert J. Cox 
50
2009
President, Chief Operating Officer & Senior VP



Mr. Raymond  D'Aponte 
42
2011
CFO, Treasurer & Principal Accounting Officer



Mr. Charles J. Giglia 
64
2015
Chief Information Officer



Mr. Alan M. Lubitz 
64
2003
Chief Technology Officer & SVP-Product Development





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/31/2017

Jon Kaiden 
Director

22,246


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.45 per share.


76,748


05/31/2017

Jon Kaiden 
Director

25,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.07 per share.


76,750


06/14/2016

Carl Joseph Williams 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

14,815


 
Award at $4.05 per share.


60,000


06/14/2016

Cameron R. M. McColl 
Director

14,815


 
Award at $4.05 per share.


60,000


06/14/2016

Jon Kaiden 
Director

14,815


 
Award at $4.05 per share.


60,000


06/14/2016

Shane Ho Kim 


14,815


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/14/2016

Shane Ho Kim 


14,815


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/24/2016

Jon Kaiden 
Director

3,715


 
Disposition at $4.51 per share.


16,754


05/23/2016

Jon Kaiden 
Director

7,500


 
Disposition at $4.5 per share.


33,750


05/20/2016

Jon Kaiden 
Director

15,880


 
Disposition at $4.51 per share.


71,618


05/18/2016

Jon Kaiden 
Director

11,970


 
Disposition at $4.5 per share.


53,865


11/30/2015

Jon Kaiden 
Director

43,860


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.85 per share.


125,001


11/30/2015

Jon Kaiden 
Director

50,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.5 per share.


125,000


11/11/2015

Cameron R. M. McColl 
Director

50,000


 
Disposition at $2.67 per share.


133,500


11/11/2015

Cameron R. M. McColl 
Director

50,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.5 per share.


125,000


08/12/2015

Cameron R. M. McColl 
Director

135,300


 
Disposition at $3.04 per share.


411,312


08/10/2015

Carl Joseph Williams 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

25,424


 
Award at $0.01 per share.


254


08/10/2015

Cameron R. M. McColl 
Director

25,424


 
Award at $0.01 per share.


254


08/10/2015

Jon Kaiden 
Director

25,424


 
Award at $0.01 per share.


254


08/10/2015

Shane Ho Kim 


25,424


 
Award at $0.01 per share.


254


08/10/2015

Shane Ho Kim 


25,424


 
Award at $0.01 per share.


254








/news/latest/company/us/plpm

      MarketWatch News on PLPM
    




 Planet Payment started at buy with $5.40 stock price target at Feltl & Co.
1:02 p.m. Jan. 12, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Visa to collaborate with Planet Payment
10:10 a.m. March 15, 2013
 - MarketWatch.com




 Planet Payment Q3 loss widens, revenue up 3%
4:56 a.m. Nov. 27, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com




 Planet Payment Q1 pretax net up; merchants higher
3:09 a.m. May 11, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com




 Planet Payment swings to profit, revenue up 29%
3:24 a.m. April 2, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/plpm

      Other News on PLPM
    





Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) and Xtant Medical Holdings Inc  (XTNT) Lead 13 Activist Investment Filings

10:00 a.m. May 31, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Planet Payment's (PLPM) CEO Carl Williams on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

10:20 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Planet Payment and Network International announce multi-year contract extension, merchant milestone

9:48 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





3 Tech Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now (EXTR, PLPM, PCTI)

9:32 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





3 Tech Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now

6:32 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Technology Select Sector SPDR, j2 Global, Synchronoss Technologies, Progress Software and Planet Payment

9:30 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - Zacks.com





4 Software Stocks that Deserve a Place in Your Portfolio

9:15 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





4 Software Stocks that Deserve a Place in Your Portfolio

1:49 p.m. March 17, 2017
 - Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Health Insurance Innovations, Big 5 Sporting Goods, Quidel, Planet Payment and Bridgepoint Education

9:30 a.m. March 16, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Small Caps Back to Breakeven for 2017, Buy These 5 Stocks on the Dip

1:33 p.m. March 15, 2017
 - Zacks.com




 10-K: PLANET PAYMENT INC
7:11 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Planet Payment, Inc. 2016 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

6:39 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Planet Payment's (PLPM) CEO Carl Williams on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

11:52 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Hottest Services Stocks Now – INOD MATR BITA AVID

11:30 a.m. Dec. 23, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – MTLS BSQR SLP CYRN

11:45 a.m. Dec. 6, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – MTCH MODN BSQR PMD

11:30 a.m. Nov. 29, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – AVXL YY SYNC GEN

11:15 a.m. Nov. 24, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Services Stocks Now – WB SGMS COUP TWLO

12:30 p.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





8 IT Services Stocks to Buy Now

9:45 a.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





5 IT Services Stocks to Buy Now

9:15 a.m. Nov. 7, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Planet Payment, Inc.
670 Long Beach Boulevard


Long Beach, New York 11561




Phone
1 5166703200


Industry
Accounting


Sector
Business/Consumer Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$54.34M


Net Income
$22.87M


2016 Sales Growth 
2.9%


Employees

        163.00


Annual Report for PLPM











/news/pressrelease/company/us/plpm

      Press Releases on PLPM
    




 KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency(R)
9:00 a.m. July 6, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus
9:01 a.m. July 5, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions
10:04 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
4:02 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Investor Network: Planet Payment, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
1:33 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone
9:42 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 HDFC Bank and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Pay in Your Currency(R)
10:45 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment(R) to Announce Q1 Results on May 9, 2017
9:31 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Net Element's Unified Payments to Offer Planet Payment's Multi-Currency Pricing
8:45 a.m. March 21, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Net Element's Unified Payments to Offer Planet Payment's Multi-Currency Pricing Solution
8:45 a.m. March 21, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Planet Payment Announces Fourth Quarter and Year Ended 2016 Results
5:02 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment(R) to Announce Annual Results on March 8, 2017
10:00 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment and Worldpay to Launch Planet Payment's DCC at ATMs solution
1:37 p.m. Feb. 13, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 United Airlines, UnionPay International and Planet Payment Announce the Launch of UnionPay Credit Card Acceptance for eCommerce
10:01 a.m. Jan. 24, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment(R) To Present at 19th Annual Needham Growth Conference
12:19 p.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment and Mashreq Announce Contract Extension - DCC at POS & ATMs in the UAE
5:30 p.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment(R) To Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences
3:50 p.m. Nov. 10, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results
4:01 p.m. Nov. 2, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Planet Payment(R) to Announce Q3 Results on November 2, 2016
9:01 a.m. Oct. 12, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 UATP Partners With Planet Payment To Connect International Alternative Forms Of Payment With Airlines
8:01 a.m. Oct. 4, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:01 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:01aFrench economy expands 0.5% in the second quarter 
6:00a'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles
6:00aAmericans are so uncomfortable asking for money that we’ve resorted to this instead
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
4:58aThis city’s subway system will soon run entirely on renewable energy
4:27a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
4:26aUBS, Credit Suisse profit up after strategic shift
4:25aRenault first-half profit leaps on higher volume
4:03aFTSE 100 under pressure as BT pushed lower 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15









































































Planet Payment Gateway - Planet Payment






























































































Search for:




 

















Planet Payment Gateway



Home   Planet Payment Gateway		

 






The Planet Payment Gateway facilitates global eCommerce through our international payment platform. We offer US and Canadian merchants reliable PCI compliant multi-currency payment solutions and complete end-to-end online credit card processing for both web and iOS and Android mobile devices.  Our core services include:

Multi-Currency Pricing
In-Country Domestic Processing
Payment Gateway for: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, UnionPay, American Express, JCB
Local & Alternative Payment Acceptance
Fraud & Security Solutions

Contact Us today to learn how our payment gateway can help you target new international markets and increase your online revenue.





Gateway ProcessingPlanet Payment Gateway
Multi-Currency Pricing
In-Country Domestic Processing
Local & Alternative Payment Acceptance
Credit Card Processing
Fraud & Security

Secure Tokenization
3D Secure Payer Authentication


Mobile SDK
Integration Options
Merchant Support
Certified Partners
Referral Programs
iPAY Online Library
Developer Portal
 













 

Related Press
			





Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International’s SecurePlus
7/5/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal Solutions
5/10/2017




Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
5/9/2017


Network International and Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone
5/8/2017




 

























Contact Us - Planet Payment Inc.
































































































Search for:































Contact Us



Home   Investor Relations   Contact Us 

















Questions for the Investor Relations Department can be submitted through the form below. * Required fields







Name*

Email*


Subject*

Comments*


Listen to audio version
Type in number*

Submit Comment










































Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



















 

Press Releases
                            




KCB Bank and Planet Payment Announce Launch of Pay In Your Currency®...
07/06/2017


Planet Payment and ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus...
07/05/2017


Muxi and Planet Payment Announce Agreement to Offer Multi-Currency Processing on their POS Terminal ...
05/10/2017


Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results...
05/09/2017
























 








Planet Payment Inc - NASDAQ:PLPM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Planet Payment Inc (PLPM)
Follow




                                3.34
                            







                        NASDAQ : Technology
                    

Jul 27, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  3.34


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    2.75 /
                                    4.81
                                


Avg Volume 
197.30K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
49.75M


Market Cap
174.14M


EPS
0.20


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            7.61
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









KCB Bank And Planet Payment Announce Launch Of Pay In Your Currency®











Planet Payment And ACI Worldwide Launch UnionPay International's SecurePlus













Muxi And Planet Payment Announce Agreement To Offer Multi-Currency Processing On Their POS Terminal Solutions


May 10, 2017 10:04 AM EDT









Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2017 Results


May 9, 2017 4:01 PM EDT









Network International And Planet Payment Announce Multi-Year Contract Extension, Merchant Milestone
Pay in Your Currency® product currently deployed at over 22,000 merchants in the UAE

May 8, 2017 9:42 AM EDT









HDFC Bank And Planet Payment Announce Agreement To Offer Pay In Your Currency®


May 2, 2017 10:45 AM EDT









Planet Payment® To Announce Q1 Results On May 9, 2017


Apr 25, 2017 9:30 AM EDT









Net Element's Unified Payments To Offer Planet Payment's Multi-Currency Pricing


Mar 21, 2017 8:45 AM EDT









Planet Payment Announces Fourth Quarter And Year Ended 2016 Results


Mar 8, 2017 4:01 PM EST









Planet Payment® To Announce Annual Results On March 8, 2017


Feb 27, 2017 9:00 AM EST









Planet Payment And Worldpay To Launch Planet Payment's DCC At ATMs Solution


Feb 13, 2017 12:37 PM EST













United Airlines, UnionPay International And Planet Payment Announce The Launch Of UnionPay Credit Card Acceptance For ECommerce


Jan 24, 2017 9:00 AM EST













Planet Payment® To Present At 19th Annual Needham Growth Conference


Jan 11, 2017 11:19 AM EST













Planet Payment And Mashreq Announce Contract Extension - DCC At POS & ATMs In The UAE
Mashreq Offers 84 Currencies in ATMs & 129 Currencies for Retail, Restaurant and Hospitality Merchants

Nov 21, 2016 4:30 PM EST













Planet Payment® To Present At Upcoming Investor Conferences


Nov 10, 2016 2:50 PM EST













Planet Payment Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results
Third Quarter Revenue increases 8%

Nov 2, 2016 4:01 PM EDT













Planet Payment® To Announce Q3 Results On November 2, 2016


Oct 12, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













UATP Partners With Planet Payment To Connect International Alternative Forms Of Payment With Airlines


Oct 4, 2016 8:00 AM EDT













Network International And Planet Payment Announce Agreement With Ahli United Bank To Launch Pay In Your Currency® In Bahrain


Aug 29, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













College Education? Priceless. For Tuition, There's MasterCard
What if you could use your MasterCard to pay for college tuition? Chinese cardholders now have that capability in the U.S.

Aug 15, 2016 3:03 PM EDT









Sun Screen: 12 Names on Our Summer Radar
As vacation time beckons for Wall Street, our stock screen reveals potential opportunities for the portfolio.

Aug 11, 2016 4:13 PM EDT













Planet Payment Stock Sees Short Interest Decrease By 16.6%
The most recent short interest data has been released for the 07/29/2016 settlement date, which shows a 254,423 share decrease in total short interest for Planet Payment Incorporated , to 1,277,911, a decrease of 16.60% since 07/15/2016. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Aug 10, 2016 2:50 PM EDT













Planet Payment Announces Second Quarter 2016 Results


Aug 3, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Planet Payment And Absa Launch A Multi-Currency Pricing Solution With Xpressa


Jul 26, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













Planet Payment® To Announce Q2 Results On August 3, 2016


Jul 13, 2016 5:00 PM EDT













Redeban And Planet Payment Sign Agreement For Pay In Your Currency® Service In Colombia


Jul 13, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













Planet Payment Added To Russell 2000 Index
Now a part of the Russell 2000 and Russell 3000 Index

Jun 27, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













Banorte And Planet Payment Announce Launch Of Pay In Your Currency® In POS Terminals


May 9, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Planet Payment Announces First Quarter 2016 Results
First Quarter Revenue Increased 13% to $13.7 million

May 4, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Planet Payment To Announce Q1 Results On May 4, 2016


Apr 20, 2016 3:38 PM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 7/27/2017


B
(Buy)






Get the (PLPM) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Planet Payment misses by $0.01, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Planet Payment and Network International announce multi-year contract extension, merchant milestone

SeekingAlpha



Technology - Top Gainers / Losers as of 3:00 pm

SeekingAlpha



Small Caps Back to Breakeven for 2017, Buy These 5 Stocks on the Dip

Zacks



Planet Payment, Inc. 2016 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Planet Payment misses by $0.01, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Planet Payment initiated with a Buy at Feltl

The Fly



Planet Payment, Inc. 2016 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Planet Payment EPS in-line, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Technology - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 3:00 pm

SeekingAlpha



Technology - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 3:00 pm

SeekingAlpha



Planet Payment misses by $0.01, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Planet Payment initiated with a Buy at Ladenburg

The Fly



Planet Payment initiated with an Outperform at Northland

The Fly



Planet Payment (PLPM) Looks Good: Stock Up 7.9%  - Tale of the Tape

Zacks



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

B (Buy)



Get the (PLPM) Report Here 













 











Trending


Amazon's Shock Earnings Show That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Goodwill


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


Reversal of Fortunes: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/27/17)


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











 




Yahoo Shopping - Online Shopping with great products, prices and reviews










  


     ⌂HomeMailSearchNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityWeatherAnswersFlickrMobileMore⋁PoliticsMoviesMusicTVGroupsStyleBeautyTechShoppingInstall the new Firefox »   Yahoo Shopping            All⋁   All Departments Appliances Auto Parts Babies & Kids Books Cameras Clothing Computers Electronics Flowers & Gifts Furniture Grocery & Gourmet Health & Beauty Indoor Living Industrial Supply Jewelry & Watches Magazines Movies Music Musical Instruments Office Outdoor Living Software Sporting Goods Toys Video Games                 👤 Sign in    ✉ Mail     ⚙ Help    Account Info Help Suggestions        











 Shopping Home
 Clothing & Accessories
 Electronics
 Home & Garden
 Flowers & Gifts
 Toys & Baby
 Computers
 Movies & DVDs
 Jewelry
 Sporting Goods
More


 Beauty
 Books
 Music
 Health Care











Browse Shopping
Shop by Store | Shop by Brand | See all Categories




Clothing

 Women's
 Men's
 Teen's
 Shoes




Electronics

 Cameras
 Cell Phones
 Televisions
 MP3 Players




Home & Garden

 Appliances
 Automotive
 Bed & Bath
 Furniture




Flowers & Gifts

 Flowers by Occasion
 Flowers & Plants
 Gifts by Occasion
 Roses




Toys & Baby

 Baby Girl's
 Baby Boy's
 Baby Gear
 Nursery



Computers

 Laptops
 Desktops
 Tablets
 Printers



Movies & DVDs

 Action & Adventure
 Kids & Family
 Documentary
 Foreign



Jewelry

 Diamond Jewelry
 Engagement
 Watches
 Jewelry



Sporting Goods

 Individual Sports
 Exercise & Fitness
 Camping & Outdoors
 Fan Gear



More Categories

 Books
 Music
 Health Care
 Beauty












Follow Yahoo Shopping

 on Facebook  on Twitter

 on Tumblr
 on Pinterest














Find, Compare, Read Reviews & Buy Online @ Yahoo Shopping - Online Shopping with great products, prices and reviews    Want to see your products in Yahoo Shopping? Advertise with us.     Sitemap    All BrandsTerms | Privacy | About Our Ads | Help

































Planet Payment, Inc. - PLPM - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
3.50


Day Low
3.32


Day High
3.50


52 Wk Low
2.75


52 Wk High
4.95


Avg. Volume
137,171


Market Cap
174.14 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
0.66





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.03


Current Qtr Est
0.03


Current Yr Est
0.16


Exp Earnings Date
8/2/17


Prior Year EPS
0.15


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)25.00%


Forward PE
21.88


PEG Ratio
0.88













Computer and Technology » Computer - Software





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for PLPM



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for PLPM





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 43%(113 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 50% (8  out of 16) 



Style Scores

B Value | C Growth | D Momentum | C VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for PLPM

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Planet Payment, Inc.
PLPM



Dassault Systemes SA
DASTY



Datawatch Corporation
DWCH



Progress Software Corporation
PRGS



Red Hat, Inc.
RHT



Verint Systems Inc.
VRNT



Adobe Systems Incorporated
ADBE




See all Computer - Software Peers


 




Zacks News for PLPM

3 Tech Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now
05/01/17-5:32PM EST  Zacks

4 Software Stocks that Deserve a Place in Your Portfolio
03/17/17-12:49PM EST  Zacks

PLPM: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Small Caps Back to Breakeven for 2017, Buy These 5 Stocks on the Dip
03/15/17-12:33PM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
Planet Payment, Inc. is a provider of international payment processing and multi-currency processing services. It operates in two segments: processing solutions and merchant solutions. The company's processing solutions include secure payment processing, multi-currency authorization and capture processing, clearing and settlement, acquirer reconciliation and reporting, POS, banking ATMs services and risk management services. Its Merchant solutions comprises of multi-currency payment solutions; online payment solutions designed for e-commerce, MICROS payment gateway, POS solutions, payments reporting, data analytics services and global merchant solutions, as well as fraud and security services. It offers its services primarily to Asia Pacific region, North America, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, and Europe. Planet Payment, Inc. is headquartered in Long Beach, New York.   





 



