










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















WASTE MATERIAL PROCESSING SYSTEM - Planet Found Energy Development, LLC





























Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    WASTE MATERIAL PROCESSING SYSTEM                





                United States Patent Application 20170066691            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            An organic waste material processing system includes a waste material holding tank and a slurry-producing device configured to process organic waste material into a slurry. A waste processing section has at least one pressurizeable tank connected to the waste material holding tank receiving slurry therefrom. The pressurizeable tank includes a slurry temperature adjusting part and a first hydrocarbon capturing structure configured to capture hydrocarbon vapors produced by the slurry at a predetermined temperature. A hydrocarbon vapor processing section collects captured hydrocarbon vapors from the waste processing section such that an electric power producing apparatus generates electricity using collected hydrocarbon vapor and provides electric power to at least the pretreatment section and the waste processing section. A waste post-processing section is configured to receive processed slurry produce salable organic materials, nutrient enhanced media and recycled water.         















Inventors:

                            Moss, Andrew (Pocomoke City, MD, US)                




Application Number:

            15/259859        



Publication Date:

            03/09/2017        



Filing Date:

            09/08/2016        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            Planet Found Energy Development, LLC (Pocomoke City, MD, US)                




Primary Class:

71/10 




International Classes:

C05B17/00; C05F17/02; C12M1/107; C05F17/00 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20170066691                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20060130545Method of treating organic waste agent for treating organic waste and microorganisms to be used thereinJune, 2006Miyazaki et al.20100098781CARBONATE RADICAL-CONTAINING MAGNESIUM HYDROXIDE PARTICLE AND MANUFACTURING METHOD THEREOFApril, 2010Tachifuji20030015009Method for producing nitrogenous-potash fertilizerJanuary, 2003Dukhanin et al.20080190158Biofertilizer for treatment to improve growth of turf grass and method of developing the biofertilizerAugust, 2008Amy20090314046PRODUCTION OF A HIGH PHOSPHORUS FERTILIZER PRODUCTDecember, 2009Rieth et al.20030110821Process for manufacturing fertilizerJune, 2003Peacock et al.20080060402Chelated plant micronutrientsMarch, 2008Mitschker et al.20050274164Combination grass colorant and fertilizerDecember, 2005Coates et al.20060112749Soil amendment product and method of processingJune, 2006Noll et al.20070295046Method for Treating Extinguisher Powder Wastes, and Fertilizer Obtained from Such a MethodDecember, 2007Cassan20090211322Commercial Fertilizer Product and Method of Production ThereofAugust, 2009Skinner 















Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1.  An organic waste material processing system comprising: a pretreatment section including a waste material holding tank and a slurry-producing device configured to process organic waste material into a slurry; a waste processing section having a first waste processing part having at least one pressurizeable tank connected to the pretreatment section receiving slurry therefrom, a slurry temperature adjusting part and a first hydrocarbon capturing structure configured to capture hydrocarbon vapors produced by the slurry within the at least one pressurizeable tank at a predetermined temperature; a hydrocarbon vapor processing section configured to collect captured hydrocarbon vapors from the waste processing section; an electric power producing apparatus connected to the hydrocarbon vapor processing section configured to generate electricity using hydrocarbon vapor from the hydrocarbon vapor processing section, the electric power producing apparatus providing electric power to at least the pretreatment section and the waste processing section; and a waste post-processing section connected to the waste processing section and configured to receive processed slurry therefrom, the waste post-processing section being configured to produce salable organic materials, nutrient enhanced media and recycled water that is fed to the pretreatment section.                    
                    2.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 1, wherein the pretreatment section a second waste material holding tank configured to receive the slurry from the waste material holding tank and heat the slurry to the predetermined temperature.                    
                    3.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 2, wherein the second waste material holding tank includes a heating device and a heating manifold that at least partially surrounds a portion of the second waste material holding tank, the fluid heating device being configured to circulate heated fluid through the heating manifold.                    
                    4.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 1, wherein the waste processing section has a second waste processing part having at least one further pressurizeable tank connected to the first waste processing part receiving slurry therefrom, the second waste processing part including a second hydrocarbon capturing structure configured to further capture hydrocarbon vapors produced by the slurry within the at least the one further tank.                    
                    5.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 1, wherein the waste post-processing section is configured to produce salable organic materials, nutrient enhanced media in at least two distinct particle size fractions without the use of coagulants or flocculants.                    
                    6.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 1, wherein the slurry-producing device includes a grinding mechanism.                    
                    7.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one pressurizeable tank of the first waste processing part includes a pH monitoring and pH adjusting part.                    
                    8.  The organic waste material processing system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one pressurizeable tank of the first waste processing part includes a clean-out compartment for collecting precipitated debris.                    
                    9.  A method of treating organic waste, the method comprising: combining organic waste materials such as manure, food waste and crop waste with water; homogenizing the organic waste material and water producing a slurry reducing particle size of solids to no greater than 25 mm; heating the slurry to a predetermined temperature between 15° C. and 40° C.; digesting the slurry and capturing hydrocarbon vapors given off from digested slurry; and producing electricity from the captured hydrocarbon vapors thereby providing power to devices that effect the homogenizing of the organic waste material and heating of the slurry.                    
                    10.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 9, the method further comprising the homogenizing of the organic waste material includes at least one of the following operations performed on the organic waste material: passing the organic waste material through a grinder; passing the organic waste material through a shredder; and passing the organic waste material through a hammer mill.                    
                    11.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 9, wherein the heating of the slurry to a predetermined temperature includes heating of the slurry to a temperature between 25° C. and 40° C.;                    
                    12.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 9, wherein the digesting of the slurry and capturing hydrocarbon vapors given off from the slurry includes a first anaerobic digestion process and a second anaerobic digestion process.                    
                    13.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 12, wherein the first anaerobic digestion process includes feeding the slurry into a pressurizeable tank and adjusting the slurry to the predetermined temperature in order to promote microbially-facilitated hydrolysis and acidogenesis to produce the hydrocarbon vapors.                    
                    14.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 13, wherein the second anaerobic digestion process includes moving the slurry from the pressurizeable tank to another pressurizeable tank where the slurry undergoes further biological degradation at the predetermined temperature in order to reduce total solids and odor and mineralize nutrients and metals in the slurry.                    
                    15.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 9, the method further comprising a post processing process that includes separating the digested slurry into a dewatered organic material and produce recyclable water.                    
                    16.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 15, wherein the recyclable water is used in the step of combining organic waste materials with water.                    
                    17.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 15, wherein a post processing process that includes subjecting the digested slurry to a first pH adjustment in which mineral acids such as H2SO4, HCl, or combinations of mineral and organic acids are added to the digested slurry material in an optionally pressurizeable and/or temperature adjusted tank or a plurality of such tanks until the pH is at or below 6.0.                    
                    18.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 17, wherein after the subjecting of the digested slurry to the first pH adjustment, the resulting slurry is further processed by a first solids separation process in which particulate matter inherent in the slurry and larger than about 0.5-1.5 mm is removed via sieves, gravity screens, centrifuges, auger presses, or other dewatering devices to produce a stable, dewatered organic material and a filtrate.                    
                    19.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 18, wherein after the first solid separation process, the filtrate is processed in a second solids separation process, optionally facilitated by the addition of a filtration aid, in which particulate matter smaller than about 0.5-1.5 mm is removed using a mechanical or membrane-based dewatering device to produce a salable organic product and a second filtrate.                    
                    20.  The method of treating organic waste, according to claim 19, wherein after the second solids separation process, the second filtrate is subjected to a second pH adjustment process in which the pH is adjusted above pH 7 with a caustic chemical in an optionally pressurizable and/or temperature adjustable tank or plurality of such tanks to increase nutrient content and colloidize the soluble nutrients in solution, and the second filtrate is then subjected to a third solids separation process in which the colloidal material is removed using a mechanical or membrane-based dewatering device to produce a nutrient enhanced media and a recyclable water, which is then either reintroduced into a waste treatment process, used as a fertilizer, or directed towards a further membrane filtration process in which the salinity is reduced, resulting in recyclable water.                    
                    21.  An organic material comprising: nitrogen; phosphorus; potassium; and sulfur, an elemental ratio of nitrogen:phosphorus:potassium:sulfur in the organic material being approximately 5:1:2:3.                    
                    22.  The organic material according to claim 21, wherein a content of sulfur in the organic material is approximately 0.5% by weight on a dry basis.                    
                    23.  An organic product comprising: nitrogen; phosphorus; potassium; and sulfur, an elemental ratio of nitrogen:phosphorus:potassium:sulfur in the organic product being approximately 7:1:1:3.                    
                    24.  The organic product according to claim 23, wherein a content of sulfur in the organic product is approximately 1.3% by weight on a dry basis.                    
                    25.  The organic product according to claim 24, wherein an organic carbon content in the organic product is approximately 16.6% by weight on a dry basis.                    
                    26.  A nutrient enhanced media comprising: nitrogen; phosphorus; and calcium, a content of calcium in the nutrient enhanced media being at least 5.0% by weight on a dry basis, and a content of phosphorus in the nutrient enhanced media being at least 5.0% by weight on a dry basis.                    
                    27.  The nutrient enhanced media according to claim 26, wherein an organic carbon content in the nutrient enhanced media is approximately 4.7% by weight on a dry basis.                    




Description:

CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONSThis non-provisional U.S. patent application claims priority under 35 U.S.C. §120 to U.S. Patent Application No. 62/215,859, filed on Sep. 9, 2015. The entire content of U.S. Patent Application No. 62/215,859 is hereby incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.BACKGROUNDField of the InventionThe present invention generally relates to a process and system for treating organic waste materials. More specifically, the present invention relates to a process and system for treating waste materials that captures hydrocarbon gases and produces salable organic material and nutrient enhanced media in at least two distinct particle size fractions while recycling a reduced salinity water back into the system.Background InformationOrganic waste products such as chicken waste materials include high levels of nutrients, including salts and metals.SUMMARYOne object is to process organic waste material and produce useful products therefrom.In view of the state of the known technology, one aspect of the present disclosure is to provide an organic waste material processing system with a pretreatment section, a waste processing section, a hydrocarbon vapor processing section, an electric power producing apparatus and a waste post-processing section. The pretreatment section includes a waste material holding tank and a slurry-producing device configured to process organic waste material into a slurry. The waste processing section has a first waste processing part having at least one pressurizeable tank connected to the pretreatment section receiving slurry therefrom, a slurry temperature adjusting part and a first hydrocarbon capturing structure configured to capture hydrocarbon vapors produced by the slurry within the at least one pressurizeable tank at a predetermined temperature. The hydrocarbon vapor processing section is configured to collect captured hydrocarbon vapors from the waste processing section. The electric power producing apparatus is connected to the hydrocarbon vapor processing section and is configured to generate electricity using hydrocarbon vapor from the hydrocarbon vapor processing section. The electric power producing apparatus provides electric power to at least the pretreatment section and the waste processing section. The waste post-processing section is connected to the waste processing section and is configured to receive processed slurry therefrom. The waste post-processing section is configured to produce salable organic materials, nutrient enhanced media and recycled water that is fed to the pretreatment section.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSReferring now to the attached drawings which form a part of this original disclosure:FIG. 1 is an overall schematic view of an organic waste material processing system that includes a pretreatment section, a waste processing section, a waste post-processing section, and a hydrocarbon vapor processing section in accordance with a first embodiment;FIG. 2 is a schematic diagram showing a first part of the pretreatment section including a holding tank and a grinding device that produces a slurry in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 3 is a schematic view of second part of the pretreatment section including a pair of pressurize-able tanks with heat adjusting portions and pH measuring sensors that conduct a first phase of anaerobic digestion in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 4 is a schematic view of a first part of the waste processing section including a pair of anaerobic digesting tanks that each include a heat adjusting portion, a pH adjusting portion and hydrocarbon capturing portions in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 5 is schematic view of a second part of the waste processing section including effluent storage tanks that also include additional hydrocarbon vapor capturing devices in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 6 is a block diagram that schematically depicts the hydrocarbon vapor processing section showing a hydrostatic pressurization section, a desulfurization section, a desiccation section, an energy production section and a connection to an external power section for disposal of excess energy produced by the hydrocarbon vapor processing section in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 7 is a schematic diagram showing a first portion of the waste post-processing section including acid wash tanks and a first solid separator, the acid wash tanks being configured to adjust the pH of the slurry, the solid separator being configured to extract salable organic material and nutrient enhanced media from the processed slurry in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 8 is a schematic diagram showing a second portion of the waste post-processing section including a second solid separator, a filter membrane, a recycled water collection vessel, and salable products produced by the system in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 9 is a schematic block diagram showing a controller connected to various sensors, valves, temperature controllers and control mechanisms of the organic waste material processing system in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 10 is a flowchart showing basic steps of an organic waste treatment process performed by the organic waste material processing system, and in particular steps performed by the first part of the pretreatment section depicted in FIG. 2 including organic material grinding, diluting and slurry producing related operations in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 11 is a second flowchart showing basic steps of the organic waste treatment process including steps performed by the waste processing section such as a first phase of anaerobic digestion and collection of hydrocarbon vapors performed using the pressurizeable tanks in FIG. 3 and the anaerobic digesting tanks depicted in FIG. 4, and a second phase of anaerobic digestion and additional collection of hydrocarbon vapors performed using the tanks depicted in FIG. 5 in accordance with the first embodiment;FIG. 12 is a third flowchart showing basic steps of the organic waste treatment process in accordance with the first embodiment; andFIG. 13 is a fourth flowchart showing steps performed by the hydrocarbon vapor processing section in accordance with the first embodiment.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF EMBODIMENTSSelected embodiments will now be explained with reference to the drawings. It will be apparent to those skilled in the art from this disclosure that the following descriptions of the embodiments are provided for illustration only and not for the purpose of limiting the invention as defined by the appended claims and their equivalents.A description is provided below of a waste processing system 10. Thereafter, a description is provided for one combination of processes performed to process organic waste materials Mo using the waste processing system 10. Thereafter, a description of salable materials 22 produced from the processed organic waste material Mo is provided.Referring initially to FIG. 1, a schematic block diagram showing portions of the waste processing system 10 for processing the organic waste materials Mo, is illustrated in accordance with a first embodiment.The waste processing system 10 is a flexible system that can be used to process a variety of materials using a variety of processes. However, in the description below, one example of many possible combinations of processes that can be conducted by the waste processing system 10 is described. This combinations of processes described herein below make use of the waste processing system 10 to process and transform the organic waste materials Mo into the salable materials 22. It should be understood from the drawings and the description herein that the waste processing system 10 can be used to conduct any of a variety of combination of processing steps and operations, and is not limited to usage with the combination of processes described herein below.As used herein below, the term “organic waste materials Mo” can include any of a variety of materials. However, for purposes of understanding the invention, the organic waste materials Mo described below can be solid poultry or animal wastes including any materials containing a mixture of poultry or animal urine, feces, undigested feed, and optionally bedding material. Additionally, the organic waste materials Mo can include: different types of poultry manure such as litter (manure mixed with bedding material) or cake (manure with minimal bedding material); and/or different types of animal wastes such as manure mixed with bedding materials (such as in deep bedding systems for pig or cow rearing) or animal wastes with minimal bedding material (such as scraped or centrifuged manure or manure collected with belt systems); and or different types of organic materials such as food waste, agricultural waste, or industrial waste.As shown in FIG. 1, the waste material processing system 10 includes a pretreatment section 14, a waste processing section 16, a waste post processing section 18 and a hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20, which can be configured to produce the salable organic materials and nutrient enhanced media (salable materials 22), as described in greater detail below.FIGS. 2 and 3 show parts of the pretreatment section 14. Specifically, FIG. 2 shows a first part of the pretreatment section 14 that includes a pretreatment tank 14a and a particle size homogenization mechanism 14b. The organic waste materials Mo is fed into the pretreatment tank 14a via any of a variety of mechanisms. For example, a hopper (not shown) can provide the organic waste materials Mo to the pretreatment tank 14a, or delivery vehicles such as truck or tankers can directly feed the organic waste materials Mo into the pretreatment tank 14a. The particle size homogenization mechanism 14b can be any of a variety of pump/grinding mechanisms configured to reduce the overall size of the organic waste materials Mo by, for example, grinding, crushing and/or pulverizing the organic waste materials Mo thereby reducing the size of particle of compositions that make up the organic waste materials Mo. The particle size homogenization mechanism 14b can include a pump (not shown) that further moves and/or pumps the organic waste materials Mo such that the organic waste materials Mo is circulated around the pretreatment tank 14a. Hence, the organic waste materials Mo circulates through the pretreatment tank 14a via pumping and grinding action of the particle size homogenization mechanism 14b. Since grinding and pulverizing mechanisms are conventional mechanical devices, further description is omitted for the sake of brevity.The pretreatment tank 14a is provided with a hot water feed WH and a recycled water feed WR that may be one and the same. While the particle size homogenization mechanism 14b homogenizes the organic waste materials Mo thereby turning it into the slurry S, water is added to provide workability and flowability to the slurry S, as well as to aid in the various downstream processing. In other words, while the organic waste materials Mo are being reduced in size by the particle size homogenization mechanism 14b to a desired size, a slurry S is formed with the added water. A valve V1 can be operated to change the flow of the slurry S from recirculation within the pretreatment tank 14a to a releasing operation in which the slurry S is pumped via a conduit L1 to the next portion of the pretreatment section 14, as described further below.The hot water feed WH is a device that can raise and/or adjust the temperature of the organic waste materials Mo (and the subsequently produced slurry S) in the pretreatment tank 14a and dilute the organic waste materials Mo. Water passing to the hot water feed WH is heated by a heater H1 that can be a dedicated heater or can be a water heater that heats water provided to the various portions of the water processing system 10, as described further below. Flow of hot water through the hot water feed WH is controlled via a second valve V2. As is explained in greater detail below in a description of a first embodiment of an organic waste treatment process, the slurry S is further processed by the downstream portions of the waste material processing system 10. The hot water feed WH can be provided with municipal water that is heated by the heater H1 or can be supplied with recycled water that is also heated by the heater H1.In order to provide further control of the temperature and dilution of the slurry S produced within the pretreatment tank 14a, a separate water source can also be provided. Specifically, the recycled water feed WR can provide additional heated or unheated water fed directly into the pretreatment tank 14. The recycled water feed WR is controlled via a third valve V3. The source and production of the recycled water provided to the hot water feed WH and the recycled water feed WR is described in greater detail below.As an alternative to the heater H1, it is possible to provide the pretreatment tank 14a with a separate, independent heating system such as a water jacket or manifold (not shown) that surrounds the pretreatment tank 14a. The water jacket or manifold can be provided with a temperature controlled fluid that heats and/or cools the pretreatment tank 14a in order to achieve a desired temperature for the slurry S being produced within the pretreatment tank 14a from the organic waste materials Mo.FIG. 3 shows a second part of the pretreatment section 14. The second part of the pretreatment section 14 includes a pair of preparation tanks 14c and 14d. Each of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d includes fluid manifolds that surround each of the tanks 14c and 14d, with heat control systems H2 and H3 pumping temperature-controlled fluids to the manifolds. The heat control systems H2 and H3 can be provided with dedicated heat sources or can be provided with heat via the heater H1. Alternatively, the heater H1 and the heater control systems H2 and H3 can all be provided with heat from a single central heating device configured to service the entire waste processing system 10. Further, the heat control systems H2 and H3 can include refrigeration portions such that the heat control systems H2 and H3 provide heating and/or cooling the slurry S thereby providing control for bringing and maintaining the slurry S therein at a predetermined temperature or within a predetermined temperature range. The preparation tanks 14c and 14d are pressurizeable with upper portions thereof defining hydrocarbon capturing structures connected to conduits L9 which collect hydrocarbon vapors captured within the tanks 14c and 14d, as described in greater detail below. Each of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d further includes aeration devices A1 and A2 that are configured to provide air to the interior of each of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d. Each of the tanks 14c and 14d includes respective pH sensors S1 and S2, and reagent delivery mechanism P1 and P2. The reagent delivery mechanisms P1 and P2 can each be connected to both acidic and alkaline reagents for adjusting pH of the slurry S, if necessary. The reagent delivery mechanism P1 and P2 can also be connected to tanks (not shown) configured to retain alternative materials and/or reagents necessary for operating the waste processing system 10.The slurry S is fed to each of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d by the first conduit L1 from the pretreatment tank 14a. The preparation tanks 14c and 14d are connected to one another via a conduit L3 allowing flow of the slurry S therebetween, if necessary or desired. A valve V4 can be included in the conduit L3 to open or block flow through the conduit L3. An overflow conduit L4 can optionally be provided to one or both of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d. In FIG. 3, only the preparation tank 14d is shown with the overflow conduit L4, which directs overflow slurry S back to the pretreatment tank 14a, as shown in FIG. 2. However, it should be understood from the drawings and the description herein that both of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d can be provided with overflow conduits L4.In the preparation tanks 14c and 14d, the slurry S can be, for example, aerated, heated, cooled and/or undergo pH adjustments to achieve desired overall conditions of the slurry S, depending upon the combination of processes being employed. However, it is not necessary to utilize all of these capabilities of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d. Rather, the preparation tanks 14c and 14d are provided with the heat control systems H2 and H3, the aeration devices A1 and A2, the pH sensors S1 and S2, and the reagent delivery mechanism P1 and P2 in order to allow flexible overall usage of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d and the waste processing system 10. After all desired processing within the preparation tanks 14c and 14d has at least partially been accomplished, the conduits L5 and L6 and flow control valves V5 and V6 are provided to provide selective flow out of the preparation tanks 14c and 14d to the further downstream portions of the waste processing system 10. A pump (not shown) can be provided to draw the slurry S from the preparation tanks 14c and 14d through the conduits L5 and L6 for further downstream processing. Further, each of the tanks 14c and 14d includes a respective clean out section 14e and 14f used to routinely collect debris and clean out such debris.FIG. 4 shows a first part of the waste processing section 16, including pressurize-able digestion tanks 16a and 16b that receive the slurry S from the pretreatment tanks 14c and 14d via the conduit L6. Each of the tanks 16a and 16b includes respective heat regulating systems H4 and H5 for heating and/or cooling the slurry S in order to bring the slurry S to, and maintain the slurry S at a desired predetermined temperature or within a predetermined temperature range. The heat regulating system H4 and H5 can be supplied with stand-alone heating and cooling devices, or can be connected to a central heating device and a central cooling device that supplies temperature regulating fluids to each of the various tanks as needed or desired. Each of the tanks 16a and 16b includes a respective pH sensor S3 and S4 and respective reagent delivery mechanisms P3 and P4 that are supplied with acid and/or alkaline materials as needed, and are configured to deliver such materials to the tanks 16a and 16b in response to determining the need for a pH adjustment. The reagent delivery mechanisms P3 and P4 can also be connected to tanks (not shown) configured to retain bacteria, alternative materials and/or reagents necessary for operating the waste processing system 10. Since pH sensors and reagent delivery mechanisms, such as the respective reagent delivery mechanisms P1, P2, P3 and P4 are conventional mechanisms, further description is omitted for the sake of brevity.The tank 16a is provided with slurry S from the conduit L6 via a valve V7 and pump 16c. The pump 16c is connected to the tank 16a such that with the valve V7 in a first setting, the pump 16c can recirculate the slurry S out of and back into the tank 16a. In a second setting, the valve V7 is set so that the pump 16c draws the slurry S from the conduit L6 and into the tank 16a. A conduit L7 connects an upper portion of the tank 16a to the tank 16b such that slurry S can move from the tank 16a to the tank 16b. The tanks 16a and 16b are further provided with a water source via conduit L8. The conduit L8 can be provided with recycled water, fresh water or brine that can be unheated or heated. The tank 16b includes a pump 16d that is connected to the tank 16b such that with the pump 16d can recirculate the slurry S out of and back into the tank 16b. On an upper surface of each of the digestion tanks 16a and 16b there are a plurality of hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a that are also pressurize-able. The hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a are open to, or are in fluid communication with the interior of respective ones of the tanks 16a and 16b. The water and/or brine introduced via the conduit L8 can be configured to provide and build up hydrostatic pressure within the tanks 16a and 16b, as well as in the plurality of hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a. The hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a are configured to capture hydrocarbon vapors (gases) released form the slurry S, and deliver the captured vapors to the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20, as is described in greater detail below. The hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a are connected to conduits L9 that direct collected vapors to the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20. Each of the digestion tanks 16a and 16b can also include clean out portals 16e and 16f that are provided for receiving precipitated material for subsequent removal. The clean-out portals 16e and 16f are configured to with a door (not shown) that moves between a closed orientation sealing the clean-out portals from an interior of the corresponding one of the tanks 16a and 16b and an open orientation allowing flow between the tanks 16a and 16b. When in the closed orientation, the clean-out portal can be cleaned without interfering with operation of the waste processing system 10.The tank 16b is also provided with a conduit L10 that is configured to release processed slurry S for further downstream processing, as described further below.FIG. 5 shows a second part of the waste processing section 16. There are two effluent storage tanks 16g and 16h. The tanks 16g and 16h both receive the digested slurry S from the pressurize-able digestion tank 16b via the conduit L10. The effluent storage tanks 16g and 16h also include additional hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20b that capture hydrocarbon vapors released from the slurry S in a manner similar to the hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a and feed the captured vapors the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20 via conduit L11. Each of the tanks 16g and 16h includes a water feed via conduit L12. The conduit L12 can be provided with recycled water, fresh water or brine that is unheated or, alternatively, can be heated and can be configured to provide and build up hydrostatic pressure within the tanks 16a and 16b, as well as in the plurality of hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a and 20b. Each of the tanks 16g and 16h can include a pH sensor S5 and S6 and well as reagent delivery mechanisms P5 and P6 that are supplied with acid and/or alkaline materials as needed, and are configured to deliver such materials to the tanks 16g and 16h in response to determining the need for a pH adjustment. Processed slurry S leaves the tanks 16g and 16h via conduits L13.A description of the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20 is now provided with specific reference to FIG. 6. The hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20 includes a hydrocarbon capturing part 20c, a hydrocarbon vapor treatment part 20d and an energy production part 20e. The hydrocarbon capturing part 20c receives captured hydrocarbon vapors from tanks 14a and 14b, the hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a and the hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20b of the tanks 16a, 16b, 16g and 16h of the waste processing section 16 via the conduits L9 and L11. The hydrocarbon capturing part 20c can include a pump (not shown) or compressor (not shown) and storage tanks (not shown) that are configured to store pressurized gases in a conventional manner. The hydrocarbon vapor treatment part 20d can include any of a variety of vapor preparing features, such as a desulfurization apparatus and a moisture removing apparatus (desiccation). The hydrocarbon vapor treatment part 20d can also include a compressor (not shown) and storage tanks (not shown) for storing processed hydrocarbon vapors. The energy production part 20e can be an electric generator (not shown) that is fueled by the processed hydrocarbon vapors prepared by the hydrocarbon vapor treatment part 20d. Power produced by the energy production part 20e is used to at least partially power the electrical equipment 20f of the waste processing system 10, such as pumps, heaters, valves, and other electrically powered portions of the waste processing system 10. If excess electricity is produced by the energy production part 20e, it can be provided as external power 20g to a local electric grid. Conversely, if the electricity produced by the energy production part 20e is not sufficient to power the electrically powered equipment 20f of the waste processing system 10, external power 20g from a local electric grid can be used to power a portion of the waste processing system 10.A description of the waste post processing section 18 is now provided with specific reference to FIGS. 7 and 8. A first part of the waste post processing section 18 is shown in FIG. 7. The first part of the waste post processing section 18 includes acidification tanks 18a and 18b that define a first pH adjusting section. The tank 18a receives processed slurry S from the tanks 16g and 16h via the conduit L13. The tank 18a includes a pH sensor S7, a reagent delivery mechanism P7, an aeration or mixing device A3 and an outlet that is optionally connected to a pump 18d. The pH sensor S7 is provided to detect the current pH of the processed slurry S. The reagent delivery mechanism P7 can include a pH adjusting mechanism that is configured to selectively add either acidic material(s) and/or alkaline material(s) in order to adjust to the current pH of the slurry in the tank 18a and bring it to a desired pH level or within a predetermined pH range. The reagent delivery mechanism P7 can also be connected to additional reagent delivery devices, such as an anti-foaming agent delivery device. The aeration device A3 is provided to aerate the slurry S in the tank 18a, if necessary. The pump 18d is connected to a conduit L14 that feeds the slurry S into a first solid separation device 18e. The first solid separation device 18e is configured to separate solid portions and liquid portions of the processed slurry S. The first solid separation device 18e can be, for example, a centrifuge device. However, the first solid separation device 18e can be sieves, gravity screens, centrifuges, auger presses, or other dewatering devices. The solid portions separated from the processed slurry S by the first solid separation device 18e are fed into a hopper S8 and define stable organic material 61 that is described in greater detail below with reference to Table 1. The remaining liquid portions of the processed slurry S are fed via conduit L15 to the tank 18b where they are stored until fed via a pump 18g via line L16 to downstream portions of the waste processing system 10. Since solid separation devices such as the first solid separation device 18e are conventional devices, further description is omitted for the sake of brevity.The tank 18b provided with the processed slurry S from the first solid separation device 18e via the conduit L15. The tank 18b includes a pH sensor S8, a reagent delivery mechanism P8, an aeration device A4, a conduit L16 that serves as a water feed (if necessary) and an outlet connected to a pump 18g. The pH sensor S8 is provided to detect the current pH of the processed slurry S. The reagent delivery mechanism P8 can include a pH adjusting mechanism configured to selectively add either an acidic material and/or an alkaline materials in order to adjust to the current pH of the slurry in the tank 18b and bring it to a desired pH level or within a predetermined pH range. The reagent delivery mechanism P8 can also be connected to additional reagent delivery devices.The aeration device A4 is provided to aerate the slurry S in the tank 18b, if necessary. The pump 18g is connected to a conduit L17 that feeds the slurry S to the second part of the waste post processing section 18, as described further below.The second part of the waste post processing section 18 is shown in FIG. 8 and includes a second solid separation section 18h, a pH adjusting section 18i and an optional water filtration section 18k. The second solid separation section 18h can include a dewatering apparatus such as a dewatering skid or other similar device that can extract predetermined materials from the processed slurry S, thereby producing a salable organic product 62 and a nutrient enhanced media 63 (in separate operations), as discussed in greater detail below with respect to Table 1.The second pH adjusting section 18i can include a tank and/or a reactor provided with a pH sensor S9 and a reagent delivery mechanism P9. The reagent delivery mechanism P9 can include a pH adjusting mechanism configured to selectively add either acidic material(s) and/or alkaline material(s) in order to adjust to the current pH of the slurry S bring it to a desired pH level or within a predetermined pH range. The reagent delivery mechanism P9 can also be connected to additional reagent delivery devices, such as specific reagent delivery devices. The solid portions separated from the processed slurry S by the second solid separation section 18h in a second solid separation process are fed into a hopper S8 and define the salable organic product 62 that is described in greater detail below with reference to Table 1.The processed slurry S can optionally be recirculated back to the second solid separation section 18h if necessary via the conduit L17, for further liquid/solid separation in a third solid separation process. The solid portions separated from the processed slurry S by the second solid separation section 18h in the third solid separation process define the nutrient enhanced media 63 that is described in greater detail below with reference to Table 1. Thereafter, remaining filtrate from either the second or third solid separation processes can be fed to the optional water filtration section 18k, which can include, for example, a reverse osmosis apparatus (a filtration section that includes membrane filtration). Alternatively, the optional water filtration section 18k can be replaced with sieves, gravity screens, centrifuges, auger presses, or other dewatering devices. The water filtration section 18k can further include various water tanks (not shown) for storing the filtered water produced by the water filtration section 18k. The water produced by the water filtration section 18k produces water that is referred to above as recycled water to the various portions of the waste processing system 10, including the pretreatment section 14. Solids from the water filtration section 18k can also define the nutrient enhanced media 63, as discussed in greater detail below with respect to Table 1. Since membrane filtration systems, such as reverse osmosis apparatus, and water storage structures are conventional features, further description is omitted for the sake of brevity.A description is now provided of a control system that monitors the various sensors and controls the various valves, and feeds of the waste processing system 10. As shown in FIG. 9, a controller 40 is connected to all of the electronically controlled elements of the waste processing system 10, such as the pH sensor S1 through SN, the mechanism P1 through PN (and their corresponding reagent, acid and alkaline feed controls), the temperatures controls for the heater H1 through HN and each of the valves V1 through VN. Although not shown in the drawings, each of the tanks 14a, 14b, 14c, 14d, 16a, 16b, 18a and 18b can include a corresponding temperature sensor (not shown) that are all connected to the controller 40. Thus, the controller 40 is connected to the various elements of the waste processing system 10 and is programmed to operate the waste processing system 10 to carry out any of a variety of combination of processes.Basic Process StepsThe organic waste treatment processing system 10 performs the various steps outlined below.First, in a pretreatment process, the waste materials Mo (organic matter, e.g. manure, food waste, crop waste), are optionally homogenized with the addition of water/recycled water with mechanisms such as grinders, shredders, hammermills and equipment obvious to those familiar in the art. In this pretreatment process water and/or recycled water is added to form a slurry S which may be subsequently temperature adjusted to a predetermined temperature or temperature range between 15° C. and 40° C. and/or further homogenized with equipment such as grinder pumps, grinders and similar engineered devices to form the slurry S.Next, the slurry S resulting from the pretreatment process is treated in a waste treatment process that includes a first phase of anaerobic digestion (AD) and a second phase of anaerobic digestion (AD). The first phase of AD includes subjecting the slurry S to a predetermined air pressure and predetermined temperature using at least one pressurizeable tank or a plurality of tanks in which the organic waste slurry S undergoes microbially-facilitated hydrolysis and acidogenesis to produce hydrocarbon vapors and to condition the slurry for delivery to the second phase of AD. The second phase of AD include moving the slurry S into one or more pressurizeable and temperature adjustable tanks in which the slurry (the waste material) is biologically degraded at a predetermined temperature or temperature range to reduce total solids and odor and mineralize nutrients and metals in the slurry as a conditioning step for a subsequent waste post-processing process steps while producing hydrocarbon vapors that are captured in an hydrocarbon vapor capture process using a hydrocarbon vapor processing system.The waste post-processing process includes a first pH adjustment step in which mineral acids such as H2SO4, HCl, or combinations of mineral and organic acids are added to the digested slurry material in an optionally pressurizeable and/or temperature adjusted tank or a plurality of such tanks until the pH is at or below 6.0 in order to reduce pathogens, solubilize nutrients and metals, and destroy reserve alkalinity in the slurry.A subsequent step in the waste post-processing process includes a first solids separation process in which particulate matter inherent in the slurry S larger than about 0.5-1.5 mm is removed via sieves, gravity screens, centrifuges, auger presses, or other dewatering devices to produce a stable, dewatered organic material 61 (described further below) and a filtrate. Production of the filtrate effectively removes approximately 95% of the water/liquid from slurry S (and the dewatered organic material 61).Another subsequent step in the waste post-processing process includes a second solids separation process, optionally facilitated by the addition of a filtration aid such as, for example, diatomaceous earth, in which the filtrate from the first solids separation process is further processed by removing particulate matter smaller than about 0.5-1.5 mm using a mechanical or membrane-based dewatering device to produce a salable organic product 62 and a second filtrate made up of approximately 95% of water removed from the salable organic product 62.In yet another subsequent step in the waste post-processing process, a second pH adjustment process 54 in which the pH of the filtrate resulting from the second solids separation process is adjusted above pH 7 using a caustic chemical (NaOH, KOH, Mg(OH)2, NH3 or similar) in an optionally pressurizeable and/or temperature adjustable tank or plurality of such tanks to increase the nutrient content of the filtrate and colloidize the soluble nutrients in solution.In an optional subsequent step in the waste post-processing process, a third solids separation process in which the colloidal material from the second pH adjustment process is removed using a mechanical or membrane-based dewatering device to produce a nutrient enhanced media 63 that is discussed further below, and a recyclable water that can be reintroduced into the organic waste treatment processing system 10.Example of Specific Process StepsIn accordance with a first embodiment, a specific combination of processes conducted by the waste processing system 10 is now described with specific reference to FIGS. 10-13.As shown in FIG. 10, an organic waste treatment process begins at step S10 with the delivery of organic waste materials Mo to pretreatment tank 14a of the pretreatment section 14. As stated above, the organic waste materials Mo can be delivered via a conveyor, a conduit, or delivered by vehicles delivering the organic waste materials Mo to the pretreatment tank 14a. As shown at steps S11a and S11b, two inter-related operations can occur in either order (step S11a first, then step S11b or, step S11b followed by step S11a), or can occur simultaneously depending upon, for example, the condition of the organic waste materials Mo. Specifically, at step S11a, the organic waste materials Mo the organic waste materials Mo is pulverized, mashed or ground up by, for example, the particle size homogenization mechanism 14b. In step S11b, water is added to the pretreatment tank 14a in order to dilute and help liquefy and further homogenize the organic waste materials Mo in the pretreatment tank 14a. The water added to the pretreatment tank 14a can be hot water, recycled water, brine, as well as mixtures thereof. Next at step S12, the organic waste materials Mo continues to be mixed and pulverized, mashed or ground up by the particle size homogenization mechanism 14b and mixed with water such that the mixture of the water and the organic waste materials Mo is pre-processed into the slurry S.The addition of heated water at step S11b can begin a process of raising the overall temperature of the subsequently produced slurry S to a desired or predetermined temperature. The maximum particle size is variable depending upon the nature of the original organic waste material Mo. However, in the embodiments described herein, the maximum particle size within the slurry S can range from between 5 mm and 25 mm in overall diameter.At step S13, the slurry S is pumped by, for example, the particle size homogenization mechanism 14b, which can include a pumping capability, or by a separate pump (not shown) from the tank 14a to the preparation tanks 14c and 14d (FIG. 3). In the tanks 14c and 14d, the homogenized slurry S undergoes temperature adjustment to predetermined temperature. In the embodiments described herein, the predetermined temperature can be between 15° C. and 40° C., but is more preferably between 25° C. and 35° C. At the bottom of FIG. 10, the flow of processes moves to the depictions in FIG. 11.As shown in FIG. 11, at step S14, the organic waste treatment process proceeds with a first phase of anaerobic digestion of the slurry S. Specifically, as the slurry S is heated within the tanks 14c and 14d, the slurry S is put into a state where microbial facilitated hydrolysis (anaerobic digestion) can begin, or the progress of such anaerobic digestion is initiated. At step S14, the heated slurry S within the tanks 14c and 14d is digested and hydrocarbon vapors begin to form, as indicated at step S15 in FIG. 11. The hydrocarbon vapors such as methane can initially be collected from the tanks 14c and 14d. Since the slurry S is heated within the tanks 14c and 14d, the first phase of anaerobic digestion of the slurry S continues in the tanks 14c and 14d. The anaerobic action within the tanks 14c and 14d can result in a decreased pH to between 6.0 and 8.0 pH, which can be monitored using the pH sensors S3 and S4. The anaerobic digestion results in the production and release from the slurry S of hydrocarbon vapors such as methane, which can initially be collected from the tanks 14c and 14d. However, as the anaerobic digestion of the slurry S continues, the heated slurry S is moved to the tanks 16a and 16b for further capture of the released hydrocarbon vapors and to move to a second phase of anaerobic digestion, as indicated at step S16 in FIG. 11.Within the tanks 16a and 16b, the slurry S undergoes the second phase of anaerobic digestion (step S16), which can proceed naturally after an initial inoculation, since microbes and bacteria are present in the organic waste materials Mo. However, if the anaerobic digestion of the slurry S needs microbial or bacterial assistance in proceeding, various agents can be introduced into the slurry, such as Streptococcus sp., Enterobacterium sp., Pseudomonas sp., Bacillus sp., etc. Optionally, microbial organisms as mentioned above can be introduced along with optional micronutrients and elements such as B, Ni, Co, or pH adjusting chemicals such as Ca(CO3)2, NaCO3.At step S17 in FIG. 11, hydrocarbon vapors are collected in the tanks 16a and 16b via the hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a. During the second phase of anaerobic digestion within the tanks 16a and 16b, the pressure within the tanks 16a and 16b can have a gas pressure within a range of between 5 kpa to approximately 20 kpa. Since the tanks 16a and 16b are provided with the heat regulating system H4 and H5, the temperatures within the tanks 16a and 16b can be achieved and maintained at a predetermined temperature or within a predetermined temperature range of, for example, between 25° C. and 40° C. The anaerobic action within the tanks 16a and 16b can result in a further decreased pH, which can be monitored using the pH sensors S3 and S4. During the first and second phases of anaerobic digestion (steps S14 through S17), the hydrocarbon vapors captured by the hydrocarbon vapor capturing structures 20a and 20b are fed to the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20, as is described in greater detail below. The hydrocarbon vapors produced in the anaerobic digestion mainly include methane gas, but can also include small amounts of more complex hydrocarbon gases, including ethane and propane.As mentioned above, the microbial facilitated hydrolysis can proceed without addition of a bacterial agent, depending upon the nature of the organic waste 12. Specifically, organic waste 12, such as poultry or other animal related waste, naturally has various microbial agents in it. Therefore, the anaerobic digestion proceeds naturally, in particular, once the temperature of the slurry S has been raised to the above-mentioned predetermined temperature range. However, if an agent is needed, Streptococcus sp., Enterobacterium sp., Pseudomonas sp., Bacillus sp., etc. can be introduced. However, since this is a self-organized biological process only a small quantity of any bacterial agent need be introduced, if at all.The second phase of anaerobic digestion proceeds within the pressurizeable tanks 16a and 16b. Specifically, at step S16, the slurry S is moved from the tanks 14c and 14d to the tanks 16a and 16b. The tanks 16a and 16a are pressurizeable up to approximately 20 kpa. The tanks 16a and 16b can also optionally include the heat regulating systems H4 and H5.The second phase of anaerobic digestion facilitates anaerobic digestion of the organic waste material Mo and also proceeds at the above mentioned predetermined temperature or temperature range of between 25-40° C., and more preferably between 35-40° C. The organic waste material Mo in the partially digested slurry S can be further biologically degraded via the presence of or introduction of Pseudomonas sp., Bacillus sp., Syntrophomonas sp., Syntrophobacter sp., Methanobacterium sp., Methanosarcina sp., Methanococcus sp., Methanobacterium sp., etc. The further anaerobic digestion within the tanks 16a and 16b (step S16) reduces total solids in the slurry S, reduces odor and mineralizes nutrients and metals in the slurry S while producing additional hydrocarbon vapors that are captured by the hydrocarbon vapor capturing structure 20b (step S17 in FIG. 11). The captured hydrocarbon vapors are then processed by the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20.In steps S14 through S16 when the slurry S is moved into the tanks 14a and 14b, the slurry S preferably has a total solids content of 5-15% by weight and preferably approximately 10% by weight. Upon exiting the tanks 16a and 16b, the slurry S preferably has 2-12% by weight of solid material, and ideally approximately 6% by weight of solids. However, hydrocarbon vapors are released and captured in this portion of the process. It should be understood that the reduction in solids content during Steps S14 through S16 are the result of microbial degradation and the associated production of hydrocarbon vapors.As shown at the bottom of FIG. 11, the organic waste treatment process continues in the steps depicted in FIG. 12. After capturing further amounts of hydrocarbon vapors in step S17 in FIG. 11, the processed slurry S is moved to the waste post processing section 18 of the waste processing system 10. Specifically, the slurry S is moved to the effluent/acidification tanks 16g and 18a where it undergoes a first pH adjustment, as represented at step S18 in FIG. 12. At step S18, the processed slurry S is optionally heated and the tank 18a can be pressurized to between 0.0 kpa and 14.0 kpa (0.0-2.0 psi). Further, within the tank 18a, the pH of the processed slurry S is adjusted in the first pH adjustment step to a pH of between 3.5 and 4.5.At step S19, after the processed slurry S has undergone the first pH adjustment, the slurry S is moved to the first solids separation device 18e (for example, a centrifuge) where a solid portion of the slurry S is separated from a liquid filtrate portion of the slurry S to produce a coarse but stable reduced-pathogen organic material 61 in a first solids separation process. The organic material 61 is described in greater detail below with reference to Table 1.The first solids separation device 18e removes particles larger than about 0.5 mm to 1.5 mm from the slurry S and allows all particles smaller than about 0.5 mm to pass through the first solid separation device 18e as a first liquid filtrate. The first solids separation device 18e includes one or more of a sieve, a gravity screen, a centrifuge, an auger press, or any other suitable dewatering device that removes particles larger than about 0.5 mm to 1.5 mm, or any combination thereof. The liquid filtrate portion of the slurry S that leaves the first solids separation device 18e can include fine particulate organic matter suspended in the liquid filtrate.This first liquid filtrate then proceeds to a second solids separation process at step S20. In step S20, the first liquid filtrate from the first solids separation process is further processed in the second solids separation device 18h to remove particles smaller than about 0.5 mm to 1.5 mm to produce a salable organic product 62 and a second liquid filtrate. The salable organic product 62 is described in greater detail below with reference to Table 1.The second filtrate then undergoes, a second pH adjustment process in step S21 in the second pH adjustment section 18i. In the second pH adjustment step S21, the pH of the second filtrate is raised to a pH of between 8.5 and 11 to colloidize the soluble nutrients contained in the second filtrate in solution. For example, a caustic chemical (NaOH, KOH, Mg(OH)2, NH3 or similar) can be added to raise the pH of the second filtrate to suitable level to colloidize the soluble nutrients.After the second pH adjustment step, the colloidal material of the second filtrate is removed in a third solids separation process S22. In the third solids separation process (water filtration process), a second solids separation device 18h is used again but this time to remove the colloidal material produced in step S21 to produce a nutrient enhanced media 63 and a third filtrate. The nutrient enhanced media 63 is described in greater detail below with reference to Table 1.In an optional subsequent step S23 in the waste post-processing section, the membrane filtration process using the optional water filtration section 18k. can reduce the salinity of the third filtrate, resulting in a recyclable water 11 that is reintroduced into the organic waste treatment processing system 10.A description is now provided of the operations carried out by the hydrocarbon vapor processing section 20 with reference to FIG. 13. At step S24, the hydrocarbon vapors are captured and pressurized. At step S25, the hydrocarbon vapors undergo desulfurization. At step S26 the hydrocarbon vapors undergo desiccation to remove moisture. At step S27 the hydrocarbon vapors (compressed) are fed to electric generators (not shown) that produce electric power. The electric power can be used to power some or all of the electronic elements of the waste processing system 10. If sufficient electric power is produced at step S27 to run the entire waste processing system 10, any extra electricity can be sold and used to power external devices or can be supplied to a local electrical grid. Conversely, if insufficient electric power is produced at step S27 to run the entire waste processing system 10, electricity can be drawn from the local electrical grid.Optional ProcessesThe first solid separation device 18e of the waste post processing section 18 can be configured to extract specific compounds and elements therefrom such as phosphorus, nitrogen, and/or other predetermined materials from the slurry using the methodology set forth in Applicant's U.S. Patent Application No. 62/215,859, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. Further, the second solid separation device 18h of the waste post processing section 18 can be configured to extract water from phosphorus-depleted slurry. The waste post processing section 18 can include a reactor and a reverse osmosis water extracting system that extracts water, nutrients, salts, metals, and organic/inorganic material from the remaining slurry materials.ProductsAs mentioned above there are at least three categories of products that can be produced using the above. Applicants have compiled the data listed in Table 1 (below) that outlines the products.TABLE 1Product 61Product 62Product 63AvgStDevAvgStDevAvgStDevAs SampledTotal Solids25.4% 1.2%36.1% 3.0%34.9% 2.5%Fixed Solids 14.1% 2.4%68.0% 7.4%91.9% 0.0%(% of TS)Organic 49.8% 1.4%16.6% 4.1%4.7%0.0%CarbonSoluble Salts 2.5   —3.1   1.0   2.9   0.0   (ds/m)C:N Ratio20.9    —6.3   0.7   7.0   0.0   Elemental 3.3   1.9   9.4   4.8   0.1   0.0   N:P RatioFertilizer 1.5   0.8   4.1   2.1   0.1   0.0   N:P RatioBy Dry WeightTotal 0.9%1.3%2.9%0.5%0.7%0.1%Nitrogen(TKN)Total 0.2%0.2%0.4%0.2%5.0%0.7%PhosphorusTotal 0.3%0.3%0.6%0.3%0.4%0.1%PotassiumSulfur0.5%0.6%1.3%0.6%0.4%0.1%Calcium0.3%0.4%1.0%0.6%5.3%0.6%Magnesium0.1%0.1%0.2%0.1%1.8%0.4%Sodium0.1%0.1%0.4%0.1%0.5%0.1%Zinc0.0%0.0%0.1%0.0%0.0%0.0%Iron0.0%0.1%0.2%0.1%0.2%0.1%Manganese0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.2%0.1%Copper0.0%0.0%0.1%0.0%0.0%0.0%Aluminum0.0%0.0%0.1%0.0%0.0%0.0%Boron0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0% As shown in Table 1 above, the stable organic material 61 produced in step S19 has a an Elemental nitrogen to phosphorus ratio (Elemental N:P Ratio) of 3.3:1±1.9 and a fertilizer ratio of nitrogen to phosphorus (Fertilizer N:P Ratio) of 1.5:1±0.8. The organic material 61 also contains approximately 0.5% by weight of sulfur on a dry basis and has an Elemental N:P:K:S ratio of 5:1:2:3.Table 1 also shows that the salable organic product 62 produced in step S20 has an elemental ratio of nitrogen to phosphorus (Elemental N:P Ratio) of 9.4:1±4.8 and a fertilizer ratio of nitrogen to phosphorus (Fertilizer N:P Ratio) of 4.1:1±2.1. The salable organic product 62 also contains approximately 1.3% by weight of sulfur on a dry basis and has an Elemental N:P:K:S ratio of 7:1:1:3, while retaining organic carbon levels of 16.6%±4.1%.As shown in Table 1 above, the nutrient enhanced media 63 produced in step S22 has an elevated level of phosphorus and calcium (5.0%±0.7% and 5.3%±0.6% on a dry weight basis, respectively) and an Elemental N:P:K:S ratio of 2:12:1:1, with a very low organic carbon composition of 4.7%.Other LiteratureVan Slyke (U.S. Pat. No. 6,916,426) discloses to extract ammonium, phosphorus and potassium from an animal waste slurry to form ureates of potassium and ammonium in crystalline form. Van Slyke further discloses that a substantial amount of potassium is extracted as ureates of potassium using flocculation before they degrade. Therefore, the solid material disclosed by Van Slyke contains substantial amounts of the potassium, nitrogen and phosphorus that were contained in the original animal waste sludge. Our fertilizer phosphorus product material is low in potassium (e.g., potassium content of less than 1%) and low in nitrogen (e.g., nitrogen content of less than 4) because the acid treatment that we apply with our process would solubilize and destroy the potassium ureates, and the potassium remains in solution in the liquid extract. Our subsequent alkaline addition to the liquid extract reaching a pH between 8 and 11 does not recover significant amounts of the solubilized potassium that resulted from the destruction of the potassium ureates at acid pH. Therefore, our phosphorus fertilizer product contains low concentrations of potassium. In contrast, our process does not involve ureates; there is also no flocculation of our initial animal wastes prior to or during our acid addition and/or lime addition.The acidification of organic waste according to Szogi et al. (U.S. Pat. No. 8,673,046) is a three-part process that involves 1) phosphorus extraction, 2) phosphorus recovery, and 3) phosphorus recovery enhancement. These steps include the acidification of organic waste to a pH from 3.0-5.0, the settling of phosphorus depleted solids for removal from the waste stream, the precipitation of phosphorus by adjusting pH to between pH 8.0-11.0 using an alkaline earth based, and the removal of the precipitated phosphorus via settling and the addition of a flocculent. Our process differs in that it teaches the pretreatment and anaerobic digestion of organic material as a means of solubilizing nutrient and reducing pathogens in the original waste material. It further differs through the use of staged dewatering systems that, contrary to Szogi et al., seek to retain organic material beyond the first dewatering step in two distinct particle size fractions, and strictly avoids the use of coagulants or flocculants in any later-stage dewatering step. Critically, our process teaches the recycling of water from post-treatment to pretreatment.Thus, in view of the above, the process of the present application concerns (in part) the following:The various elements of the waste processing system 10 can be automated with electronically controlled valves, metering valves for accurately adding, for instance, acid, alkaline materials and/or water to the waste materials Mo and slurry, sensors for detecting, for example, temperature and pH, pumps, grinders, and other slurry and waste processing equipment. The automated control of the portions of the waste processing system 10 can be operated by a controller (not show). The controller preferably includes a microcomputer with a control program that controls the various sections of the waste processing system 10, as discussed below. The controller can also include other conventional components such as an input interface circuit, an output interface circuit, and storage devices such as a ROM (Read Only Memory) device and a RAM (Random Access Memory) device. The microcomputer of the controller is programmed to control the waste processing system 10. The memory circuit stores processing results and control programs such as ones for waste processing system operation that are run by the processor circuit. The controller is operatively coupled to the various elements of the waste processing system 10 in a conventional manner. The controller is capable of selectively controlling any of the components of the waste processing system 10 in accordance with the control program. It will be apparent to those skilled in the art from this disclosure that the precise structure and algorithms for the controller can be any combination of hardware and software that will carry out the functions of the present invention.General Interpretation of TermsIn understanding the scope of the present invention, the term “comprising” and its derivatives, as used herein, are intended to be open ended terms that specify the presence of the stated features, elements, components, groups, integers, and/or steps, but do not exclude the presence of other unstated features, elements, components, groups, integers and/or steps. The foregoing also applies to words having similar meanings such as the terms, “including”, “having” and their derivatives. Also, the terms “part,” “section,” “portion,” “member” or “element” when used in the singular can have the dual meaning of a single part or a plurality of parts. Also as used herein to describe the above embodiment(s), the following directional terms “forward”, “rearward”, “above”, “downward”, “vertical”, “horizontal”, “below” and “transverse” as well as any other similar directional terms refer to those directions of a vehicle equipped with the waste processing system. Accordingly, these terms, as utilized to describe the present invention should be interpreted relative to a vehicle equipped with the waste processing system.The term “detect” as used herein to describe an operation or function carried out by a component, a section, a device or the like includes a component, a section, a device or the like that does not require physical detection, but rather includes determining, measuring, modeling, predicting or computing or the like to carry out the operation or function.The term “configured” as used herein to describe a component, section or part of a device includes hardware and/or software that is constructed and/or programmed to carry out the desired function.The terms of degree such as “substantially”, “about” and “approximately” as used herein mean a reasonable amount of deviation of the modified term such that the end result is not significantly changed.While only selected embodiments have been chosen to illustrate the present invention, it will be apparent to those skilled in the art from this disclosure that various changes and modifications can be made herein without departing from the scope of the invention as defined in the appended claims. For example, the size, shape, location or orientation of the various components can be changed as needed and/or desired. Components that are shown directly connected or contacting each other can have intermediate structures disposed between them. The functions of one element can be performed by two, and vice versa. The structures and functions of one embodiment can be adopted in another embodiment. It is not necessary for all advantages to be present in a particular embodiment at the same time. Every feature that is unique from the prior art, alone or in combination with other features, also should be considered a separate description of further inventions by the applicant, including the structural and/or functional concepts embodied by such features. Thus, the foregoing descriptions of the embodiments according to the present invention are provided for illustration only, and not for the purpose of limiting the invention as defined by the appended claims and their equivalents. 





 

Previous Patent: HYBRID POLYMER COATING FOR PETROUS OR CERAMIC SUBSTRATES, PETROUS OR CERAMIC SUBSTRATE, AND OBTAININ...Next Patent: METHOD FOR PROVIDING AN INORGANIC COATING TO AMMONIUM NITRATE-BASED PARTICLES











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 












Planet Found Energy Development LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:00 AM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Planet Found Energy Development LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Planet Found Energy Development LLC owns and operates biogas plant that processes poultry litter to generate heat and electricity. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Pocomoke City, Maryland.


1732 Broad StreetPocomoke City, MD 21851United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 410-251-3510

planetfound.com







Key Executives for Planet Found Energy Development LLC


Planet Found Energy Development LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2COR9 LLC United States 8minutenergy Renewables, LLC United States 93LF 8ME LLC United States A & N Electric Cooperative, Inc. United States Abengoa US Operations, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Planet Found Energy Development LLC, please visit planetfound.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Planet Found Energy Development, LLC                                                                                     - Berlin                                            , MD         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



Berlin



Subdividers and Developers, Nec



Subdividers And Developers, Nec



                            Planet Found Energy Development, LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Planet Found Energy Development, LLC                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9727 BUCKINGHAM LN BERLIN, MD 21811
Get Directions



(443) 235-1344
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated MD
 Annual Revenue $298,783.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Subdividers And Developers, Nec
 Contacts Steven D Bolgiano                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Planet Found Energy Development, Llc                                                                                     was founded in 2011, and is located at 9727 Buckingham Ln in Berlin. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Steven D Bolgiano                                                                                                        at (443) 235-1344. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 
































Planet Found Energy Development, Llc 25709 Salt Grass Rd Millsboro De 19966 Tel 14102513510 | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Planet Found Energy Development
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  France






        See Planet Found Energy Development's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
1 U.S. shipment available for Planet Found Energy Development, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2013-08-21
See all 1 shipment record for Planet Found Energy Development with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Planet Found Energy Development
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Shenzhen Yuxin Technologies... 






1 supplier available
        


Top products


plant 





agriculture 






2 top products available
        





Contact information for Planet Found Energy Development


 

Address
Llc 25709 Salt Grass Rd Millsboro De 19966 Tel 14102513510

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Date
2013-08-21


Shipper Name
Shenzhen Puxin Technology Co. Ltd


Shipper Address
2ND FLOOR, BLDG 4, MASHA XUDA HIGH, TECH. INDUSTRY PARK, 49# JIAOYU, NORTH RD, GAOQIAO DISTRICT, PINGDI, STREET, LONG GANG SHENZHEN,


Consignee Name
Planet Found Energy Development,


Consignee Address
LLC, 25709 SALT GRASS RD, MILLSBORO DE, 19966, TEL: +14102513510


Notify Party Name
Planet Found Energy Development,


Notify Party Address
LLC, 25709 SALT GRASS RD, MILLSBORO DE, 19966, TEL: +14102513510


Weight
21144


Weight Unit
K


Weight in KG
21144.0


Quantity
141


Quantity Unit
PKG


Country of Origin
China


Details
21,144.0 kgFrom port: Yantian, ChinaTo port: Baltimore, Maryland


Place of Receipt
Yantian


Foreign Port of Lading
Yantian, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Baltimore, Maryland


U.S. Destination Port
Baltimore, Maryland


Commodity
Parts For Agriculture Plant & Machine \N Parts For Agriculture Plant & Machine


Container
EISU1879949EISU1884143


Carrier Name
ACS LINES


Vessel Name
EVER DELUXE


Voyage Number
0689E


Bill of Lading Number
ACDF20102114


Master Bill of Lading Number
EGLV149301754887







 



Buyers of similar products 
agriculture buyersplant buyers




Suppliers of similar products
agriculture manufacturersplant manufacturers




Buyers similar to Planet Found Energy Development

Specialized CanadaNational Dist Albuquerque







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








Our Story - GURU ENERGY





















































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 





































Our story




Gu-ru / ‘goroō /
Noun:
1. A mentor, a teacher, one who helps you move forward.
2. A source of inspiration and good energy.


GURU
A Story of Organic Growth
Ever since the early days, GURU has always been driven by this idea of crafting the best natural energy drink out there. Founded in Montreal during the summer of 1999 by four college friends, the company marketed the world's first all-natural energy drink.
More than 15 years later, this vision is not only fulfilled but is also thriving and expanding worldwide. GURU has become the #1 Organic Energy Drink in Canada and the US in the Health Channel thanks to a strong network of distribution partnerships and a passionate sales team. 
With research & development at the forefront of our expansion, GURU now tackles a new market and adventure with the recent introduction of our Energy Waters. This new line of product arrives just in time to satisfy a growing demand for organic sugar and calorie-free energy beverages.
In short, GURU has and will always believe that energy should not come at the expense of health. That is what has brought our company a steady and organic growth.
Our Philosophy
Through its corporate philosophy and its beverages, GURU gives good energy for people to make great things, reminding that, with the right dose of will, inspiration and energy, achieving great results is within everyone's reach. 
People today define themselves less by what they have and more by what they do and contribute to the world. Resourcefulness, imagination, inventiveness is today’s new currency. Whether using technology, natural ingredients or just plain common sense, people who Make it Good are the ones who seek to make everything better. We call them Makers.
They are pioneers that never settle. Makers, not followers. Crafters not manufacturers. Some may call them obsessed, exceptional or extraordinary people. But these are men and women who are true innovators, thought leaders and doers in their respective communities. They make the impossible possible.
To learn more visit our blog.



Luc Martin-Privat
Our Brew Master
Meet Luc our Brew Master. He is the brains behind GURU.  In fact, while he could have become your friendly neighborhood pharmacist, Luc had other dreams…
From the functional herbs he started playing with in his dad’s lab to his PhD in Pharmacology, Luc has mastered the art of blending botanicals, an art he is now applying to our beloved GURU.
Always on the lookout for smart organics from around the world, Luc is looking into the GURU recipe “Organically” to make it perfect everytime! And when he is not looking at new ways to craft our GURU, Luc is dreaming about new products!

 














Where To Buy GURU - GURU ENERGY





















































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 





































Where to buy



Online
  
United States



 
 
 
 














GURU Organic Energy Drink - GURU ENERGY































































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 




































 







GURUOrganic Energy
Buy Now








GURUEnergy Water
Buy Now








Crafted withnatural and organicingredients
See for Yourself 








Always sourcingthe best ingredients
Meet Our Brew Master










GURUOrganic Energy
Buy Now










 
















 




































BUY NOW








Originated in Eastern Asia.A powerful antioxidant. Its caffeine increases mental alertness and reduces fatigue.









Native to the Amazon.Increases mental alertness, stamina, and reduces fatigue.








Originated in Eastern Asia.Traditionally used to boost energy as well as mental and physical activity.






Native to Eastern Asia.Improves memory and reduces fatigue.






Native to the Eastern and Central North America.Stimulates the immune system.









About Us
Good Energy. Smart Organics.We believe there’s a smarter way to provide you with good energy to fulfill your greatest dreams and aspirations. Crafting GURU with natural and organic ingredients is how we do it.

Read our story












15 Jun 2017 • 290
8 Amazing Surf Spots You’ve Never Heard Of
The world is full of exciting surfing spots but what about the ones that are rarely in the limeli...
Lifestyle

Read More









Make it happen
With the right dose of inspiration and energy, anything is possible. Check out these innovators, creators and mavericks in their quest to make great things.


Latest post











front











Warning: include(/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102

Warning: include(): Failed opening '/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102









Products – GURU Organic Energy


























 











Search

Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


Shopping cart
close








FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ORDERS ABOVE $25



Cart
Checkout
My Account
 








Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


 








close





Search







Cart (o)

0
/
$0.00



















Showing 1–12 of 14 results

Filters




Sort by


Default


Popularity


Average rating


Newness


Price: low to high


Price: high to low


Sort by Sales Rank



 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink 12 oz (12-pack) – Low Calorie USDA Organic Vegan Energy Boost



$32.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$48.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$52.12

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12), Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash



$32.99 $31.58

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99 $9.96

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, 12-Ounce, Variety Pack (12 count)



$29.81 $29.60

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (24 count)



$52.34

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Pomegranate, 12-Ounce (24 Count)



$52.89

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Sparkling Water with Green Tea Infusion, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Natural Energy Drink, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12)



$32.01

Add to cart 






















 Scroll To Top
















DON'T MISS OUT!
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Be the first to learn about the latest news and get exclusive offers.
 
Email address: 



entry_postcode







 




We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. 

Accept







GURU ENERGY




















































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 





































Reviews




 


Amanda B.
California





has a slight citrus taste, gave me the boost i needed without the crash.  much rather drink this than red bull, rockstar or monster as this is organic!  found my new favorite energy drink pre-workout or just when i'm dragging on certain days.  also it doesn't have a ton of calories, big plus! 
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






yin c.
California





I like the taste ! but bI don't drink energy drunk too often. That's why I'm not going to purchase the product.  But I do recommend people to try and  then they can decide for themselves.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Erick L.
California





This product was tasting and refreshing. It helped provide energy. I'm not sure of the importance of it being vegan for an energy drink though.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






kiven c.
California





The good things I like about this energy drink is very low in calorie and it is organic which I really love because I don't really see any energy drink that is organic. 
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Vianey G.
California





Unfortunately I did not receive the coupon for this in the mail. However, I did try it when I saw it at Sprouts. I liked the flavor but I am not so sure if it helped with my levels of energy. 
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Soila G.
California





The taste is good but the price to get it is so expensive, and is hard to get this product isnt easy to find it in the stores and when you find it dont have to many flavors
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


jeremy G.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks, but this one is an exception to the rule. It's organic, low calorie, non-GMO and contains ingredients that I can actually trust.  I did not experience a crash afterwards. I read that this has to do with the fact that they use naturally-occurring caffeine from Green Tea and Guarana. I don't know why you would drink any other energy drink than this. Definitely loading up on these again soon! Great price not expensive at all!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erob J.
California





Great Taste and quite a Boost. Perfect for tired driving or late night Study! Have quite a few friends that love GURU also and it's Organic.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tiffany M.
California





Definitely better tasting than something like Red Bull---and just as importantly, better smelling.  I can't be the only person who gags at the smell of Red Bull....  In contrast, this stuff is much more palatable, less artificially sweet, and doesn't leave that horrendous aftertaste coating your tongue.    It's harder to find than Red Bull, so when you see it, stock up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






cybastian d.
California





it gave me a great boost to start my day for it was very energizing and what really caught my eye was that it was only ten calories! TEN!    #try natural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Crystal S.
Oregon





I liked the taste and the fact there was no after taste. Seems like a healthier alternative to the rock star drinks I usually drink. The ingredients make it for a less guilty feeling when drinking an energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stephanie S.
California





The product that I used was guru.  I love this product because it's organic all-natural and has no aftertaste or side effects. I would definitely recommend this to all my friends and I will purchase it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Esmeralda E.
California





Delicious with minimal to no crash! I did not feel jittery like I did with other energy drinks! Will definitely purchase again, especially for the 3PM slow...
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lk s.
California





Try Guru Organic Energy drink for organic energy and natural caffeine!  You will like it very much.   It is vegan, non-gmo verified and gluten free also
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Sarah B.
California





Great taste and sustained energy. I really enjoyed this product and how it did not make me jittery like many others will. I will be purchasing again for sure!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jason B.
California





Product has good flavor. But not a fan of energy drinks, however if I did enjoy energy drinks I would is this regularly. While I wouldn't. It this product I would recommend to friends that use energy drinks regularly.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Dila K.
California





It tasty gave me energy I would recommend it to others if you want a natural energy drink I also have gotten it for free but that has not swayed my answer
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Natoshi D.
California





I thought the taste was wonderful. It is nice to see an organic energy drink that burst of flavor.  And is lightly carbonated this is definitely a great drink when you need that extra pep.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Talia H.
California





The energy drink is great to drink in the morning to get rid of the grogginess after a late night. I doesn't bring you up as high as caffeine, but it settles in with your current mood as a stabilizer.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Linda K.
California





Good tasting for an energy drink.  It didn't give me a big rush nor a big crash at the end either. Just a nice drink.  I'd drink it again. Thanks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Geri P.
California





For being a healthier option of energy drink it tasted great! I tried both original and lite.  Crisp, refreshing, and low calorie! I can't wait to buy this again! Thanks!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Adriana F.
California





I loved this energy drink. It really did give me that boost of energy. When going down it didn't hit me as hard as red bull or monster drinks do. #trynatural #gotitfree
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cecilia O.
California





Good product i will recomend it to friends and family to buy  good product i will buy more yay good product  to buy for friends and family thanks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






CHARLES B.
California





Having only tried this once in my life, i was shocked at how well it tasted! It didn't feel super heavy with sugars and carbs like alot of energy drinks can feel like after consuming. I let my coworker try some, he said he really enjoyed how well it tasted. I would probably purchase in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rachel J.
California





Flavorful, lightly carbonated, and provides a burst of much needed energy.  Clean energy without the jitters. I love the organic, natural ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Eva T.
California





Purchased at Vons. Metallic taste and didn't notice an energy boost at all. A bit overpriced and more of a niche product, than a nutritional function type beverage.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Brandy M.
California





Pretty good flavor. It did give me a bit of extra energy to get me through the day. Overall, I liked it. I would recommend this drink to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jhaala C.
California





Tastes soo good I loved the great taste. It is very organic. The drink does give you an immense amount of energy. Its only 5 calories its just FANTASTIC!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Belen L.
California





I enjoyed the drink! I used it an hour before my workout and it helped me through my workout! It helped me feel energized throughout my workout as well. I would definitely use it again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kimberly V.
California





Much lighter and not as sweet as other similar drinks. That it is organic makes it even better. Normally I can not drink energy drinks - but I had no problem finishing this one!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Zin L.
California





Great taste! I love organic energy drinks. 
Very low calories and vegan. Also gluten free so whoever needs the gluten free energy drinks, it's here.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Deborah R.
California





I don't drink energy drinks often, mostly because they don't typically taste great and I drink coffee already. However, I was impressed with Guru. I couldn't put my finger on the flavor at first, but reading the ingredients it was the green tea that leaves a mild aftertaste, kind of like matcha. The nose is citrusy and refreshing. That said, although I stayed perky after drinking it; I would say it's safe for people who only drink caffeine moderately to drink it too, and if you're dead tired it might not make much of a difference. It only has caffeine from the tea, so not at all the "crack" type of artificial energy drink like a Monster or Red Bull, which I think taste gross and are horrible for you!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


mark w.
California





This brand really holds up to the competition. It has great flavor and balance. Plus its better for you then any other energy drink. I would definitely recommend this product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gayle P.
California





This had a pleasant taste and was refreshing after running around all day. It seemed to give me a little energy to be able to stay awake on my date later that night.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lindsey C.
Hawaii





Looks super good. I forgot about the coupon and found it after the coupon had expired. I did end up buying one and it was really good. I loved the flavor and it kept me energized for hours.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dawn J.
California





Enjoyable !! It was a very tasty and light flavored drink.  I usually do not drink energy drinks, but this one was great. I like the fact that it is organic and non GMO !! Gave me a little boost to get threw the day. I would recomend Guru Energy drink to family and friends.  Try it you'll like it !!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michael C.
California





I really enjoyed this drink wasn't overly sweet the right balance of sweetness.  Lite refreshing drink that I would add into my daily lineup
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Darlene G.
California





I love this yogurt it is so good it was sweet and yummy I would eat it every day good for a quick snack and heath snack at that it was soooo delicious
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ronni H.
California





At first glance, I enjoy the packaging. It convenient and perfect for on the go. I definitely enjoyed the taste, it was smooth and refreshing which is a rarity in the energy drink market. I love that it's organic and actually gave me natural energy so I will be adding it to my shopping list to keep on hand!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Melissa E.
California





It had a taste like nothing I've tasted before. For being organic, and I'm not a big health nut or would remotely grab anything off a shelf that said organic on it, but it wasn't half bad. I'd purchase again if I needed a pick me upper and health drink in one:0
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Aurora E.
California





The taste was good and it gave me energy without making me feel jittery. It was difficult to find at first but now I am seeing it around a lot.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maria N.
California





Honestly, I much rather drink this organic energy drink rather then regular energy drinks any day! However, I do not normally drink energy drinks. I prefer to drink my regular vitamins and eat healthy food to get my source of energy for  my days. The taste was okay, I do recommend for those who like to drink their source of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Grace A.
California





No crash, great taste in simple words. Was surprised at the good taste. No aftertaste. Would definitely recommend and purchase again in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Candace E.
California





loved the taste! definitely helped me through my day and had no crash to it.  Not too easy to find but worth the small drive. ill be replacing my usual energy drinks with this one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


LeShaunese F.
California





I was great tasting. I went and purchased myself because I never recieved any thing from social nature for this product. But I did enjoy the product. It gave me a good push of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brotin D.
California





I was extremely pleased with the taste of this drink. There was no bitterness unlike other artificially sweet drinks. The plus point of this drink is that its organic, low calorie and contains ingredients that are not harmful to the body. The caffeine in this drink is derived from natural sources like green tea. So I can have as many drinks I desire without feeling guilty. I tried the Lite version of the drink. The only negative point for this product is the price. Costing around $2 per can is quite expensive!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Irene M.
California





Goodbye monster and Red Bull, no need for Starbucks! This wonderful energy drink was not bitter or too sweet like other energy drinks can br
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stacie J.
California





i haven't had an energy drink in years, but i decided to try the Guru lite version with no sugar. I was not too bad, i would buy it again when I'm feeling a bit sluggish
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Roselie Z.
California





Wow! ORGANIC ENERGY DRINK! I was surprised when i heard there's a healthier alternative for an energetic drink. This one didn't fail me. It really did kept me awake driving long hours. Thanks for giving me the chance ti try it for free. This is my honest and unbiased review
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Andrea E.
California





When it comes to energy drinks, I always prefer to have a more natural drink. With the chemicals and fake flavor of many competitors, this is definitely a healthy alternative to give you that boost you need in your day.  This drink did not give my an amped up feeling or jitters, which I always appreciate. It honestly is a drink I would purchase again. I hope this can pops up on more stores' shelves.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Edgar G.
California





Very organic, had the right amountb orb erthang. I would recommend. I needb to fill these characters up and yeah so I will keep going to bypass this
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Connie L.
California





Tasty and refreshing with a perfect dose of caffeine. I love that's it's low calorie and has naturally occuring caffeine. This is great for a pre or post- workout beverage.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dan H.
California





I like the fact that it's organic and made of quality ingredients. But to be honest, the flavor is not the best I have ever had. I may come back and try it again in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Melody G.
California





Taste surprisingly good! It actually works witch i want expecting. I work retail so Im running from one end if the store to the other. I think I'd but this over Nos.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sarah T.
California





It is a pretty good drink. Taste isn't bad. The only complaint is that I had to go to a certain store  (that is not near me)  to use coupon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Melody K.
California





This was actually the first energy drink I ever tried! I was a little skeptical at first but I thought it was delicious! It was a lovely soda, lots of carbonation, no aftertaste (kind of like a citrus apple cider with tea) but there was a little too much sugar. I pay attention to carb intake as I am Type 1 Diabetic and there was quite a bit of sugar...too much for my taste. I don't even think it needed it but it was still yummy!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


LA C.
California





I'm not big on mainstream energy drinks, so I'm happy that there's a more natural organic variation. I probably won't drink a ton of them, but I would probably try to convert people from drinking big brand energy drinks to drinking GURU. I was happy to find the product provided being sold at Sprouts.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Jasmine C.
California





I really enjoyed drinking this energy drink, i love how it has only 10 calories! Everyone should try this organic, vegan and non-gmo drink. Why isn't this the new thing ? Gatorade should not be the energy drink people chose.  I loved how it boosted me up when I'm trying to get things done without having to worry about the down fall.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nadean C.
California





Great little zing! Would totally buy again. Not flat and it doesn't have carbonation like I'm used to with most energy drinks. Flavor can be compared to a mild sprite minus all the fizz.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kara M.
California





Tastes great! Gave me energy without a crash, but a little difficult to find to purchase. I will purchase some more in the future. Also love that it's organic!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alyssa M.
California





I enjoy that they create organic energy drinks because it's all straight from the source and you wouldn't have to worry about any unnecessary add-ons.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






wendy p.
California





This drink was good, it did not make me feel jittery. I just wish there would be flavors! 😉 Other than that I would recommend this product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lizbeth G.
California





The organic energy its self has an amazing taste at first i was alittle weird about it like should i try it or not but then on the first sip it was really yummy it tasted great. It honestly gave me so much energy, im an active person, i workout, i do alot of things in my day like any other super busy person. I think i would buy it again but im not the type to rely on energy drinks i just wanted to try it to be honest. I would definitely recommend it to any person that needs some extra energy to cope with their day. This is a product that does exactly what it says.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






carmen s.
California





Very good drink that is relatively healthy. Tasted great and made me feel even better! I will definitely be buying this product again in the future!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marybeth M.
California





Tastes great, I got about 2-3 hrs of energy; not as much as a red bill but way better flavor. I found it at sprouts otherwise hard to find..
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Patricia B.
California





Great!  Tasty!  It was much like other energy drinks I've had.  I definitely worked for me.  I would buy it.  I would also recommend it to others.  I did get that tired feeling a couple hours after drinking it, but this is something I get with all energy drinks.  I like that it's organic
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Andrew W.
California





Great, all natural. It gave me great energy for the gym without the nasty sugar crash of other energy drinks. It was also the best size, portable yet enough to give me the proper boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Annie A.
California





The taste was very good sweet and refreshing great for a pre workout! I loved the low calorie count it was so light and the bottle size made it perfect to take in my small purse ♡♡♡♡
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Laura H.
California





Love this drink . Have bought it several times since sampling.  Gives u energy and doesn't make u crash.  I love Guru. Thanks for having me try it ;)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jasmine W.
California





I thought the taste was pretty good and over all product didn't make me jittery.  I would recommend to family and friends for sure. I wish they sold in other flavors
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michelle D.
California





I like how this drink is organic.  It tastes a little bit strange to me, but not bad.  It gave me energy but didn't make me feel jittery like some energy drinks.  I would get this again when I need a boost of energy and want something organic!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Thearry L.
California





This energy drink is actually pretty good tasting, it doesn't feel heavy after I drink it and I feel better drinking it because it doesn't have ingredients you wouldn't want in your body. Overall, I would recommend this.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gaby G.
California





Muy dellicioso producto. No es facil de conseguír en cualquier tienda ..lo que me gusto de este peoducto es que no es como los otros que te dan energía un rato y luego te dan sueño.no esta bebida energética no es asi tiene un sabor muy suave y delicioso te da energia pero no te da sueño despues del efecto de la cafeina ...muy buen jugo!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Irene W.
California





The taste was better than regular energy drinks. After reading the packaging, I felt better about what I was consuming. Price was a bit high but it does seem to have alot of good things about the product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Laura F.
California





i love it, i never try before  and now is my favorite.........................................................................................................
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






valerie s.
California





The taste is not as intense as other energy drinks and I like that. I also like that it is organic, but I think I would like some more choices for flavor. Overall it was a pretty good drink and I might buy it again in place of my other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alexis D.
California





This energy drink was an excellent pick-me-up for my after lunch slump.  Although I wasn't fond of the taste it did a great job of giving me a boost of energy without the jitters.  I would still recommend to a friend.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Justine B.
California





I loved it all around, the taste, the energy was long without a hangover feeling the price is right even though I got mine free! Thank you this will be the first energy drink I'll be grabbing off the shelf!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Carolina C.
California





Great flavor and low in calories. I love the fact that guru energy drink contains natural stimulant such as green tea and guarana seed which also contain antioxidants. I would absolutely recommend this product and will buy it again in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brian R.
California





I was a bit hesitant to try an energy drink as I'd heard some of them make people jittery or make their heart race as side effects. But I decided to give this one a try. I drank this on a day of work that I knew would be busy, and it definitely made a difference. I felt very energetic, and I luckily didn't get any bad side effects. It tasted very good too. Would definitely recommend!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kiara S.
California





I usually don't buy energy drink but this one was great.  So glad it was vegan as well because it's hard to find vegan drinks and foods sometimes.  It's definitely worth trying and I will recommend to friends or family members who are bug energy drinkers.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tina M.
California





I love this drink it tastes really good. It did not make my heart race and gave me a lot of energy. I plan to buy more soon and tell my friends and family about it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kevon J.
California





I loved the orange flavored organic guru energy drink. I liked that it wasn't overly sweet like other energy drinks and it had the right amount of caffeine to keep me energized throughout my busy day. I would definitely use it again!😃
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Claraine R.
California





Loved it! Did not give me the jitters, and I felt that jolt I needed at 2pm from my work day.  I also love that it is an organic energy drink with no crash!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jeannevaharryjjbo L.
California





I loved the Guru Orgainic Energy Drink! It was very tasteful and gave me energy! I would definitely recommend this product! I will be buying it again really soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Helena M.
California





It gave me a good amount of energy, didn't make me jittery. The taste wasn't excellent, but it definitely didn't taste bad. Would definitely buy again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


maryann B.
California





I am not a big fan of energy drinks but I could tolerate this one.  I liked the fact it was vegan and did not have a chemical aftertaste due to the fact its organic.   If I were to drink energy drinks often this is the one I would drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ezekiel F.
California





At first sip & each one thereafter the slight tart popped on top om tongue. This drink is very enjoyable. I highly recommend this for myself & others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kimberly V.
California





The taste was good and I felt the boost in my energy when I really needed it! I'm glad I had a chance to taste this product.  I definitely would purchase in the future.#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cheyenne P.
California





I liked rmthat this product is organic, gluten free and it comes in a lite version. It gave me good energy and it tasted good. It's a nice alternative to other energy drinks that does not have good ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


susan I.
California





it's pretty good has a nice taste not like a lot of the others that bitter. and they have a nasty after   taste. i like my coffee in the morning but sometime it upsets my stomach.  but with the a can of Guru  gets me going and e-z on my stomach . a great pick me up after lunch .  i keep a couple cans of guru  in my work truck .. there not to bad warm or even hot . a good way to help get you going when you not have any get up and go .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jennifer C.
California





I love this organic energy drink. Usually when I drink energy drinks they either keep me up to long or they taste really nasty but I like Guru
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


jeff j.
California





The energy was clean with no crash,it's organic and no negative effects which are all great.The only issue I had was the taste,to me it wasn't very good.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Monine Z.
California





It tasted very good. Not to medicinal like I have found a lot of other energy drinks................................There is really nothing else to say
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erin L.
California





Great taste! Doesnt have that obvious "energy drink taste" to it. Very tropical and refreshing.
I didnt notice any "crash" from it eitherb also about the same price as a red bull of the same size would be.
Definitely buying again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Julie A.
California





I really liked it! I like the fact that you can find an organic energy drink! It quenched my thirst on a hot summer day & gave me a boost of energy! Thanks again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


KristaLee W.
California





Energy producing and tasty drink. I found it a little too strong for me but I am very sensitive. I recommend as an alternative to higher caffeinated energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






peg p.
California





I enjoyed the taste of this organic drink and would definetly let everyone know about it.  I used this in the morning for all day energy burst.  I would buy this for the energy it gave me.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Keely G.
California





I really liked the taste of the Guru Energy Drink.  This energy drink did not give me the jitters like other energy drink.  It gave me the energy boost I needed to last throughout the day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Charles R.
California





Great taste, and good level of energy supplied throughout the day, definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get a boost through their day with naturally occurring caffeine.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Hannah C.
California





I was pleasantly surprised with the overall energy factor of this drink. It tastes much like that of Redbull, but without the tendency of giving you a throbbing headache. I was quite thrilled with the amount of energy I obtained from a single 8.4 fl oz serving. It does taste much like most traditional energy drinks, a bit canny and tin-like but the energy you get is well worth the metallic taste. I can actually see myself purchasing this on a regular basis. 5/5 stars for sure!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






MARICEYA S.
California





this is my boyfriends favorite energy drink. it taste like gummy worms!! the drink has an excellent taste and very effective. i enjoy this drink and will repurchase over and over and over
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Carolina H.
California





I love everything about Guru energy drink. I got the original flavored one, and I really enjoyed the taste.  I drank it before my workout, and I noticed an increase of energy. I felt very energized without feeling jittery. The ingredients are wonderful without any added junk.  I plan on always having some, for when I need a pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Daniel C.
California





As someone who is always on the run, I like having a large variety of different energy drinks to fuel my day as a substitute for coffee. I tried the GURU organic energy drink out and liked that it didn't taste like the typical energy beverage with the taurine flavor that is so prevalent. Generally if you're putting caffeine into your body, you'd like it to be as unadulterated as possible. I like that the ingredients used in the drink are organic, gluten-free, and NON=GMO verified.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jackie L.
California





I am usually not an energy drink kinda person but this one tasted better than expected.  The taste is not that strong but I did feel the energy boost within 15 mins of drinking.  I didn't experience a crash feeling or jitters.  I think the taste could still use some work but overall very good drink.  Will continue to buy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Charmaine L.
California





Very interesting that this is an organic energy drink. I really like the concept. I never would have imagined there would be an organic, vegan, gluten-free, non-gmo energy drink - and with so few calories too!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gina S.
California





I tried the original and the lite version. They were both surprisingly delicious! There was no unpleasant aftertaste and no jittery feeling.  I actually enjoyed the lite version better.  The taste was light, crisp, clean and citrusy. I will only buy this brand of energy drink from now on.  Organic, no artificial ingredients and delicious...what could be better?
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ankush P.
California





Good in taste and one can feel instant energy after drinking it. Taste appears to be better than monster or red bull.  definitely worth the money spent.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marriah M.
Missouri





I would absolutely buy a Guru if I need a blast of energy. This drink is small and packs a punch! I felt energized naturally and it lasted a long time with no noticeable crash. Also the taste was amazing! Definitely going to buy another one soon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michelle T.
California





Guru Organic Energy Drink is delicious. I was not overwhelmed with carbonation like other energy drinks. I felt good and ready to conquer my chores. It was a good, clean energy. Other drinks weigh me down, give me the shakes and than I burn out after a while. Guru is my new favorite organic energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Karina G.
California





I'm not much an engery drinks kind of person but when I do need a lift of engery I like to drink something that is not super high in sugar or have a list of ingredients I can barely pronounce. Guru engery drinks did the job for when I needed an extra boost. As far as taste go I find it similar to the other drinks I had before. If one is in need of an extra boost of energy and prefer something that is organic Guru is the way to.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






erich k.
California





The first thing I did when I bought this product was read the ingredients. To my surprise I could read all the ingredients and there was no caffeine. I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning everyday for work. I'm usually a little tired. About two hours into the workday, this particular work day,  the first thing I did was drink the guru light. I did not feel tired all day and did not feel overly energized.  Plainly said, I felt normal and this was good for me.  That means the drink did what it was supposed to do.  I don't think I'D  drink it everyday but I will definitely keep a few spares around for days when I play hockey until midnight and have to work at 5 in the morning or days where I'm working all day and I need that extra push to get me through. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Teresa L.
California





delicious and feels so good for you! gave me boundless energy ready for the day. now I can't go back and must continue with guru. #guru4ever
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dean L.
New York





Couldn't believe it was only 10 calories but also organic! It tasted well for me (being a energy drinker). Helped me get through one of my final days and helped me when writing a paper!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christopher P.
California





It helped me where other drinks have failed and i have liked the taste of it i would recognize it to my friends and family that and maybe even people who i dont know
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Art L.
California





Well first time trying this organic energy drink and I have to say I enjoyed the taste coming from drinking R*d b[ll I now switched to Guru for one its cheaper its organic and the taste I actually like. I picked a perfect day to get it early morning I was tired not feeling it after drinking it took awhile but I felt better and awake . Since then I have bought some and now drink it when I need it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christy P.
California





Finally an organic energy drink,  loved it. I like the fact that it has natural caffeine and non-GMO. I don't feel guilty drinking it. I recommend this product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lisa G.
California





I tried the lite version of the drink and was pleasantly surprised. It tasted similar to other energy drinks but I didn't get the crash after the energy boost like I do with some brands
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Natasha Z.
California





It was refreshing and better tasting than the name brand ones out there. Knowing it is vegan, non-gmo and organic is a big plus for me when looking for a canned drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Yvonne A.
California





GURU Organic Energy Drink was very good and refreshing! It was also a nice pick me up and really energized me! I love that it is organic.  You should try it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Karen S.
California





I had a good experience with this energy drink.  I got the lite version.  It gave me a nice, smooth boost.  Nothing crazy...No twitchy craziness!  Just a light lift in energy and mood.  The only thing I didn't like was the slightly weird aftertaste.  It wasn't horrible or anything.  It was just a little weird.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






nicole w.
California





Loved thathe this is not full of garbage chemicals.  If your looking for a boost and do not like coffee it does the job.  I wouldn't purchase all the time but when the mood is right it definitely gives a boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Camilla M.
California





My husband has been gluten-free for almost two years and while I do blend my own gluten-free flour at times, sometimes I'm just pressed for time and looking for an off-the-shelf GF flour that acts like regular flour. This is it!! I used this to make some gluten-free gingerbread cookies and I wanted them to hold together like regular and not be too crumbly. This worked well. I will definitely buy this brand again when I need GF flour in a hurry!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kristin M.
California





Good drink, good flavor. I like that it is organic-- which most energy drinks aren't. I would definitely buy this and recommend it to a friend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Catherine M.
California





I love it! It taste like a popular mainstream version without all the yucky stuff! It's not too sweet but it tastes great at the same time and it gives me energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erika M.
California





It really does work it gave me the right energy with out the crush. The taste is ok maybe not my favorite when it comes to taste it kinda left me an after taste.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Victor K.
California





never had an organic energy drink before, but i have to say it was pretty good, i would def try other flavors if they had anyone who's never tried an organic energy drink give it a try you may be surprised   #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Susan L.
California





I'm not much of an energy drinker but I actually tried this when I lacked sleep and needed to stay awake for my work and it actually worked. I love that it's natural!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lesli G.
California





I was hesitant about this and expected some wierd taste or consistency - but I was VERY pleasantly surprised.  It even passed my boyfriend's test!  Thank you - I would not have tried it without the coupon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






terry L.
California





not bad , took the edge off of my lagging feeling without having a big buzz or a crash . It tastes pretty good , and took away tired feeling. I know I'm repeating but these reviews want 140 characters which can be a challenge .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


tina s.
California





I tried the Guru Organic Energy drink, I liked it, it was tasty, and it did give me more energy. The best part of it is it is Organic. I will by this for now on.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michelle M.
California





Pretty good taste. I like that it is organic no bad ingredients and only 10 calories per can. This is a healthier way to get a pick me up when you need it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shanette N.
California





When I had first seen the product, I did not know if it will give me the energy that I need for my work day. So I went ahead and got one and I have to say that this drink did give me the right amount of energy that I needed for my work day. This is one product I will be purchasing again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shamika C.
California





This energy is nothing like the others. It doesn't have a bad after taste and it doesn't give me the jitters. Just a little goes a long way.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cassie D.
California





I have never heard such things like organic energy drinks. The drink is just like redbull only it's cherry flavor. I'm not a big fan of cherry flavored drink, so I would not consider buying Guru in the future. But for people who like cherry flavored soda, Guru might be a go-for energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






susan w.
California





I typically do not drink energy drinks other than coffee but I really love Guru organic energy drinks. Its a great pick me up, it's refreshing and organic.  I also love that its low calorie.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


John K.
California





I was trying to find a substitute for coffee and I believe I found the right one in this product.  I like the fact that it's all natural and gives me the right kick when I need the extra energy.  I will definitely be purchasing this in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Danny B.
California





Best energy drink ever.  No jitters no weird come down and it tastes good. Green tea extract guarana, ginseng and echinacea is the combo they nailed it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Elana H.
California





I appreciated the fact that this drink was made with natural products - I felt both more alert and awake after drinking this but it was not an artificial sugar induced buzz and I did not crash immediately afterward as I do with most energy drinks. Tasted like a standard energy drink which is the one thing I would like to see improved - not a big fan of the citrus taurine flavor.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rhonda C.
California





Really loved the guru. Great flavor. Will definitely purchase again. I have already recommended to several friends. Great product, didnot taste of strong multi vitamin. A real plus in my book.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Trina M.
California





Oh wow its so good, its way better than the other engery drinks that are on the market. This one is way better and the taste is awsome. It doesnt leave the nasty after taste like rockstar, redbull does. I highly recommend this to people its so yummy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






randall v.
California





I bought the original flavor and I fell in love. The taste is clean and refreshing. I have tried many energy drinks and so man taste like chemicals and give stomach aches. this left me wanting  more. I didn't get jittery but I did notice the energy boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Carri D.
California





Got the Lite drink so it did not have all the extra sugar in and was pleasantly surprised that the taste was enjoyable.  Will let others know that they should give this drink a try.  Liked the energy boost without all the jitters.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mary C.
California





I like the taste of this drink.  It has sort of a fruity flavor and I like that it is organic.  I tried the low calorie drink and would prefer this over other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Edmund M.
California





The overall taste is very mild. The ease of drinking this beverage is commendable. It tasted like a natural drink and not like the artificial ones. The energy content is okay since I am an avid coffee drinker, I did not feel as energized as I would if I drank coffee. I also enjoy the fact that is it organic and naturally derived.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Andreina L.
California





I taisted good and it didn't make me jittery usually energy drinks make me feel that way, so i was glad. It was a great energy boost i would definitely buy it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kayla L.
California





Very fresh and delicious. Tasted less like an energy drink and more like an all natural sparkling beverage.  I loved the flavor of it, and my boyfriend liked it too.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Angelina L.
California





great taste and flavor, kept me up for 5 hours and it didnt give me that sugar or jittery rush that most caffaine and energy drinks give me.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Shannon N.
California





I really enjoyed the Guru organic energy drink. I didn't feel any crash and the taste was really good. I liked that it is only 5 calories for the Lite so I didn't feel guilty drinking an energy drink. It helped me stay energized enough to get through the work day after a long night. I would definitely buy this and recommend to a friend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Vernita R.
California





Very tasty plus it kept me going through the day very smoothly without any crash i love it i found this product at my whole foods store so its convince for me definitely will buy a few more when I'm having a dragy day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


julie m.
California





One of the best! The flavor is light and tasty, like a sparkling grape juice. Delicious! No bad aftertaste, I would drink this everyday! Try it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Chuck E.
California





Instant energy! I was surprised by the immediate up I got after downing half of this drink. And it stayed with me long enough to make it through a long sermon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christa F.
California





I was somewhat skeptical about this product, being a consumer of the energy drink that gives you "wings".  But I was very surprised when I took that first sip.  Yummy!  And unlike that shaky, jittery feeling I get from that other product I just felt alert. I tried the original GURU, and I loved the taste and I will definitely be buying GURU in the future!  Yummy!  #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Barbara T.
California





Wonderful product! Great taste with no after taste.  The Lite has only 5 calories which makes it very inviting for those of us who are weight conscious. The price is great for us who are on a budget. I highly recommend this quality organic energy drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Carolyn G.
California





I tried the GURU Lite and found it refreshing. It really did give me a boost, and I appreciate that it is low calorie, and features only natural, organic ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Wil W.
California





I definitely think Guru is among the tastier of energy drinks out there. Much better when it's ice cold. The kapow effect is very subtle.  Best enjoyed as a sipper type of drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ada K.
California





I recieved this energy drink to sip and review.  I really enjoyed this drink because it was low in calories, and actually worked! I also liked that it's not full of nasty chemicals like other drinks on the market! I hope to see this sold at more places and will reccomend to my friends
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Karin I.
California





I love that this product tastes great and is organic and non- GMO! It gave me lots of energy to get all the items completed on my To Do list!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maggie G.
California





Wow, this is definitely one of the best tasting energy drinks out on the market.  It has a really nice, sweet flavor to it, and has zero aftertaste.  You can definitely taste the white grape juice, but it's not overpowering   I definitely felt it starting to work immediately, which I also enjoy with energy drinks, as I like to sip them over the course of my afternoon.  I would definitely buy this one again as it was in the same price point as my other usual energy drinks.  I would also recommend it to a friend if they wanted a sweet, pick-me-up to keep them going,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Camille Z.
California





I usually don't use energy drinks because of the flavor but I tried the Guru Organic energy drink and thought it was a step above the usual Red Bull or Monster drinks.  Upon reading the list of ingredients, I was pleased to see that they were all natural.  I was surprised to see echinacea listed as an ingredient, which I felt was a nice alternative to unpleasant tasting vitamin supplements.  My store did not carry the sugar free variety, so I had to settle for the 30 grams of sugar that came with the regular version.  It was very sweet, but the actual taste was good and I liked the level of carbonation.  I didn't get the jitters nor did I have the "crash and burn" that I would have expected with this type of drink.  I did not drink it all at once, but rather had it throughout the second half of the day, which is usually when I start feeling tired.  If I can find the sugar free version, I will definitely try it.  I do have to limit my caffeine intake, but for those occasions when I absolutely must have an extra boost, a cold sparkly Guru sounds like a great alternative to an iced coffee or tea.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


carol s.
California





Best natural energy drink I've tried yet! Although I love the  taste of sodas, I'd rather choose an healthier option even if taste is compromised. However, Guru is an amazing alternative because it tastes great. Also gets me moving like the Energizer Bunny!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Katherine C.
California





I found this at my local Safeway store in the energy drinks aisle and it was easy to locate.  I like the fact that it is organic and great tasting too.  It did not give me a jolt like caffeinated drinks.  Move over coffee I have found my replacement drink!  I would definitely recommend this to friends!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jan W.
California





The taste is okay. Personally I like the taste of red bull and monster energy more. The effect is good - I could really feel it. Reasonable price as well.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ashley M.
California





It wasn't as bad as I initially thought. It doesn't have that funky after taste some energy drinks leave. Definitely going to buy more. Also will be letting my friend s know about it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Hania R.
California





This organic energy drink gave me the right amount of energy minus the crash! Great taste, and I highly recommend this product to all my friends and family.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lenisha W.
California





I do not drink energy drink often, although I really could benefit, because of all the harmful ingredients. I love that Guru Energy Drink is organic and natural. It tastes great and is not too strong. So glad I was able to try it. It kept me going when I needed it most!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lori L.
California





I got my coupon for a free, full-size can of Guru Organic Energy Drink and I was very impressed!!! I love the taste, it didn't have a thick aftertaste, was light and refreshing and I chose the full flavor drink!! I believe in Organic products wholeheartedly so finding Guru's Energy Drink contains Organic ingredients and gives me that extra boost of energy is exactly what I look for and appreciate!! I would very much recommend Guru Organic Energy Drink because it offers a Quality product without all the other unnecessary Chemicals found in other Name Brand Energy Drinks!!! So Thank you Guru!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Josephine C.
California





Tasted good I got the original Guru energy drink. Love the carbonation and its nice to know that it is organic. Definitely better than many other alternative energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Charity R.
California





it is a sweet drink, first time trying a organic drink wasn't expecting the way it tastes which is pretty good. I think people should try new things like food n drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Bing Y.
California





I love that it's a tasty energy drink that's organic, non-GMO, gluten free, and powered by naturally occurring caffeine. I'd keep some in the car for a fast energy boost when I have to drive long distance.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Liliana M.
California





The best organic energy drink I've tried ever. I normally can't drink energy drink becasue it gets me real jittery and anxious and the after effect is worse. With Guru I just didn't feel tired no jumpy feeling or anxious it was perfect
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erica J.
California





Love the taste and energy it gave me. This is my new favorite drinks. This ignores great with my low carb diet. Can't wait to buy some more!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stephenson H.
California





Absolutely refreshingly awesome...no nasty after taste, energy packing goodness!!! It was actually, a nice, smooth, easy on the taste buds, and surprisingly healthy energy drink that actually works much better than the competition.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Heidi W.
California





This is a great all natural, organic, vegan energy drink! I love that it is caffenated naturally. It only has 5 calories! That is my favorite partt! Tastes great and is affordable! Find at yoru local natural foods store!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


linden l.
California





I really liked how it tasted and it kept me going through the day. The fact that there is a gluten free option for my energy drinks is always a wonderful thing.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alison F.
California





Finally found it!! Thinking that maybe it would amp me up too much..but it really didn't,gave me just enough to get through my night at work!! Definitely will put this on my shopping list!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nicole M.
California





They were out of the regular, so I bought the light version instead.  It was still very tasty and kept me energized throughout the afternoon.  I would definitely buy this beverage again when I need another pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Trish S.
California





The taste was very light and a little fruity, very pleasant.  It did not taste harsh or acidic like some other energy drinks do. And I felt more energetic after drinking it. I would definitely recommend it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cathy M.
California





I had a really hard time finding it but it's good I like it, i'm usually don't drink energy drinks ,but when I do I'm going to drink this this one when I do .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Natalia D.
California





Delicious, no overly sweet flavor that gives you a steady energy. It's closer to drinking a lot of green tea (no jittery energy and no crashes). I love that is also light in calories!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


osvaldo s.
California





Very very delicious drink. The taste of this product is amazing has a unique taste.  I will definitely purchase this product in the future for sure.  I gave some to my best friend and he liked.  He was surprised
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Daisy T.
California





This energy drink is low on calories with a decent aftertaste and flavor and contains great natural ingredients! A much better alternative to other energy drinks on the market
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dmitriy P.
California





Excellent Energy Drink! I am not an energy drink drinker but after trying this organic energy drink, I will definitely be drinking more of it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Julie S.
Ohio





Great tasting. Felt good to drink it. The flavor was outstanding and would definitely recommend this to everyone I possibly could. Thank you very much
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lorna J.
California





Guru Organic Energy Drink was very delicious and has natural Caffeine and since trying it, I have become a repeat customer and I also tell my co-workers If they want a 'Natural Energy Drink' with just the right amount of Caffeine that GURU doesn't give you the jitters, and it is Vegan of course and I totally recommend Guru, so please give it a try and I'm sure you'll also become a fan! I really Enjoy the Fruity Taste, and my co-workers see that I'm drinking GURU, and they start asking me about it. Haha, now my friends are also purchasing GURU, and I'm glad to say that they learned about it from me which makes me Happy! I am definitely a True GURU Fan, and *If you want more Information on GURU Organic Energy Drink(They Also Have a "Lite" version)Just Hashtag: #trynatural and #gotitfree ,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sharon B.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks because of all the artificial ingredients but I liked Guru because it's organic, low calorie, non-GMO and contains healthy  ingredients like Guarana and Green Tea. There was no initial energy jolt and no hard crash, did not experience any brain fog either.  A little bit too sweet for me but my son liked it, he usually drinks Monster Zero.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Inna V.
California





Very pleasant taste! The product stays cool for a while due to the container. Glad to have tried it! Would highly recommend to buy it because you will not be dissapointed.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jessica Y.
California





This was a pretty strong energy drink ! I was surprised for it being organic. I'm interested in trying the lite version . They were out when I went which means people must like it !  No more 5 hour energys for me !
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Anna Tasha B.
California





Loved loved loved! I have gluten sensitivity. The only caffeine drink if I would let my son drink this would be it. Great flavor. I would love to have a case if this to share with my friends and family. Would like to try any other products by this brand.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jennifer T.
California





I don't drink energy drinks often. I've tried some other brands of regular energy drinks, but this drink tasted the best out of all of the ones i've tried. Not only is it healthier for you because it is organic,  but the taste is very light and refreshing whereas regular energy drinks taste heavy. The combination so ingredients makes this drink taste very delicious. This drink is definitely effective in terms of sustaining energy. I highly recommend this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Hans P.
California





I really enjoyed this energy drink. I try not to drink them too often, but I felt better about this one because it was organic. It gave me the energy I needed to get through a tough day. Plus it tasted great.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cassandra D.
California





Guru Energy Drink is one of a kind. This drink smells great. The taste is a little on the bitter side. This is my personal opinion. It does have echinacea flower extract, in which I do like. I feel an organic energy and no jitters at all. I like this drink. It is an acquired taste though.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jenna S.
California





This is probably the one of the better energy drinks I've had. The taste is unique.  No sugar crash or artificial sweeteners. It gives a good pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Pearlene U.
California





"This is my new favorite! It tastes gentle and has sparkling carbonation that I enjoyed but not too much as those fake drinks. I also didn't get too wired up. I was able to fall asleep that evening without a problem.  Wonderful to have an organic energy drink that I can rely on now and after!"
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jennifer B.
California





I loved it!  It tasted more like a soda, rather than the odd energy drink flavors that most other energy drinks have.   I will be buying this again and trying the diet version as well, that has much less sugar.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Susi P.
California





Not a beverage I would choose for flavor, but a great option as a light an energy drink.  I like that its organic and Non-GMO Project Verified.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Esther G.
California





Works very well to keep me energized throughout the day. Also great that it's organic! I've never seen something like this before. Excellent product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jessica W.
California





I love the taste and I'm excited to say that it is all natural. I don't like the energy drinks that put things in it that I have no clue if it's good or bad.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christine N.
California





I bought the Original version -  because I had read reviews on Amazon saying that it was better-flavored.  It had a nice fruity-citrusy taste, and wasn't overly sweet.  Since I usually buy low or no-calorie energy drinks I am used to a different flavor profile.  I got a nice "kick" from this drink, and it helped keep me stay alert during a long-distance drive.  I also appreciate the organic ingredients, since a lot of energy drinks are full of all sorts of "junk".  Will definitely buy this again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






tameika m.
California





This was a very refreshing drink that surprised me. I had so much extra energy but nothing to do with it
 I loved the flavor and I will be recommending to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Terry C.
Montana





Loved the can!  Great taste!  It was much better than other energy drinks I've  tried.   All the taste, all the energy and no crash afterwards!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Davita M.
California





i had a  friend taste this with me and we had to go back and buy another can. the taste was great and i loved that it was orgnanic. i cant wait to tell my friends about it. it didnt keep me up and jittery.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Samantha k.
California





I actually thought this energy drink was really good. Honestly, one of the better ones I've tried. And of course I love the fact that it's natural.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rebecca F.
California





different, dont know how i really feel about it. i will tell friends about it but im going to stick with my monster energy drink. also kinda pricey for me as a college student as well.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


blossom r.
California





it's nice to have an energy drink option that's not full of chemicals. good taste, good serving size and just enough energy. highly recommended
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tracy M.
California





This energy drink gives me the best body wake up without the jitters! I was also happy that it is made with organic ingredients, as I am now more opt to buy this than other sugary energy drinks. The flavor is great compared to other drinks. I am willing to make this my energy drink of choice! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


KIMBERLY R.
California





It's great that there is a gluten free, vegan and organic energy drink option for those that adhere to specific diets. I don't usually purchase these types of things, and while it tasted ok I wouldn't buy it, but I would suggest it to others.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Jennifer F.
California





I got this beverage as part of testing through social nature and came complimentary. I liked this beverage and I am starting to like organic products. These products have to taste as though they are not good for me. This product opened my eyes with a refreshing taste and wished I'd known about this one sooner. I have recommended this to my friends and will continue to purchase.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Myisha W.
California





I opted for the original as opposed to the lite. I've had several other brands of energy drinks in the past, and Guru definitely has a cleaner slightly refreshing taste. I like that guru is made with organic cane sugar, which surprised me as other drinks I've had can leave a artificial taste. The drink also contains sparkling water, organic white grape juice, and organic green tea leaf extract which is a great naturally occurring caffeine. Guru organic energy drink definitely holds its own when it comes to energy drinks and I would definitely purchase again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Janeth A.
California





I easily found this at the store. I opted for the original. When I got home I immediately put it in my chiller so that I could try it right away. I didn't even read the can. I opened it and was pleasantly surprised that it was carbonated. The taste was not overly sweet... it was JUST right. I am not a fan of things that are TOO sweet.  The flavor was slightly fruity, like a mild version of a candy, again, not too sweet.  After about 10 minutes I started feeling more awake and alert. I love that it didn't get me pumped or jittery. It gave me the perfect amount of energy for it to feel natural. I would absolutely​ purchase this again. I never liked energy drinks, but GURU changed my mind.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Melissa T.
California





I dont often drink energy drinks because Im often weirded out over the chemicals put inside it.  It's nice to see theres a natural form of energy drink out there!  I probably wont purchase often since I dont normally drink energy drinks but Im sure I will buy it sometime in the future
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rebecca D.
California





It has a little too much Stevia taste but is good. It tastes more like a juice than an energy drink. I like that the lite is only 10 calories. I like the high caffeine content compared to other energy drinks. I also like that there's no taurine.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lisa G.
California





I liked Guru Organic Energy very much. I'm pretty sensitive to caffeine so I was worried about how I would react to this drink, since a cup of coffee makes me jittery. This gave me energy without the jitters - awesome!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Resa T.
California





I got the Lite version & kind of wish I got original instead. On the positive side: it certainly did not have the artificial sugary or metallic lingering taste like red bull or rock star or monster did. It also did keep me energized so thats a plus. 
However, this version had a light soda taste that was kind of fruity (which I am personally not fond of).
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


samantha d.
California





I was pleasantly surprised by the taste. I expected it to not be pleasing but it tasted really good. I also liked that it didn't give me a crash after taking it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Hyatt A.
California





This energy drink was interesting, definitely different from your regular monsters or rock stars! But totally in a good way, it was more fizzy and had a nice fruity flavor.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Benton H.
California





Taste is better than Monster energy drinks. Refreshing and energizing with just the right amount of caffeine. Very low calorie and perfect for anyone that needs a little boost without harmful additives.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






shantel d.
California





I was glad I had this on hand as I ran out of coffee. It has a decent taste and gets the job done.  I do prefer flavored energy drinks but this was still really good. I will buy more of them in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


MARYCHILES P.
California





Guru Organic Energy Drink...love it, & will be MY ENERGY DRINK GURU from now on. What reeled me in was yummy soda flavor, & its organic!!!

MUCH MUCH LOVE!!!!
#My Energy Drink Guru is Mos'def'ly 
  Guru Organic Energy Drink
#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sergio R.
California





I thought it was good too much sugar though..........  Will think about buying it.... Not sure yet..........................................
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


jessica b.
California





AWESOME!!! I LOVED THIS ENERGY DRINK & I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE & EVERYONE. IT HAS A NICE CRISP REFRESHING TASTE THAT CAN BE ENJOYED ANY TIME. I WISH THIS DRINK WAS AVAILABLE AT MORE STORES.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stacy L.
California





Great organic energy drink for a quick and easy pick-me-up for those 3 pm slumps.  I tried the LITE one; they also have the non-LITE version.  Tasted great and I would definitely buy it again for my longer work days.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Edyta S.
California





I am not a fan of RedBull or coffee, but i like caffeine in other forms, so i decided to try Guru. I was pleasantly surprised, because it has wonderful taste. It is not as overwhelming as RedBull, it is more natural, fruity and refreshing. And the energy in it brought some muracles - on lazy and rainy Sunday afternoon, i did not have much hope to achieve anything, but... with Guru, i completed tasks and chores i was procrastinating about for weeks. The only thing to be aware of: if you live in Bay Area, this drink will cost you hefty tax. I was surprised it has the tax penalty for soft sugary drinks!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rae M.
California





it taste good , quality product. def worth trying. since its organic its better product against the many others out there.  try it, taste it. worth it. Guru
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brigette D.
Wisconsin





Having caffeine on hand is important to me for daily function, and organic energy drinks are even better. I am so pleased to see this drink is not sweetened with corn syrup. The flavor is not easy to describe but certainly not unpleasant. I look forward to having more cans of Guru.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Reina T.
California





This organic energy drink was ready good I love it, it taste ready good, I also recomended to my friend, and I ready bought more because I ready like them, thanks social nutriré for my sample
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Matthew N.
California





Flavor was more inviting than most energy drinks, and I appreciate the organic ingredients. Gave a good boost of energy for my morning bike ride.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nick S.
California





Great product, great energy booster and fantastic across the board, would highly recommend and would unquestionably purchase,  best product in category
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Victor V.
California





great drink natural drink nothing like oranic fresh taste to energize you. i will buy more at local store it is very good like nothing else.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Natalie H.
California





Organic Energy Drink by Guru in flavor Original tasted great. I like the fact it taste good and is low in calories. It also contains caffeine organically which was an additional bonus.  After drinking it is was able to push through my day and didn't have a crash later on. I would recommend this product to anyone and I will be buying it in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jack D.
California





This product tastes great. I absolutely loved it and felt very energetic about 30 minutes after drinking it. It tastes great when chilled, although I would think it probably tastes good at room temperature as well. If I ever feel the need for some energy, I would definitely purchase this product. Recommended!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Victoria H.
California





I personally am a connoisseur of energy drinks. I rely on caffeine for most of my projects at school and for late night coding sessions as well as marathon gaming. Although energy drinks can be considered a crutch, it's a lifestyle decision that many, many people embrace rather than attempt to avoid... I am one of these people.

That said, Guru Energy is fairly cheap ($1.25USD/can) if you buy it here off Amazon, it comes in the Redbull standard 8.3 fl/oz cans, and is shipped in a surprisingly lightweight and compact case (compare this to Monster, Rockstar, or any other brand with standard 16 fl/oz cans).

The taste, like Guru's website describes, is very indescribable. It is very sharp and light with a medium amount of carbonation. The caffeine buzz is more "natural"... it has more of an upslope and downslope rather than a sudden cracked out (which is arguably awesome too in its own respect) then big crash sort of feeling. This is because the caffeine in Guru is derived from 125mg of Guaranine (Guarana Herb) rather than synthetically separated then added. There is no mention about how much of the 125mg of Guaranine is real caffeine, but since Red Bull checks in at 80mg / 8.3oz it seems that Guru is in pretty good shape.

I think a particular good feature of Guru is that it uses cane sugar rather than high fructose corn syrup. I appreciate a good quality soda, particularly microbrew colas, and they often exclusively contain cane sugar.

So in summary, this energy drink is fairly cheap, good buzz, all natural, and great for coding, gaming, or studying.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sangeeta M.
California





Nice drink for a pick-me-up - refreshing and pleasant tasting.  Ideal replacement for a soda - the carbonation without all the sugar was perfectly satisfying!  Zero guilt!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Ashley B.
California





The biggest question is DOES IT WORK?? 
The answer to your question is, YES! I was busy all day long and had the best energy I've had in awhile. It feels a lot better than using Redbull.. I'm very sensitive to caffeine so drinking it gives me a lot of energy I have no question about that. But this energy felt like I've slept the whole night without waking up and best bed ever. So pretty much I felt really good!! 
The taste isn't the best but it not a lot you drink so if you hate it a lot then just chug it. It's a little herbaly but not bad. Just different.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christine F.
California





I love it its sweet kind of tastes like this other energy drink brand I've tried before. It tastes very good and not nasty or smell like alcohol like others do. Sure would rebuy again. Totally recommend this brand.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cindy W.
California





I'm a big fan of energy drinks, so I consider myself somewhat of an expert. And I must say this perticular energy drink....GURU, was quite surprising. So if you get a chance to try one like I did, please do.......you won't be sorry. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Angela A.
California





The taste was good.  I don't feel like it gave me more energy but it tasted good. It was a good size as well. Would recommend and buy again for sure.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Milo S.
California





Coming from someone who at one point drank a decent amount of Monster Energy drinks, I can say that the GURU Organic Energy drink definitely makes me feel better after consumption. You still get a decent kick of caffeine, but there is less crap (i.e. less gnarly, processed ingredients) in it. I don't consume energy drinks often anymore, but I'd grab one of these if they are available the next time I want one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sarah H.
California





I really enjoyed this energy drink. It kept me alert but not at all jittery. So many energy drinks leave me shaky and jittery but this one did not. A BIG bonus for me is that t does not have gross or unpronounceable ingredients in it- it is organic and naturally sweetened with only 10 calories. (This is the lite version- my store did not carry the original) It has a pleasant taste- not great but not bad.
When I need an energy drink again, I will definitely buy this one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Millisa S.
California





I choose the original flavor. I really like being able to pronounce everything on the nutrition label. It gave me energy without the crash from high sugar energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Angela G.
California





I really enjoyed the Organic Energy Drink by Guru. It was reminiscent of a Slurpee with a slight aftertaste of cough syrup. But the cough syrup taste was not overwhelming. It gave me energy like a normal energy drink would. It is a good-sized drink and has a total of 143 milligrams of caffeine which is only 20 milligrams less than the Monsters that I usually drink. I definitely recommend this and will be buying more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tresa J.
California





I was a little hesitant go try this, but after the first sip, boy was I pleasantly surprised.  Great flavor, I love that it is organic, all natural and gluten free.  I would definitely recommend this to family and friends!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sharra Y.
California





Guru organic energy drink had a pleasant taste and I must say it DID give me a much needed burst of energy! Go Guru! Loved it! If you haven't tried it, I recommend that you give it a try.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Yuening H.
California





Definitely love the taste. It´s so refreshing.  I will buy it for sure. The best thing about it is that it´s organic, Gluten-Free and vegan!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cristal W.
California





This drink tasted great and love the fact that it is organic! If I could afford organic all the time I would buy this product more often. It will just have to be a yummy treat.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






roxanne s.
California





The taste is okay,not too much carbonation.I like the fact that it uses pure cane sugar rather than fructose corn syrup.And I like that the price isn't real high!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Agiane T.
California





After popping open the can, I had whiffs of the Red Bull scent. So I was quite surprised after tasting it. Not only did it not taste like Red Bull, it had a fruity flavor, which is a plus! I liked how it was carbonated and that all the ingredients were organic and natural. I tried the regular flavor which was a bit too sweet for me so the Lite may have been a better choice; nonetheless, the original was still pretty good. I do not know if I would recommend it since the sugar (30g) is quite high for one serving, but over other energy drinks, I would. It is probably the best tasting energy drink I have tried so far.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Jasmine H.
California





Love Guru. I think it tastes great (kinda like jelly beans or something similarly sweet) and it gives me a great boost without the crash. I am staying away from sugar now though and at 25 grams a can not worth the splurge anymore.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


iesha m.
California





I had drank this Guru organic energy drink in the morning for breakfast, and It gave me lots of energy for me to start my day in the morning. I like the taste of it, which it have a very nice taste to it. I probably would buy this drink if I saw it in the stores where I shop at. I would recommend this drink to my family and friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Annmarie B.
California





Guru energy drink really works. The taste was very good no after taste like most energy drinks. I drank it before I did some yard work. The taste is what I liked most about this product it was tastey. I have already purchased Guru for work to get me through the day. I would recommend  this product to anyone who needs a natural energy pickup on a daily basis. Thank you for the opportunity to  try and review Guru Energy Drink.#trynatural.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


KADIJAH R.
California





I absolutely loved this energy drink,
I throughly enjoyed the taste,
it gave me an great boost of energy that lasted for hours without the jitters! 
That you can often feel with other energy drinks, 
the fact that GURU is natural and organic Is a plus! 
this is now my go to energy beverage.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marc S.
California





The taste of this drink is pretty good I personally didn't notice a big difference in energy but it did give me some energy so it did help. I was pleasantly surprised actually
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jillian C.
California





Loved this drink! It's super delicious without being overly sweet. It gave me energy without jitters which is hard to find. Would definitely recommend this, I've already bought two more!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Melina B.
California





I usually don't buy energy drinks because they have a strange flavor and make me feel weird. The Guru energy drink actually had a decent tropical flavor, although it still tasted like an energy drink it wasn't overpowering. I would definitely pick this over any other energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tim F.
California





I drink a lot of coffee and a lot of energy drinks. This was was pretty good. It wasn't my favorite, but I enjoyed it. The flavor reminded me if two things. At first, it sort of reminded me of Coca-Cola. Then, the second half sort of reminded me of a 7-11 slurpee. Despite those connotations, it did not taste thick and sugary. It was pretty light and I felt great after drinking it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Johnny M.
California





I am not a huge energy drink person, however, I did try this Guru organic energy drink and really liked it. The flavor was nice and light and not to sweet. Guru did not make me feel jittery or over caffinated. I definitly recommend Guru to those that like energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dalia G.
California





I love that this drink is organic and the ingredients are relatively clean. It tasted great and did not leave me feeling jittery like most energy drinks do, due to high sugar contents and artificial flavorings. I will pick up a GURU drink whenever I need an extra boost of energy from now on. Definitely worth it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jess C.
California





I'm not really a big fan of energy drinks especially carbonated energy drinks. The taste was ok but I like that the caffeine comes from natural sources
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Sara B.
California





This was a really tasty energy drink. I enjoyed it a lot. I feel like it gave me that little boost of energy and would buy it again. Its a very good product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






yiran M.
California





I love this energy drink. It is ta ste fresh and cool, but the only problem is a little bit sweet to me. I would like to introduce it to my friends and I definitely try it again see if I could like it more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


CJ G.
California





Delicious taste, gave me a great boost of energy. I love that it is vegan, gluten-free, and organic. I also like that there are original and lite versions. Would definitely recommend to my friends and will buy again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sharon H.
California





For how small the drink is, it did the trick. I had lots of for the next four hours and didn't feel a crash afterwards. I never buy organic energy drinks, but now I believe that there is a huge difference for me to go organic. I love the taste and how I felt clean by not drinking so much chemicals.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sharon l.
California





Tasted great and gave me lots of energy.  I will definitely be buying this again . I will be recommending this to everybody I know. Absolutely love it!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erma E.
California





Excellent taste and a good source of energy. If you don't care much about sugar content then don't get the lite because the normal one is pretty good too! The can packs a decent punch and the organic components of the product make me feel like I'm not wiring myself up on some synthetic creation that tastes like plastic. The product isn't priced the most competitively but maybe that is because I purchased it at bristol farms, I wouldn't be surprised if whole foods had it for a bit less. I enjoyed my Guru chilled but I totally see how it could be fine on the go at room temperature. Overall I'm happy with my guru experience.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Eliazar R.
California





This was the best energy drink I have ever tasted!! it was way better than the other unhealtht energy drinks like redbull and monster. I saved it at my desk and used it when I most needed energy. My coworker asked me what it was and i told him it was a free product I recieved to provide a review for social nature. I recommended it on the spot to my coworker and he bought one at Safeway.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






jami o.
California





I wasn't very crazy about the flavor personally, but it did give me energy, much the same as any energy drink or coffee drink.  I just wouldn't choose this over those due to the flavor
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Molly R.
California





Tasty and lots of energy. The carbonation that i like from an energy drink with the added kick. Would purchase this again. A lot healthier than the ones I usually aim for.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Olga B.
California





It's good energy drink compare to others. It's nice cherry flavor, not too sweet. I love that it's organic and gluten free, but still gives you energy for couple hours! I would recommend to people who drinks normal energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Denise W.
California





This healthy, tasty Organic Energy Drink is absolutely delicious and so refreshing. I have recommended this Drink to all of my family and friends. Hands down it is the best. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christy S.
California





It tasted good compared to other products I've tried that are energy drinks. I really like it. I enjoy that it is organic and natural. I would buy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alaine J.
California





Is energy drink is great it's not overly sweet it's not too bubbly it's good give you good energy I could definitely tell that I had more energy for a good steady couple hours it's definitely something that I would love to be sticking with instead of those other drinks it going to give you a crash at the end.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Robbin S.
California





Not bad for an energy drink. It has a good flavor and I didn't get all hyped up as some types have done to me. I like that it ts organic. And that is gluten free.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Julie G.
California





The drink was very good and had a lot of flavor . It gave me energy that lasted for a few hours . I will drfinatey buy the product again . Thank!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kimberly C.
California





I liked this because of the results.  The taste is okay and I tried it at room temperature and cold and I would recommend drinking it cold.  I started to feel the effects within 30 minutes and I definitely had more awake and had energy.  I did not a hard come down and was still able to rest that evening.  I will use this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Susan B.
California





Delicious, yummy and full of energy. No jitters, and no gmos. A great refreshing boost. I would definitely recommend this beverage to friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Megan w.
California





this product is a good product. id consider buyiing this again. and most definetly would recommend this product. i got mines at walmart.....
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jennifer C.
California





I really liked the flavor and was happy it was a natural alternative!! There are so many energy drinks out there and it can be overwhelming so it's nice to have a go to!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Naz S.






It was good. The best part is that it is organic and it has naturally occurring caffeine.  I would still prefer redbull or monster over this because I like the taste of them better.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kelly P.
California





Truly a drink I would purchase over and over again. Working early hours and this drink I found tasty and that it helped boost my energy, the flavor was one I would rather have over other energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jaclyn B.
California





This drink was surprisingly refreshing, light and bubbly.  I am not a big fan of energy drinks, but I thought I could try it and to my surprise it has a great taste and really gave me the morning boost I needed.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


christina S.
California





I drink energy drinks often. I drink coffee daily.  With that being said,  guru is pretty good.  I didn't get the jitters like i usually do when trying a new drink for the first time,  so that was a definite plus.  It provided a nice energy boost.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the taste. I made the mistake of getting the Lite, so it's my fault but it taste 2 just like anything else that's considered "light", like it's missing an ingredient or mage with fake sugar.  Overall I was satisfied.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Esther W.
California





It was very light and bubbly. I loved the flavor, it tasted like white grape soda. I only wished it was not too sweet but overall I would recommend this to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Paula X.
California





Ive never been a big fan of any energy drink so I didn't have high hopes for this product, but to my surprise, it has a great taste and it really gave me the boost that I needed. I had it in the morning before I left for school and by the late evening, I was still pumped. Im not sure if it's the drink, but I was in a good mood that day. I'm not too sure if I would purchase it on my own since I'm not big on energy drinks, but I would highly recommend it for people who likes energy drinks or for a pre-workout drink.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Katrina B.
California





I absolutely loved the taste. Didn't make me shake or crash. I will definitely buy this product again. Yummy Yummy Yummy. I will definitely be telling my friends
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nkki R.
California





It was pretty good, I liked the suble soda-like flavour and had much more energy quicker than I would if I had coffee instead. I prefer guru over coffee, given that its storable and convenient.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






angella v.
California





it was sooo refreshing gave me alot of energy with no crash i would deffenitly reffer my friends and family to this drink !! i think if u want fast energy this would be the drink for you
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rose F.
California





I really enjoyed the taste of Guru Organic energy drink. I think it tastes great and I love that the ingredients are all organic. I have purchased this product and will continue to use it in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jeremy Z.
Maryland





This is a good product that gives good energy which did not have a crash afterwards. I will be purchasing this in the future and recommend it to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Candy C.
California





There was no after taste and was very delicious! 
Loved the taste and no jitters! I have bought a few after trying it out. My husband loves them especialy becaise ots healthier than other brands!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sun D.
California





Wow. I was very impressed with the Guru energy drink I purchased. I purchased the orginal and was enlightened throughout the day. It did not give me the jitters that coffee drinks often do. I will continue to purchase these for an afternoon pickup. Thanks Social Nature for this opportunity.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Eli N.
California





I never liked the taste of fake sugars, so that threw me off a bit. Otherwise, I liked the ingredients and the taste was ok for an energy drink. I would probably buy the product again if I needed a quick boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stacey H.
California





This is the best tasting energy drink I have tried. Still, not my favorite flavor but not bad. I love that it is organic and does not have all of the artificial ingredients many other energy drinks have.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Valerie F.
California





I don't usually buy traditional energy drinks because I prefer clean ingredients. This Guru energy drink is very clean (it's organic, too!), and has very low calories. I actually liked the taste a lot better than I thought I would but you can definitely taste the stevia. It's a little bitter but the lemon juice and added sugar help to balance that out. I did not notice a huge lift in energy but it did perk me up at work. I'd probably purchase this in the future to drink after lunch/early afternoon at work.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Courtney S.
California





I really enjoyed the sustained, healthy energy this drink provided. Other energy drinks contain scary amounts of caffeine and vitamin B (like it could give you irregular heart rhythms scary) which causes an energy crash, This one takes a more natural approach. The result is a productive pep that does not make you feel (or seem) like you're on crack and it doesn't cause a sudden drop in energy either. The energizing ingredients are green tea extract, guarana seed, and ginseng. There is also echinacea which is great for the immune system. At first I found the stevia to be overwhelming, but the berry flavor presumably from the luo han guo fruit kept me sipping. I have a suspicion I would like the non-lite version a bit more, but this drink is great for those who are used to the powerful sweetness of stevia.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Laura W.
California





This seems to be a rarity of an energy drink that does not have awful additives in it!  It has no color and has a light, refreshing texture and slightly sweet taste, without being too much.  It has natural, organic ingredients that provide energy rather than artificial ones and no sugar alcohols (erythritol etc) which usually cause me problems.  I therefore felt a nice, natural energy boost without any discomfort.  Loved it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alison E.
California





It was easy to drink and I really like that the ingredients are organic. The flavor is good, with a slight vitamin aftertaste. It has comparable amounts of caffeine to other brands of energy drinks with non-natural ingredients. Overall, it tasted good and I would buy it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sheila T.
Kansas





While I occasionally consume energy drinks, I often worry about the ingredients in conventional varieties which are often made up of chemicals that I can hardly pronounce and rarely recognize. I wonder about the safety and potential effects on my health from those products, and I'm also not particularly fond of the often strongly artificial taste. As such. I was really interested in learning about and trying out Guru Organic Energy, which is made up of organic ingredients and naturally occurring caffeine. Given that I avoid calories in drinks, I chose the Lite version to try, and I was pleasantly surprised. The flavor was different, and although I wouldn't say it was delicious, it was refreshing and not as aversive as other energy drinks I've tried. I didn't feel a huge kick of energy, but caffeine rarely has a tremendous effect on me and I did feel alert if not energetic. Overall, I think the Guru Organic Energy Drink is a preferable choice for those looking for energy beverages over the typical energy drink laden with artificial ingredients. Although I'm not a regular connoisseur of energy drinks, the next time I want one I will choose Guru Organic. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ashley Z.
California





Surprisingly good!  I wasn't expecting this drink to be (lightly) carbonated....it was a nice surprise!  Flavor was good and it definitely gave noticeable energy.  I tried it before a workout in place of my preworkout drink.  I wouldn't replace my preworkout supplement (it gave me a less focused energy) but I would drink it if I needed a little pick me up throughout the day!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Phyllis C.
California





I love the fruity fizzy taste, and the amazing list of organic and natural ingredients. Best of all it doesn't give me the jitters like coffee would.  I could concentrate and get a lot of work done.  As I'm trying to eat clean and stay away from sugar, an unsweetened version would be awesome. As it is, I'm pretty happy with Guru Energy Drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stephany C.
California





I got the original Guru and what i liked about this drink was that it didn't taste like a energy drink, it was light and it didn't have that strong caffeine aftertaste. The price is reasonable for bein g a usda verified drino, which i think is very important. I have already told my friends who lik energy drinks! and they sell this product at my local Bristol farms which is great! thanks for the drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


tirza v.
California





Great taste and good energy level. I did not feel jittery or have a crash afterwards like I have experienced with other products. So glad theres no artificial ingredients. Stevia is the way to go!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Janet L.
California





its pretty tasty. I have tried many energy drinks in the past that have really bad aftertastes, but this one is quite good. Its all organic as well which to me is a huge deal.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Katie V.
California





Pretty good, I like that it's natural and you can tell the difference in the 'buzz' also not as much as a crash. The taste is good too, not artificial.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Felicia C.
California





I loved the fresh crisp taste of the sparkling water blended with the organic ingredients of cane sugar,grape juice,citric and apple acid along with the vital nutrients of organic green tea leaf,guarana seed,echinacea flower and panax ginseng within this 12oz can of USDA Organic certified Guru energy beverage. The guru energy drink gave me a boost of energy without making me feel jittery or even crashing. It's nice to have a healthy organic energy drink available for those moments when you need a little boost of energy to get you throughout your day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lynne C.
California





I love this amazing carbonated beverage. I drink it before I exercise and it gives me lots of energy. I definitely recommend this beverage to everybody.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cole B.
California





This is by far the best energy drink I have ever had. It gives you a decent amount of energy without the jitters that other drinks will give you.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jenifer M.
California





I really enjoyed this new for me energy drink. I definitely felt more energized and I didn't have any of the "chemical" taste you sometimes find in energy drinks. I will be adding this to my drink line up!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Becky L.
California





This product has a great taste! However, it didn't do much to keep me focused and didn't work well. It's organic though which is a plus but I wouldn't buy it myself with its price.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


karolina p.
California





So I got to try the guru lite energy drink. The taste was very different from most energy drinks. I like the strong lemon juice taste it has, for a drink that has less calories then the original. It does work, kept me going all day through work, which is awesome. Overall great stuff for only 10 calories a must buy.#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






cooper q.
California





Grate tasting and very good product kept me focused awith no crash all day the flavor was crisp and clean no funny af5ertaste thanks for letting me try it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Albert C.
California





GURU Lite is very tasty and refreshing, especially on a hot day. Unlike most Stevia sweetened drinks, the taste is well balanced with no bitter aftertaste. There's a nice lemony flavor and the carbonation is on-point.

I don't usually drink energy drinks, but this one is an exception to the rule. It's organic, low calorie, non-GMO and contains ingredients that I can actually trust. Another big bonus I noticed is that I did not experience a crash afterwards. I read that this has to do with the fact that they use naturally-occurring caffeine from Green Tea and Guarana. I don't know why you would drink any other energy drink than this. Definitely loading up on these again soon!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rebecca H.
California





This product is packed with good, natural ingredients, unlike most energy drinks out there, and still packs the same amount of caffeine! The flavor of this drink is somewhat like a gummy bear, although just slightly watered down from the flavors of other energy drinks, which I didn't mind. I have tried other natural energy drinks in the past which did not agree with me, however I did not have the same issues with this drink. I really enjoyed it. If there is one thing i could say about it, is there wasn't any selection at the store I went to. They had one flavor of the drink, in one size. The drink was also about a dollar more than comparable energy drinks. I would be most likely to buy this product if they offered a multi-pack with a small discount.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Debbie Z.
California





Good taste and no jittery feeling I will definitely recommend this drink to my friends.  Only problem is that it should be available at more stores.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Thereasa G.
California





I don't drink any energy drinks but I have to admit Guru was extremely refreshing, tasty and delicious. I would definitely purchase this again. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Wanna S.
California





WOW... Guru energy drinks are amazing! Great taste, no weird stomach side effects. Gave me energy without crashing afterwards. Would highly recommend this energy drink over Red Bull.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alex C.
California





This energy drink was great! It was not that sweet and I did not get the sugar crash that I usually get with Redbull's or Monster's! I definitely recommend it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brian S.
California





I liked this energy drink so much I went back to the store and bought one more and mixed it with some  vodka. It was quite tasty and I'm sure I will buy more. Thanks!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rebecca D.
California





Really good, taste is pleasant and flavor has sweetness.The energy was missing,maybe the caffeine is not strong enough? Good drink no matter what! Enjoyed it! The ginsing is an herb I've had problem with in the past,so like but I can't indulge in!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Sirous K.
California





The first sip was different but after the second time I loved it. Tasts so much better than  other energy drink.  The style and fonts made it  so much easier to locate in store shelves
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lindsey M.
California





Midday and I just ate too much for lunch and all I wanted to do was take a nap. It was a perfect time to give Guru a try. I wasn't super happy with the taste it was kind of bitter but just sweet enough that I didnt mind it after a few more sips. This drink definately gave me the boost I was hoping for. Not a jittery jolt but just enough to get me out of my slump. I was also happy to know I wasn't filling my body with harmful stuff to achieve that boost. I would recommend this product to friends, family, and co workers.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


emily l.
California





Picked up my Guru organic  energy drink on way to work . Had a nice taste to it,  light when i drank it.  Defenitly worked for me . Felt that ectra kick of energy during the day .  Will be buying again . Recommended  to anymone looking to try a healthier alternative to everyday energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jessica L.
California





I liked it very much its flavor is very rich and most important it is done with natural energizantes clear that I will continue buying it I like it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


linda d.
California





The drink was very similar to another product that I use, though with a less intense flavor. I like the size of it, unlike others that are smaller. It has just the right amount of sweetness
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Shannon L.
California





I thought the taste was excellent and I liked that The Guru lite was low calorie. The ingredients seemed healthy which is a bonus. I did get extra energy from the drink, so it did the job! I was pleased with this organic energy drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Victor V.
California





great drink it had nice great flavor would mind buying more of them. gave boost i needed and was great flavor.  ut was natural organic and was fun trying it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Evangelina S.
California





I really liked this! i got the original and it taste it like other energy drinks but without it being harmful and filled with weird ingredients. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cameo D.
California





The energy drink is a great way to gain energy in a natural manner. It is an amazing alternative to other drinks that are unnatural on the market.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Charlene S.
California





Overall this was a very satisfying drink. It wasn't overly sweet like some energy drinks seem to be. 
I didn't get a ton of energy from it, but it definitely kept me going.
 I'm a huge fan of the fact that it's organic, so I'll definitely keep it in mind whenever I'm looking for an extra boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jenna C.
California





I purchased the Lite Guru instead or the regular because it only has 3g of sugar compared to the 37g in the regular one. I really enjoyed this energy drink. It has a great taste and it didn't make me jittery. It gave me just enough energy and I would purchase it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Devin F.
California





A good drink if you are able to find the lite version. The regular version is basically all sugar, which I do not like. The lite version is much better but harder to find. Taste is good, on par with other energy drinks. Not sure if being organic is worth the extra retail cost though.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Kerri N.
California





I'm not a big energy drink fan BUT an organic one I was excited to try. I'm a bit sensitive to these kinds of drinks, but this one didn't cause me to get jittery. I would definitely purchase it once in a while on those extra busy days.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Evangelina P.
California





So yummmy in the tummy gives energy doesnt feel heavy or taste nasty and isnt expensive ive already recommended this drink to friends n family
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nicole A.
California





Hmmm, I am on the fence about the tast of the Lite Guru BUT I have to say the energy part was superb! As a person that drinks energy drinks regularly, I think this product was great! I gave 4 stars only because of the taste
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






jennifer s.
California





Got my free sample. I thought it tasted really good! Gave me alot of energy without the shakeyness  i have gotten with other energy drinks. I would defiantly buy and tell friends and family about this product. Plus it was easy to find. Thank you so much for the opportunity to try this drink out. My new favorite energy  Drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alan L.
California





I was surprised that an all natural energy drink could taste as good as Guru does. I will definitely buy Guru energy drinks again. Definitely would recommend it to friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Peter O.
California





Really good tasting product! The thing that stood out to me was that it tasted somewhat like redbull, but with a more pleasing aftertaste. It reminded me of cane sugar soda, but much healthier. There are 30g of natural sugar, which is better than most sodas, and there are few ingredients, all of them organic. My only issue was the manufacturer's coupon, which confused the cashier, and in the end, I had to pay sales tax. Other than that, I really enjoyed this experience.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Andrea M.
California





Can't say anything wrong with a naturally occurring caffeine drink. This drink did its job and gave me the energy I needed to get through my day!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mani M.
California





I regularly consume energy drink. But this one is totally different from the rest, perfect taste, so smooth.  Organic and natural caffeine is what is the most exciting feature.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nidhi P.
California





Just the perfect kick is what you get with Guru!! Great combination of fizz n taste. I loved it. Made with non GMO n organic ingredients it's safe for one n all in the family. The price is just right. Why not have it for parties.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brenda s.
California





I love the taste it's nothing like any of the other energy drinks out there and give me on some bit of energy without leaving me jittery.....
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lisa H.
California





I like this energy drink I didn't feel jittery at all and the taste was good without any after taste. I would buy it again . I'm not a person that drinks energy drinks and l would drink this one again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maurine S.
California





I was very good tasting and good energy . The only bad thing was trying to find a store near me. It would be promoted in all grocery stores.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


tracy w.
California





My energy drink from Guru was amazing the flavor is really good it's not overpowering I really noticed that I had a lot more energy after taking it because I had a very restless night of sleeping I would recommend this to other people it's great and doesn't leave the feeling of gitterness afterwards. I also did not come down from the high afterwards. It was a very  natural feeling. Yes I would recommend and purchase this product again in the future
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ulani G.
California





Taste amazing doesn't give you a nasty after taste like most Energy Drinks. Very light and not very carbonated berverage which is amazing. Has a sweet taste but not too much just the perfect amount . Sometimes I need that extra boost of energy at work.  This drink woke me up for the rest of the morning,  would most definitely purchase again and recommend to friends and family. #TryNatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Robert A.
California





To be honest, I've never been a fan of energy drinks. I usually choose to go with the shots like the 5-hours just because I chug it and it's done. The Guru Energy drink actually has a natural taste though compared to the other energy drinks on the market which is good. The only issue I have with this is availability, This drink is not available a lot of places, which makes it hard to purchase when you do want to indulge. All in all, this is a MUCH better choice for energy drinks, the taste is pleasant and it gave me a nice jolt with absolutely no crash. I would recommend trying this for sure if you could find it! Thanks for the opportunity to taste.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sheena B.
California





I tried the original one.  It had pretty good flavor and definitely gave me more energy. I would buy it again. I would recommend it for those looking for an energy boost without the crash that comes after. #trynaturals
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Patty M.
California





I love the refreshing flavor of Guru Natural Energy Drink Lite and the fact that it is very low in calories because it is sweetened with stevia!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Amanda S.
Oregon





Delicious energy drink! Taste and quality and efficiency of the product i rate 5/5 ! Got a free one with the coupon i recieved and went back for more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Devin F.
California





Wow I really liked it it was a a very pleasant flavor. I think I really liked how it was very natural and the flavor itself didn't really overwhelm me.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Anna P.
California





It was very flavorful. I would really recomend this guru drink to all who like monster drinks. So give it a try. Delicious........ Yum...... ......#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


muriel b.
California





I tried Guru Lite right before playing tennis. It was the right amount of pick me up I needed to play a very satisfying game! I also liked the taste of it, the fact that is was organic, vegan, gluten-free, and only 5 calories! From now on I will try to incorporate Guru in my workouts as much as I can! Go Guru! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Leslie M.
California





Refreshing taste, clean and crisp. Gave me a subtle boost of energy without a crazy rush or a harsh crash. Good stuff! I found it at Sprouts Grocery.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jenn L.
California





I bought the lite version because I try to stay away from high sugar beverages. I like that the lite only has 3g of sugar and is sweetened with stevia. I enjoyed the taste of the energy drink; it has a light and refreshing cherry flavor. I definitely noticed an increase in energy and alertness after about 15 minutes. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it's still a little to sweet for me. I would buy it if I needed a quick boost of energy over other brands of energy drinks but I probably would not buy this on a regular basis since I currently purchase drinks like this only occasionally.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jamene U.
California





I enjoyed the lite Guru energy drink! It has a refreshingly crisp citrusy flavor but not too heavy a taste.  Only 10 calories! After 30 minutes I could definitely feel a nice boost. Not too jittery either.  #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nicholas A.
California





Wow I really liked it it was a a very pleasant flavor. I think I really liked how it was very natural and the flavor itself didn't really overwhelm me.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shannon M.
California





This definitely has a strong tang to it and it gave me the energy I needed. I was very happy that I now have another choice for an energy drink boost!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gordon Y.
California





It tasted sweet enough. It might've given a little bit of an energy boost. It's nice that it barely has any calories. It didn't seem like anything special though.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Star H.
California





My new favorite Energy Drink, Organic, Vegan, Non-Gmo, Gluten-Free, with no after taste like other brands I've had; I feel like a Guru foreal.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lawrence T.
California





This is organic, low calories,non-GMO  and the taste is good. i found it is easy to drink more than one. There is no crash or sick feeling. i absolutely love this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jennifer A.
California





Delicious taste and gave me the extra boost of energy I needed to get through my day.  I would highly recommend this energy drink to anyone.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nataliya T.
California





Very tasty drink will buy it again the drink gave me some energy and kept me going all day I will recommend this product to my fiends and family
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sara T.
California





The taste is very good and gives me little oomph or quick pick me up in the middle of the day.  The taste is very refreshing and not too heavy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Wendy B.
California





it was great. I really like the taste didnt feel jittery it gave me the energy i needed to stay awake for my trip that i drove all night and half the day
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rebecca W.
California





I am not a huge energy drink fan, due to the usual caffeinated cough syrup taste and often shakey feeling afterwards. However, with Guru I was actually pleasantly surprised! It tasted much better than other energy drinks that I have tried, and there wasn't such a drastic crash after the caffeine wore off. I like that I didn't experience any shakey feelings or feel ill after drinking. I will definitely be purchasing more when my coffee just isn't doing what I need.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jessica A.
California





I drink energy drinks on a daily basis and look for a low calorie option to fit my diet. I recently had the opportunity to try GURU Natural Energy Drink, and I loved the taste. It only contains 5 calories,  and is sweetened with Stevia which is a plus. I felt energetic during my busy day as a healthcare professional, and felt no crash at the end.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lai J.
California





tastes good, and i like it makes me feel more focused for the day. It is available in my grocery store, easy to find and easy to redeem my free coupon thanks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erin S.
California





Lovely light taste. Not too sweet and sugary like most other energy drinks. This gave me a good buzz throughout my work day but didn't keep me up at night like some other caffeine drinks do.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cami C.
California





Drank an original guru before going to workout and it was just the right amount of energy boost! It doesn't make you feel jittery like some other energy drinks and I love that it is natural. I will definitely buy this again in the future!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alex M.
California





The Guru Energy Drink is a great tasting alternative to other energy drinks. I'm primarily a Red Bull fan but I got to try the Guru Energy Drink. It tastes a bit better than Red Bull but the crashes are way weaker. The price is cheaper than red bull. There are basically no downsides when compared to other energy drinks. All in all, 10/10 would buy again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Flora R.
California





This has to be the best energy drink that I have ever tasted. It is a light crisp, tangy citrus flavor that doesn't have a large aftertaste and gives me enough energy in the morning on my slow days.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sophia H.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks or coffee because they make my heart race and I get shaky but with half a can of this drink I didn't feel over-caffeinated.
I liked that it is low in calories and organic but that also limits where I can buy it in the future. I don't usually shop at Sprouts or Whole Foods so this would only be something I would get when I rarely make it into those stores.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Laura C.
California





The taste, like Guru's website describes, is very indescribable. It is very sharp and light with a medium amount of carbonation. The caffeine buzz is more "natural"... it has more of an upslope and downslope rather than a sudden cracked out (which is arguably awesome too in its own respect) then big crash sort of feeling. This is because the caffeine in Guru is derived from 125mg of Guaranine (Guarana Herb) rather than synthetically separated then added. There is no mention about how much of the 125mg of Guaranine is real caffeine, but since Red Bull checks in at 80mg / 8.3oz it seems that Guru is in pretty good shape.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mary C.
California





I tried the lite version and it has a nice fruity taste.  It tastes much better than other energy drinks on the market.  The price in the market is comparable to other brands.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Keyvan A.
California





The drink tastes very good, but the package is too small...needs to be much bigger and fatter...like the size of a Monster drink, but a bit bigger.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Claudia c.
California





Guru  Energy  Drink  has a good  taste  is Organic  and the best thing  of this  is naturally  caffeine  it comes  in lite version  and original  and I been buying it after  I tried  for the first  time ,I had recommend  to my friend  to make  it part of their  life too  .#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jenessa F.
California





I loved this product! Was easy on my body and I didn't crash afterwards I kept the energy up and had a great feeling afterwards. I would highly recommend this drink and stopped the other brands
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lynn F.
New Jersey





I really enjoyed this energy drink!  It tasted great and the flavor was nice too.  I also am a huge fan of this drink over other energy drinks, because it is natural and organic so it is not so bad for the body!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jasmine K.
California





Love the taste! I didn't know wat I would've thought about this drink because it's organic but it's, in my opinion, better than a cup of coffee!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Juliana N.
California





I usually don't like energy drinks, because I can't deal with the carbonation. Guru Organic Energy Drink was a nice surprise, because the carbonation isn't that bad - I actually let it sit a little and it got a lot better. The taste is very fruity and mild, and I really like how sweet it is. I tried it on a day when I had to be out early, and it really helped me feeling up while running errands. I'd recommend it and buy it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Elizabeth K.
California





There's two sizes. I used the larger sugar free one before starting my 8am shift. I drank it throughout my shift. I absolutely loved the taste of it! The price isn't to bad either. With some of the energy drinks out there at least this one you know is organic and better for you so it's worth it. Energy wise I def felt it when I first started drinking it. It wasn't overpowering but the right amount of energy. I usually sip it throughout my shift. The only problem I had with it was that after the half way point my energy was decreasing but I would definitely recommend it to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Leandra W.
California





Love this product ! I would totally buy this product and I was not disappointed . I would totally recommend this to a friend and I recommend to anyone !
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






CAROL A.
California





Great. Hardly like energy drinks but thus one was really good. It was sweet but not excessively sweet. And the fact that it was organic was great. The right amount of energy for a great taste!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


wilson w.
California





Best natural energy drink. The taste is really good and it's not that rush of energy and bad shut down like other energy drinks. Gives you the energy you need that's for sure
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stacy F.
California





It taste great and lasted about five hours. Oh I love and and will 100% buy this drink .. Yo they should have different flavor ,, I totally recommend this .. It's a 10/10
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Astrid M.
California





So, I am not an energy drink person & I got this for my husband & he was really skeptic about it cause he's used to the regular energy drinks at the gas station. But, he actually really enjoyed this. He said it gave him more energy without the sugar-y crash that others give him after a couple of hours. This definitely worked for him & I felt better knowing that it has better ingredients for him. I was really against him drinking energy drinks, but thankful that this product is a lot safer for him. I would recommend this product to any & all energy drinkers.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Walter S.
California





I love these when I can't get to coffee in the am.
I have one during my lunch break.
Picks me right up!
No come down.
Always in Stock where I shop.
I want a t-shirt if your giving those out.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Patrick S.
California





Loved it! From drinking all kinds of "energy" drinks actually finding one organic, vegan, gluten-free and natural that has a great blend of taste and the right amount of "energy" Guru really is great!!! Definitely will be looking for these in to have instead of those other popular brands.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






David X.
California





I got the GURU original 12oz. The taste of it is kind of like a berry. Even though it has 30g of sugar, it does not taste that sweet.  It kind of leaves a minty, cooling sensation on my tongue. Overall, it is something different from the usual Monster Energy, Red Bull or NOS that i usually drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Diana L.
California





Excellent, great tasting energy drink that brings with every sip a spike of mental clarity and enthusiasm. I would highly recommend Guru energy drinks to folks needing a caffeinated boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jason B.
California





I liked the taste. One funny thing about this drink, they love the word natural. I counted, the word natural appears on the can about 12 times. But it doesn't really tell you what exactly is natural about it compared to other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Valerie M.
California





Tastes great!! Its a great drink!! I would get it again!! It gave me a energy boost!! I would let my friends about it!! I can't wait to try it again!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sara S.
Oregon





The drink was very cool and refreshing with a taste similar to redbull. I felt energized but didn't experience any crash or over-hype. I'm not sure how much of a difference it being organic made, but if the price isn't outrageous compared to its competitors I will happily repurchase. I definitely recommend trying once if you regularly consume energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nikol G.
California





I chose the original can. It tastes like a natural redbull ;) Didnt feel a lot of energy but enough to get through the day. Really love the clean taste of this - perfect amount of sweetness! Just a little pricy but otherwise good stuff!  :)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Karine H.
California





I really liked the taste of this.  I was skeptical about this drink given that it is an energy drink . I expected a crash ' sort of feeling but was happy to find out there wasn't one. I tried the lite version and enjoyed it !
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shyla M.
California





I loved that it didn't taste sugary and I didn't crash after it wore off. I'm glad I got to try it cause it will now be my go to when I need some energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mark H.
California





This product was tasty. I enjoyed Guru very much. I might just have to replace my current energy drink with my his product. It was effective and had a pleasant taste.  I recommend this product
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kristina S.
California





It's a healthy low calorie drink with a great taste!  I'm glad that I found an organic energy drink for those times when I just can't adult. It has no nasty aftertaste from chemical crap additions. I just love the ingredient list and the taste (to me) is similar to Red Bull. I drink it every day at work to get extra boost and it works wonderfully! Give this organic great tasting energy drink a try and it will become your favorite one!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Khrystina S.
California





I got GURU light and loved the taste! This energy drink is farily cheap, all natural, good buzz, and great for gaming,  studying and just keep you going! I also love the fact that it has cane sugar rather than high fructose corn syrup. Does NOT have that nasty faux sugar / sweetener after flavor. Definitely recommend it! You would fall in love like i did and can't imagine my life without it anymore!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Peggy A.
California





Tasted Great!!  I will buy this.  It perked me up and kept me going, i used it as a starter to wake up in the morning. .     As energy drink go I thinkn this is the best tasking one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kelly M.
California





Very sweet but it knowing its organic makes it a good alternative to red bull.  I haven't seen it in many local groceries but hope it will show up soon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Talina A.
California





I loved the taste. It gave me very good energy. It didnt make me jittery or anything. And the fact that its organic is awesome. Ive brought more since i got to try it before i brought it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rachael P.
California





This energy drink tasted really good! I like all of the vitamins and natural, organic ingredients that are in it.  It seemed like I had energy through the day, and it didn't mess with my bedtime or anything. I'm definitely considering trying these again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sonja J.
California





I really enjoyed this drink-not too sweet or too strong. The aftertaste was acceptable, and, while it didn't boost my energy, that's my issue, not the drink's. (Energy drinks tend to make me sleepy. As does caffeine)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alex K.
California





Another energy drink? Actually, Guru was really good. It didn't have a medicine flavor, but it was hard to identify what it was. I detected grape, citrus (lime and orange), and maybe berry. I didn't feel a spike of energy, but I didn't experience a crash in the afternoon. I would definitely buy this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dominique D.
California





I always have an energy drink on the weekends are love to try new ones. The fact that this was all natural was even more of a reason for me to try it. I really like that taste and it gave me energy, not jitteriness, which is awesome. I have purchased this a few times since.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michelle H.
California





I really liked the guru energy drink. too often energy drinks add alternative sweeteners and i can always taste the artificial nature of it, but this one had none of that.  (I did get the regular one, not diet, which has stevia). I dont know what flavor they were trying to go for... something fruity, but nothing distinguishable. The fact that it was natural and organic made it a great afternoon pick up choice while chasing my small children around. i would definitely recommend and purchase.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stephanie W.
California





provided needed energy boost! delicious just the right amount of caffeine. all natural too. liked the lite flavor. Naturally occuring caffeine
Organic
Vegan
Gluten-free
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rob J.
California





Good drink. I like the taste. Tastes better than other energy drinks out there. Gave me energy. I also like that it is organic. #GotItFree but I will be buying more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Robin D.
California





I love this! Being an energy drink junkie, I'm always looking for the latest & greatest & I'm pretty sure I've found it. GURU Organic Energy Drink isn't overly sweet but it gives me the right boost of energy I need without the extra calories. Perfect for me! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gabriel V.
California





At first taste I thought it was a bit bitter and had a weird taste but the more I drank it, the better it began to taste. It was very smooth and not as gassy as red bull. I began to feel very energetic as the day went on. By nightfall it began to wore off and I was able to sleep like normal. It had no lasting effects like Red Bull or Monster drinks and it tasted real good.  I can see myself buying it again, especially because it has natural and organic ingredients. I would definitely recommend this energy drink to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Fumiki K.
California





Tastes very refreshing, and the bubble is soft.
I didn't feel caffeine kicked in like  red bull does, but you don't feel any chemical instead.
I like the taste better than any other energy drinks.
I would like to buy if I could find this product not only organic store, but any regular market.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marlene B.
California





I really liked that this was an organic energy drink. It didn't make me shaky and it tasted really wonderful. Thank you for helping me find an energy drink that I can really  enjoy!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shabri F.
California





Pretty tasty. I like that it's organic. It didn't make me antsy. It's sorta similar to Monster but without the BAD STUFF! I was happy that I could drink it without worries.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tawnia S.
California





It was yummy, I felt energized without crashing. It was yummy, I felt energized without crashing. It was yummy, I felt energized without crashing.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Max S.
California





I didn't know what to expect from this drink, what if the flavor was not as strong as other competitors? Or what if the effect was not as strong or at least the same? But having the promise that it is a natural product, and non-GMO why not giving it a chance? 
The result? It is great! As long as you drink it cold it is very refreshing, the flavor is delicious, and it really gives you a boost of energy, perfect for those moments when you need help to stay awake. Even when I got my coupon to get a free drink, I noticed the price is not that high, making it an even better option. 
I'm definitely buying it again, and I'm recommending it to both friends and family. It is a product of great quality and great flavor. It delivers what it promises and I'm a happy consumer.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Elzy S.
California





The taste was okay, definitely not what I expected from an organic energy drink which was a bad taste. Glad i tried something new. Will buy again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jessica W.
California





It was pretty tasty and I felt it worked almost as good as other energy drinks. Perhaps a little less as well but I felt better about it being natural and that was worth the slightly smaller effect. It didn't make my heart beat too fast or give me any of the weird side effects other energy drinks sometimes do.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Elizabeth f.
California





This was good. And refreshing. I like that it's gluten free and vegan,  and the caffeine is natural . This is a better alternative to other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dana C.
California





I actually tried the Original flavor, not the Lite, but I am interested in going back and trying the Lite. I enjoyed the Original very much, the flavor was not overpowering and medicine-y like some normal energy drinks can be. I also found myself having no real crash after drinking it and just continued about my day as normal.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kim C.
California





I liked it, it is not available everywhere though, but definitely a better energy drink. Does not cause a "crash" when it wears off. I drank it before work and it got me through the day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tawee R.
California





Very enjoyable! Tastes like a fizzy mélange of Jolt Cola, Double Bubble and Sweetarts -  complex dark cola flavors dance on the palette alongside hints of bubblegum and citrus, zaps you with a refreshing nose-tingling tang. Nice strong caffeine buzz without the jitters. Highly recommended!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Devin F.
California





Taste is good. Like that it is low cal. Nice option instead of Red Bull or Rockstar. Wish the caffeine was a little higher but can make that up with other stuff.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Elizabeth A.
California





This gives me natural prana all day and taste really good too which is never a disappointment. Its a energy drink that packs healthy ingredients which doesn't interfere with your gut flora or cause an acidic environment in the human body,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Teresa M.
California





I love the fact that Guru is natural and organic. I myself am not an energy drinker! My hubby drinks them every day. I am trying to get him to switch to the Guru! I think it tastes pretty good. I do recommend Guru to anybody who drinks energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nanette N.
California





I really loved the taste.  It is a great coffee replacement. What I loved about it is that it is organic.  I would definitely buy it again.  

You got to try it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Eric B.
California





I thought the product was tasty and flavorful. I would use the the product prior to exercise for a boost of energy.I purchased the drink from Sprouts.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cynthia D.
California





The guru organic energy drink really did the trick for me. I thought it was really good and it helped pick me up after when I was really tired.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Art C.
California





A great pick me up...... recommend this as a before workout drink so you can quickly burn the sugar.  I wish they used organic sugar vice corn syrup which is more in keeping with organic ingredients.  The Lite version uses Stevia which is much better.
I like the product and will continue to use as a pre-run supplement, but in the Lite version only.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kevin G.
California





Drink was good did not do much for me but I'm used to a lot more caffeine in my drinks for price I would not buy it again but I would recommend to people because it did have a good flavor
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Torri B.
California





I would like to point out first that it seems that only the "original" flavor is organic (if that is something that is important to you). It did have a slight Red Bull like taste but overall it is one of the better tasting energy drinks. It didn't make me super jittery but it did give me a lil extra pep to make it through a late night.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Fransisca A.
California





This natural energy drink helped boosted  my energy during that afternoon time! And hey... low calories too! The taste also good , not giving you gross fake sweeter feeling when you drink it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lindsey M.
California





I just tried the regular version of the Guru Organic Energy drink and it was quite good. The flavor was sort of similar to a very mild grapefruit flavor. I do feel energized, but I don't feel ill like some energy drinks can make you feel. Guru is refreshing and reading the ingredients the first thing I see is sparkling water. There is nothing chemical or strange in this drink. I would definitely switch over to this from the other drinks I have tried. If you want something light, refreshing, and tasty pick one of these up!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kyla C.
California





This product worked so well for my energy level. I was dead drag button tired when I drank it and felt steady energy all day. I would give a higher score, but whoo that aftertaste was something else; however it's nothing unbearable, just a slight bitterness. The drink itself is sweet though, the bitterness only comes after. My husband will probably stick to his normal energy drink, but I like this one myself.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maggie O.
California





For a natural energy drink, Guru was great. I liked that I knew what I was putting in my body and that the lite version of this drink only has 5 calories. However, I don't feel like it amped me up as much as a "regular" energy drink. It was a great substitute for my morning coffee, but I wouldn't rely on it for an all-nighter.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michelle D.
California





I like how this energy drink only has 5 calories and it is sweetened with stevia. It tastes so good and not too sweet. I can enjoy one everyday because I don't feel bad about drinking it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maria E.
California





This one is so great especially for those people who's addicted to energy drink. I love drinking it every morning cause it gives me energy and keep me awake for the whole day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nicole R.
California





The drink was pretty good, had a bit more of a taset of vitamins in it.

But all in all it was good! 

Will buy again 

Thank you for letting me try this
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Artnecia R.
California





I really like this energy drink. It gives me a boost, without the crash. I absolutely love it and will purchase it in the future.  The selling point for me is that this drink is organic, Gluten-free and doesn't contain any additives, as I believe are in other drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Yelena V.
California





I thought GURU's Organic Energy Drink had just enough kick to it  and loved the natural occurring caffeine. I will definitely be buying more energy drinks by GURU!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Herman S.
California





Yes i tried this guru energy drink was very tasteful n enjoyed it hope tht u all will consider having it available at my grocer Ralphs supermarkets
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


George Ann S.
California





I love that the product is all natural. The taste is great and gives me the right amount of energy without any jitters or crash. I've already recommended this product to friends and family.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Daniel D.
California





Different tasting than most of the energy drinks I drink, and I drink a ton. I am not sure that I would say it is better, but it is definitely a taste that I can get used to. Had a bigger boost compared to others as well.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shaun A.
California





I work hard and I play hard, so sometimes I need a pick-me-up.  Some energy drinks taste terrible, some have crazy ingredients, and some help for a little bit then make me crash, or don't help at all.  Guru was great all around.  The flavor was pretty good, the energy increase was noticeable, and the ingredients were natural.  I would definitely buy it again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gayatri D.
California





This drink tasted quite nice, almost like berries, and definitely better than a conventional energy drink. I drank it 6 hours into my work shift and I'm still up and running 10 hours later, and I've been awake for 17 hours total.  I would buy this if it were on sale, but other natural energy drinks are consistently cheaper. I would absolutely recommend this product to a friend or customer.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Krystina H.
California





The flavor is great. Taste like there is a slight berry flavor to it. It's not like your typical energy drink with all those additives in it that you don't know how to pronounce. Definitely does the trick like a regular energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cynthia F.
California





As a monster fanatic and a diabetic I am always happy to try new energy drinks that will give me the energy I need without the sugar that I don't need. Guru is a great substitute for the sugary/no sugar energy drinks. I love the fact that it is sweetened with Stevia and uses natural ingredients for the boost of energy you might need mid day or early morning. 

#socialnature #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dana S.
California





It was actually really good. I loved how it wasn't that high in calories it was only 100. But it tasted like a orange energy drink. So afterall it was really good.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Harley L.
California





This is a great way to boost up your energy without any harmful chemicals of other energy drinks. I drank it early in the morning and it immediately gave me a boost of energy, like a cup of coffee usually does, and I did not feel a crash throughout the day. It lasts a good 10-12 hours, by the time I was ready for bed I slept soundly, definitely a great product!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Zemyna R.
Massachusetts





This was a surprisingly pleasant beverage. I don't usually like energy drinks. Every now and again I break down and purchase one as an alternative to my usual coffee, but I'm not a big energy drink person. I think of them as having a rather off taste and an unpleasant effect on my heartbeat. This one, surprisingly, seemed to have neither of those. It was fresh tasting if you can believe it, and I found myself actually enjoying the flavor instead of merely tolerating it. The one detractor is that it did not seem to supply quite the same kick as a normal energy drink. The energy it did supply, however, came without heart palpitations or other unfortunate side effects, and for that I am quite grateful! I may not buy it often, but next time I reach for an energy drink I'll definitely reach for guru and I will not hesitate to suggest it to friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Joan C.
California





I always love energy drinks. This one is great since it's organic , Non-GMO and has low calorie. I just need drinks that are really refreshing and has a good price and GURU hits all those criteria and I'm so glad!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dawn A.
California





Tasty product! Will definitely buy! The flavor was amazing, and knowing it is natural makes me very happy!! Natural is always better, especially when it tastes great!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brandi A.
California





Wow! This is delicious! Completely changed my perception of organic Energy drinks! Tastes so smooth and fruity! I will definitely purchase more!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rebekah S.
California





Great taste, not the chemical laden flavors of regular energy drinks and the perfect boost for my busy life. I love this drink!! Also, none of the jitters or crash after
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cole J.
California





I'm glad that I was able to try this. It's honestly not to bad if you are looking for a more natural energy. But that being said there is some downsides. Natural Guarana has a steady rise of alertness and energy. But also comes with a sudden crash once it's all used up. That's because there are no synthetics that carry the Caffeine. The flavor is mellow yet sharp. Definitely has that "natural" flavor. All in all, it's not a bad drink. Definitely a plus for those looking for non synthetics and wanting natural energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cita V.
California





Great energy drink!! I would definitely try it again. It's the right amount of energy I needed. I wasn't able to finish all but I sip on its through the day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






April B.
California





Got the regular guru. Had a lightly carbonated  texture & a fruit punch taste. Purchacing more within the next week. Wish i would have found the larger size.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


jaspreet k.
California





I was a big coffee drinker until i realized how much sugar and creamer I was consuming in my 'cup of joe'. I also realized the energy crash later was due to my coffee fix. Discovering Guru was the perfect answer for me! The taste takes a little getting used to, (best ice cold) but the energy boost is just right and I don't seem to have the crash later. My son uses it for work-outs, and my employer and I swear it makes us happy! Also, I have gotten so I like the taste. Please don't ever stop making guru!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Karen F.
California





Not overpowering like most energy drinks that I buy. This has no B vitamins and doesn't taste like a vitamin B drink. Instead it has a real smooth lite flavor. It has like a light fruit taste, almost like a carbonated flavored water/juice, and is really not too sweet. It taste real unique and is made with all natural ingredients. I like it, I would definitely recommend this product to help support the immune system. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tina L.
California





I really love this GURU all Natural Organic Energy drink it gave me the Energy I needed to get through my day today I love the fact my heart didn't feel like it was gonna pop out of my chest and it did not give me the gutters I told my co-workers at work and shared the info with my family Thank You Social Nature for letting me participate in this campaign!☺
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Susan R.
California





I enjoyed the flavor of the Original flavor very much. I drank it at the start of my day to determine whether it would give me energy. It did, but I still needed a full cup of coffee about an hour later.  Probably best when needed just a bit more energy but not a full load.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Fung L.
California





I like it because its healthier than the main stream energy drinks.  like the taste of this product. I hope they will lower the price in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kristy S.
California





I'm not normally an energy drink person.  I always worry that they are too unhealthy.  This one has good ingredients.  Sweetened with stevia.  The taste is nice and it didn't leave me feeling jittery or shaky like I thought it might.  Overall good drink.  A little too sweet for my taste, which is the only reason that I gave it a 4.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Yesenia V.
California





I really like the Guru Natural  Energy drink that's  vegan, organic, gluten free and with low calories. It has a nice taste and it does get you an energy boost . I hope we can get more flavors, we have to options Original and Lite(5 Calories).
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nicole A.
California





Loved it didnt feel the drowsy afterwards loved it.  Not sure what else to say about. I 💘 the taste it it. Please make other flavors that would be awsome
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kristina D.
California





I like all the features GURU has but it has interesting taste. I wouldn't say that it is my favorite flavor. This is the only issue I have with GURU energy drink. I recommended it already to most of my friends because some of them really like energy drinks and they drink a lot. So, instead of buying energy drinks that causes health problems, it is better to get an organic one. Nice product overall.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Jessie A.
California





Crisp flavor that's not too overwhelming like other energy drinks.  Gives a nice boost without all the added ingredients.  5 calories is a bonus as well, I love how I can enjoy this Energy Drink guilt free.
I was provided free for my Honest opinion and I love it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tiana S.
California





It had a really nice taste.  Ive tried other drinks that have a weird after taste, this does not!!  Its something I would buy on mu own, and recommend to my friends/family who are all about organic products.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christine C.
California





I am highly recommending the Guru Natural Energy Drink.  I really liked the fact that it is organic, vegan, gluten free and only has five calories per can.  I did not experience any jitteriness, shakiness or nervousness using this energy drink.  I really like the natural occurring caffeine as it gave me energy without the usual side effects of other energy drinks.  I was also very impressed with the taste of this energy drink.  No gross after taste.  I really enjoyed this energy drink and I have purchased it.  I highly recommend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marin M.
California





It was delicious. I liked its taste. I probably will buy it again and recommend it to people who like to drink energy drinks. Also, I liked that it is organic, vegan and gluten-free.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jessica W.
California





Refreshing clean flavors. This energy drink also puts a zoom to zip. I enjoyed the flavor as well. I bought two since this trial one for me and one for my husband.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Aly H.
California





Good flavor actually couldn't find in stores so I bought on my own off of amazon. It woke me up but not jittery. Drank over long duration of time to ensure I didn't become too amped up
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kay z.
California





taste like redbull but less sugary, which was great because i didn't get that "crash" effect right away. Great flavour, kept me going for my 8hr shift smoothly!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


lola b.
OH





I must admit that I am always needing some sort of energy push, and I most definitely can become a connoisseur of energy drinks. Guru Natural Energy Drink came through 100%. The taste was not too sweet, and actually tasted like a flavorful light fruit beverage. Guru was not too heavy and I could feel the pick up immediately. Bottom line is this energy drink is great in taste, gives me the pick up I need, almost immediately, and does not hurt the pocket book, like so many other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stacey L.
California





My friend actually mixed it in his alcoholic beverage. He said it was a great taste and would definitely purchase this product. Also great having such low calories
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Janene Z.
California





Guru natural energy drink was much better than I expected.  The taste was very pallitable.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Amy D.
California





Well, I don't know how much energy I got from this, but it didn't seem to have any negative effects.  The flavor is good, hard to describe, and I really like that it doesn't have many calories.  It's not as expensive as alternatives such as RedBull, and I like that, too.  Overall I like it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


sally l.
California





My mother tried this and she liked this alot.  She says this made her feel more energized when she drank this.  She said she will try this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






REYNALDO D.
California





Great start to my day! Tastes great too. Will definitely recommend to a friend or family. And i got to try it for free. Care of social nature
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Diana C.
California





So I love the fact that this energy drink is organic. That is the best thing about it. I only had the one for sampling so I did give me a boost when i needed it and doesn't taste harsh like some of the other energy drinks I have tasted. Some are too sweet or not sweet enough and I think this one was balanced, but that is just my opinion. I liked it but the best things are that its vegan gluten free non gmo and it comes in light for those counting calories
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Robin H.
California





I had a difficult time finding this item in stores however I eventually did. The taste was pleasant and the drink seemed to give me a "boost" without any shakes. Being an organic product was a U.S...
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maria B.
California





Guru natural energy drink was great.  It tasted good, did not give me the jitters and I did not crash.  Great stuff.  Knowing that it is a natural energy drink makes it all the better.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Arnold F.
California





I rarely drink energy drinks but on occasion when I need a boost I try one and Guru was really effective in giving me a boost and the plus is it tasted quite good as well.  :)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Chenay H.
California





I am usually not a big drinker of energy drinks but this one tasted good and had me full of energy! it didn't upset my stomach or make me feel sick or anything! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dianne B.
California





I had a hard time locating this drink but when I did I found it to be ok. I was not impressed with the flavor but the fact that it is organic helped.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alison F.
California





Guru is my favorite energy drink. I typically don't purchase them as I don't care for the flavor and some gives me a headache. Guru had a nice light flavor effervescence. I will definitely purchase again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






amber s.
California





It was delicious, great price, made with natural ingredients, and easy to find! It gave me energy without the jitters and crash. I have ready recommended to friends that love it too.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Liane Chan C.
North Carolina





I've tried this Energy drink a couple of times now and found the taste pleasantly sweet. I guess it gave me more energy than usual, so a nice pick me up at the office.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erika R.
California





This energy drink is my favorite overall. It is excellent quality and tastes delicious. It boosts my energy without the feeling of fatigue you get from coffee. Bonus is its natural ingredients organic for a guilt free pleasure
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mary H.
California





I had a hard time finding this in stores I frequently, so I had to wait until it was stocked.  I found it refreshing.  I don't normally drink energy drinks, as I don't need boosts.  However, finding an organic one should I need it was helpful.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Brittany H.
California





Has a great taste and not too sweet. Love that is natural caffeine. And the fact that is organic is the best part about it.
Love this as I do not really drink other energy drinks due to added ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Scott B.
California





Great flavor and fast pick me up. love that it is lite and low in calories. I will tell my friends and have already purchased again.  My whole family enjoys it and we try to drink it regular.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Bárbara M.
California





I'm not into buying energy drinks unless is a green juice, however I think this is an interesting product it being a more natural alternative and with organic ingredients. I liked the taste and it made me feel good! Especially with me being partly sleep deprived being a new mom. I would definitely recommend this product and will likely buy it again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Merrique R.
California





It gave me energy without a sugar crash. I was able to go all day with only a few breaks which was pretty awesome. I love that it's gluten free.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lulu W.
California





I received a coupon to purchase this item free and it came in the nick of time. I had been in a allergy fed gloom for two days my usual pills where not doing the trick.  I tried this and nothing happened immediately but within two hours my gloomy doom was gone.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alejandra T.
California





I usually don't like energy drinks, but this one was okay. wouldn't really buy it again. I did really like the packaging. I would not buy this product but maybe would recommend to someone that likes organic drinks
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Lorna P.
California





it had a natural flavor, wasn't too strong,, did not make me shaky and it was organic. I would consider purchasing it again for sure.  Good deal!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Teresa K.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks since most are full of ingredients that can do more harm than good.  However, I recently attended an all day training for group fitness and I decided it to try out the GURU natural energy drink  to prepare me for the intense physical activities of the day.  Normally, I am sensitive to caffeine, but I didn't particularly feel any jitters or side effects when I drank GURU natural energy drink.  I liked the taste, which didn't have an aftertaste, as what I would expect...and it kept my energy going throughout the day.  Overall, I enjoyed trying this product out, and like that this is a healthier alternative energy drink than what's on the market.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Janet R.
California





Great taste, great mood lift, & without the crash!  I would most def recommend this to my friends & family!  What better drink could you get!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


michelle b.
California





i loved it. it has a great taste. i felt energized for a few hours. i love that it is gluten-free, vegan & non-gmo. and, yes, i would definitely recommend to my friends and family.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Grace H.
California





I liked the Organic Energy Drink but I wasn't too impressed with it. The taste was interesting because it was organic, but overall was okay!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Oran K.
California





was better tasting than redbull plus its natural i drove 5 hrs from la to vegas full of energy and no crash i would really recommend this drink
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ricky S.
California





What a great drink and pick me up in the middle of the day. Not too fizzy and very energetic.  Not too sweet or heavy.  Totally works for pre workout.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Bonnie C.
California





I tried the original energy drink. The taste was fine. It tasted like other ones I've had. I had no problems with it. I don't know if it really gave me more energy. I felt the same after I drank it. It didn't make my heart beat faster like other energy drinks. That was a good thing.  I may try it again because of it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Elizabeth H.
California





I usually HATE the taste of energy drinks, however the GURU Natural Energy Drink is so different!  I actually LOVE the refreshing, crisp flavor.  It gives me energy without the caffeine jitters , and best part is it tastes great too.  I love that it is also all natural and does not have horrible chemicals in it and dangerous levels of caffeine.  I will most certainly be purchasing this energy drink from now on for my commute to work every morning!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christina F.
California





This energy drink is by far better than any of the name brands that I've tried. It provides great energy without the jitters and without the after energy crash
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Star S.
California





I am surprised that this didn't taste as bad as most energy drinks. I try to avoid energy drinks unless I really need to have one. To me, it's a 4 star product because I wouldn't grab it if I was shopping in the store unless I was really in the need for it. It's not that bad but it's not something I would put in my body every time I need an energy boost. I am trying to be more "whole food, clean eating" type of person.  I would recommend this to others though!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Joanna R.
California





Great pre-workout drink to boost your focus and give you a bit of energy before a game or race. Tastes best served cold! Try it for yourself
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Amanda r.
California





It was ok not sure if i would drink everyday but it wasn't to bad i might or might not buy this drink but on the other my son loved it thats a plus
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kirsten H.
Kansas





I had my husband try this natural energy drink instead of his usual filled with nonsense energy drink. And he said he liked it! The flavor was good, gave him good energy to get through his shift!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






kay s.
California





Love the taste! Take it to keep me going throughout my day it helps. I like that it is sweetened with stevia... Will definitely buy when I need a pick me up
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


M M.
California





Better than other energy drink, I really enjoyed each and every lil' sip. I would highly recommend this to my family and friends.  I would say I like it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lupe T.
California





Really surprised at the taste of this energy drink. The ones that I have tasted before were strong and the flavor was not very pleasant but this drink was different. The taste was so refreshing and energizing. Not too mention it's Vegan. I have found my new energy drink to take with me to give me that energy boost that we need every now and then.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Allysin V.
California





This actually worked to give me energy. I work in a physically demanding environment, and after 12 hour days, I really just have enough for the commute and then to crash out when I get home. Not so great when I am the primary caretaker of an energetic toddler. Much to my relief, the GURU drink was offered and for me it was a must have.
It actually worked rather well. The taste was smooth and not funky like a lot of energy drinks tend to be. It gave me the energy to keep pushing as I drank it with my break meal. It takes a lot to pep me up, but surprisingly, this did. Kudos!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Candice D.
California





A slightly sweet and fizzy all natural energy drink that doesn't make you feel guilty about drinking it. The can was easy to hold and I liked the design on the label, it was very eye-catching. I liked how I felt like I was drinking a soda but without all the extra calories. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a quick and long-lasting pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jacqueline P.
California





this stuff was really awesome!! I have told all of my friends to buy it. Very tasty, color was ok, tastes really good when it is cold!

Thank you so very much!, 
Jacqueline Padilla
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kelly G.
California





I liked that it was all natural but still gave me the energy I needed to get through the day.  It had a good tasted to it and I really enjoyed it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


lor h.
California





This is a great energy drink. It tastes great and in my opinion worked better then others I've had in the past. I also didn't feel like I had the crash you get with similar products.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Susanna L.
California





I loved it, it tasted great and gave me just the right amount of energy with no jitters. I liked that it had real cane sugar instead of artificial sweetener.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gayle S.
California





One of the best energy drinks I ever tried.  Didnt leave me feeling jittery.  The taste was not as sweet as other energy drinks. I like that it is organic, vegan and gluten free.  I would definately buy this again.  It was easy to find at the grocery store.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Bonnie S.
California





I think it's good, but I wouldn't buy it. It tasted better than any energy drink I have had in the past, however it didn't seem to give me an extra boost of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Cherry O.
California





Love that this has natural and organic ingredients, gluten free, and is NON-GMO project verified. Gave me the much needed boost for the day. It has the usual energy drink taste.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Andrea C.
California





When taking all factors into consideration this is best energy drink by I've had hands down. The taste is unique, not artificial at all. The effect is more of a smooth climb with a bonus increase in mental awareness. No initial energy jolt and no hard crash. That being said if you have been up for two days you will not reap the full benefits of any energy drink, get some sleep.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marlin R.
California





I love this product! It gave me soo much energy....love it!!! I am a busy mommy and this works marvelous ....this is just great after workout
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






sample h.
California





When taking all factors into consideration this is best energy drink by I've had hands down. The taste is unique, not artificial at all. The effect is more of a smooth climb with a bonus increase in mental awareness. No initial energy jolt and no hard crash because instead of just caffeine anhydrous, this uses a blend of guarana, ginseng, and gingko biloba for energy., I can easily say that GURU is among the very best. Using natural, organic ingredients (organic, vegan, no gluten, no GMO's) and natural caffeine, GURU manages to be tastier than most of the competition without having to resort a bevy of artificial flavors.I find the taste enjoyable,  It's not too harsh and has refreshing flavor.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Hannah L.






LOVE!! This thing is just sugar but it does give me a boost of energy. I did not experience any crash. The taste is fruity and fantastic. Definitely recommend and will repurchase!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






humera t.
California





love this new energy drink best part is that its organic Non-GMO with Naturally occurring caffeine gave me tons of energy with just 5 calories which is kinda cool
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Araceli A.
California





I drink energy drinks on occasion but not all the time. I usually don’t like getting the jitters and some do cause jitters. I also hate the taste of some of them. I really wanted to try Guru because I have never had Organic energy drinks before. I decided to take one after returning from a trip in the afternoon and decided that I wanted to go to yoga that night but wasn’t sure if I had the energy for it. I took it about an hour before going to the gym I ran for 15 minutes and did an hour yoga class.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted. It had a light sparkling natural taste. I felt really great throughout my workout. I didn’t get this surge or jolt of energy, but I noticed that I didn’t feel tired at all. I also never got the jitters which was my biggest concern. I really like Guru. I'm very impressed.  I would recommend it to any of my friends.
**I received this complimentary product for testing and reviewing purposes.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shiva R.
California





Loved how it was gluten-free, it gave me some energy, however Im not much of a energy drinking person, but overall good! It was perfect sweetness to me, good taste and easy to find at the store!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Victoria I.
Maryland





I could taste the green tea, which was a little too strong of a taste, but I definitely felt energized and didn't have to worry about a sugar crash afterward.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






EVGENIYA S.
California





I like that its all organic and natural! Taste is good. I used it during a hard working day and it definitely helped me to stay alive till the end. Will recommend to my friends as a good alternative for other energetics
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nora L.
California





This was really good and didn't feel like it gave me a bad jolt or a crash after. The taste was more mellow compared to the flavor of the fruit punch rockstar drink. I enjoyed drinking this healthier drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marla K.
California





it was great tasting and i love them thanks for the sample i bought a few more i like them so much and so did my older son i will be getting more soon
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


April G.
California





I really liked the Guru Natural Energy Drink.  It had a nice flavor. I drank it before a workout, and it gave me plenty of energy to sustain me during and after my workout. I love that it is all natural, organic , and non GMO. I tried the original one in the 8oz size, and would definitely recommend this to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






daphne c.
California





the drink is good because it is sweet and good . It was my first time drinking this product. I would like to buy it and drink more of it because it is very good.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lexi K.
California





Not as harsh as other energy drinks. I prefer this one to any! The taste also isn't so potent compared to other energy drinks, as well. & I love the fact that it's only 5 cals!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






LAUREN G.
California





TRIED GURU LITE. TASTED GREAT WITH ONLY 5 CALORIES. WISH IT WAS MORE AVAILABLE IN ALL STORES ORGANIC AND VEGAN!! IT HAS NATURAL OCCURRING CAFFEINE WHICH IS A GREAT SELLING POINT FOR ME
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Macie H.
California





Tasted great! I got the low calorie version. I definitely felt energized after drinking it. I loved the fact that it was made from naturally occurring caffeine.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






gera m.
California





Great product you can't go wrong with a vegan energy drink! I thought the tatse of it was really pleasant and I also noticed that after I drank it before my run I had a lot of eneegy to finish all my miles. I recommend this for teens and adults.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jill B.
California





Delicious, I like that it's vegan non-GMO and made with high quality ingredients. It did give me more energy (I stayed up later anyway), although, I usually don't try to have more energy, I just like that it's a good beverage. #GotItFree #VeganTown #VeganInSanDiego
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Flor L.
California





I really did like Guru energy drink. The best part it's organic. It did have quite Bit of sugar but the taste was great.  As for flavor it taste like a fruit drink. Plus it did gave me some energy through the my day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Leticia B.
California





Nice presentation the drink tasted ok I'm not into energy drinks but this tasted ok to me thank you for the free tasting.
I would recommend it to anyone that likes energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Maria J.
California





Love it! I am so satisfied whit this product ! Not to sweet very tasty I am working at food service, allways runing and Organic Energic Drink its just perfect! Plus its natural!!! Well Done guys! Thanks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


TRACY O.
California





I really like this! Good for you ingredients, tastes great, no funky after-taste, and lower carbs and sugars compared to similar products. Additionally, the cost is much lower compared to other brands.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Bee B.
California





What I liked about the guru energy drink is that is organic, its much better than all those high sugar energy drinks. This only has 5 calories and is non-gmo, its natural and pretty tasty.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Laura A.
California





Wow guru is organic vegan and it gives you so much energy and it is non gmo! Finally a healthy drink that gives you energy with natural caffeine
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nancy S.
California





This Guru energy drink was good tasting and gave me a boost in energy. I will purchase this and I will recommend it to friends. I prefer to puyrchase only orgabic foods and drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Isabel R.
California





The best natural energy drink and tried the Guru is always really recommend you feel very well and is natural and organic and can be purchased at sprouts
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






deanna h.
California





great tasting energy drink. would highly recommend thisi really loved trying this product. it was better than I thought it would be and will buy again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Randy S.
California





the Guru energy drink was good. it tasted good and did increase my energy. i drank half of the can at one time and it was good for 2 days. I would purchase and recommend this energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mellodee M.
California





I got a coupon to try Guru Energy Drink. I thought it was pretty tasty. It had a nice boost of energy without the jitters or crazy crash. I will definitely get this again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Colin C.
California





I always try to eat and drink healthy especially when it's organic.   Normally I am not a fan of energy drinks  because of the ingredients that are hard to read and understand.  Since this one was organic,  I enjoyed it more because of the enjoyable taste, unlike other energy drinks. Plus it's healthier and has organic ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sarah M.
California





I drank it in the morning and it gave me energy into the midday. It tasted good, better than other energy drinks I've had. And it didn't have an unpleasant after taste!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Philip R.
California





Who knew they made organic energy drinks with natural caffeine? I was surprised how good this tasted and it really perked me up too! I prefer it now to Red Bull and can't wait to try other flavors. I really love that this is organic, gluten free and non GMO. Guru energy drink is my new fav!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Katherine S.
California





It was so good! I would definitely recommend this to everybody. I drank this drink on my break at work and it helped me get through my 8 hour shift. It wasn't too sugary for me and it had the best taste for an energy drink. I would definitely buy drink again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


T. R.
California





This is the best energy drink that I have ever had and I have tried all of them.  This not only gave me energy, but it tasted great.  This brand gave me just enough energy.  I didn't give me jitters, which I can ad do appreciate.  Try this drink if you need a little pep in your step.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tinka R.
California





I am use to drinking energy drinks that most are accustom to, but this drink surely surprised me.  I was thinking that this would not be as good as the one I drink mostly.  Do you know that this drink tasted better?  I was pleasantly surprised that this drink was not only great tasting, but gave me the energy that I needed.  I wish I knew about this brand sooner as it seems that I am always the last to know about great products.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kristine K.
California





For being a natural energy drink it's pretty good! There's not many on the market like this and compared to other not all natural drinks it's great!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nikki C.
California





I couldn't personally try it due to being pregnant and not having much caffeine, so I gave it to my husband to try. Took him a bit to get use to the flavor. He's use red bull and monster. I got him the original and it seemed to give him great energy. Will buy more for his long and early work days. We got the original since my husband hates anything "lite". I look forward to having one later.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Joanna N.
California





I enjoyed trying this Guru natural energy drink and it really gave me the boost of energy I need to kick start my day.I like that it uses natural products and is safe for consumption and good for your health.I felt mentally alert and energized immediately after using this product.I helps me feel energized during my strenuous workouts at the gym and I feel great after drinking this!I would recommend this to anyone that needs the extra energy to kick start their day and get through a busy day.I liked the taste and I felt like the energy drink worked quickly and efficiently to give me the energy to do what I need to do!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Danielle L.
California





Pretty good energy drink. Seems to work pretty well and has a pleasant flavor. I tried the original flavor and would definitely purchase again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Heather F.
California





Great flavor and kept my energy up!  No bad aftertaste!  Loved that it was easy to find in my local Sprouts, and has only 5 calories.  Will definitely try it again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Eleonora F.
California





I love it! I'm a coffee person, and I was looking for a  natural energy drink! I love it and it's sweetened with Stevia too! Such a great way! This Organic Energy Drink works for me, if you are working on food service for 9 hours , you need it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kenny H.
California





Clean. Crisp. Refreshing. It's a clean energy drink without all the added junk, and it actually tastes pretty good. The flavor isn't amazing but it's still good. If I want an energy drink I'd go for something like this.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michelle T.
California





I had this as a mid-day energizer, and was surprised on how much more awake it made me. The taste was nice and sweet, as I tried the original flavor. I appreciate how it is organic, Non-GMO, and vegan.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


zilda b.
California





Guru natural energy was really good! Lots of sugar tho! But I liked it!! I really like the flavor compared to other energy drinks!! It did serve its purpose!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Hannah Y.
California





gave me good clean energy! it was so delicious and it has good ingredients. better than the average energy drink out on the market. YUMMY!!!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Marina R.
California





I realized being a nursing mom i couldnt have this. So i gave it to my husband who was wide awake hopping around like a bunny around work. He said it tasted good and wish he had it sooner.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Madison B.
California





I love this energy drink! It tastes amazing and is so much better than the generic rockstar or red bull! I love that it is organic and is made with good ingredients
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Madi B.
California





I love guru energy drinks so much! It's so amazing that they are organic! The flavor tastes amazing and they give me so much energy without the shakes
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Greg B.
California





This energy dink is so good! It has the best flavor and what I love the most is that it is organic! I would never go back to any other energy drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maddy M.
California





I love guru energy drinks so much! My husband does as well! It gives you enough caffeine without the crash! We love that it is organic as well!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kazuko S.
California





It has a berry taste to it. It didn't taste overwhelming. I loved it! Its a great size and it sure did keep me energized for a nice period of time. I would actually buy this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


LuvBug A.
California





I had never tried an organic energy drink and this was very tasty. Didn't make me feel jittery like other non organic energy drinks I've tried in the past. Like!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






araina Q.
California





I loved it I'm always on the go it fid glue me a lots of energy I would recommend  it to all my friends they always want to try a new energy  drinks so the is the perfect  drink
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rachel W.
California





I'm so glad I found this energy drink. I can so appreciate that it does not include horrible sweeteners like aspertame or splenda. I also prefer the taste of the drink over the taste of Monster or Rockstar. I also really love that it doesn't give me the jitters that those other popular drinks do. I felt the energy, but it was a smooth increase of energy...not something that made me feel sick or anxious. I would totally recommend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Melody P.
California





I loved this item because it's vegan and organic. The taste is also incredible and would definitely trade the monster that I now consume for guru. Positive experience.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


ROMINA V.
California





My husband tried it and loved it, it wasn't as sugary as most drinks are. However not being a scientist we just cant understand the Organic and energy drink link... not a bad thing but this really gave you a bit of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Binyomin T.
California





I really liked this product. It has a delicious grape taste. After drinking the can I felt like I had more energy to get through the day. I also appreciated that it is organic,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Crystal M.
California





Tasted pretty good for an energy drink, and the ingredients seemed rather natural too. I really appreciate a company who cares about what they are putting in.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Dee W.
California





Actually quite tasty, no jittery feeling.  No quick crashing, works well and is a great pick me up.  Going to keep these on standby for when I need that extra boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Yvonne M.
California





The original has too much sugar, but the price and flavor are good. Next time, I would try a light. However, I'm not sure that there's anything particularly "better" about a natural energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Danielle K.
California





Delicious taste and I love that it is organic, vegan, and gluten free! Helped give me more energy which lasted for hours. Would definitely buy more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Phoenix V.
California





I appreciated the chance to try this drink. It's great to have a healthier organic alternative without the additives & artificial flavours that are part of many energy drinks.  I found it very refreshing, with just enough sweetness. It did increase my energy somewhat without making me feel overly amped up. I also love that it's vegan & non-GMO. The only reason that I wouldn't buy it as frequently is because I found the taste a little strong, but it's a good product that I plan to drink occasionally.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Margit Z.
California





I liked that the drink has low calories and gluten free. Since I buy organic food most of the time I will include it in my shopping list.  It is a healthy drink after my lunch at work.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nita N.
California





Tried the lite version, great refreshing taste and only 5 calories! Felt energized without being jittery. Excellent alternative to sugary energy drinks...
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Joann L.
California





I am in love with this drink. I drank it earlier today for work and gave me a boost of energy.  I did not have the crash like I used to get with other energy drinks.  I like that it is all natural caffeine and the energy is just enough to get through the day. I will definitely purchase this in the future! 5 stars on my book.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Judy V.
California





I really loved this product, I am a huge fan of energy drinks. Most conventional ones contain so many terrible ingredients, so it's kind of hard to justify purchasing them. It took a while for me to get a hold of this product since the store is a bit far, I wish they sold this in more locations. I really enjoyed it, it was sweet; but not overwhelming need water feel. It was very smooth and fizzy, and it didn't contain stevia. I usually hate natural organic drinks that contain stevia since they give me a headache; this product didn't do that. I enjoyed every minute of it and didn't want it to end. I would completely recommend this to everyone, I will purchase it on occasion since it's a bit higher in price; although I can justify paying higher for a healthier alternative. Overall I was beyond impressed, I was very surprised by the quality; I truly enjoyed it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Victoria V.
California





It's o.k. not my cup of tea, but it's something I can occasionally drink from time to time. I was pretty excited to try it out and see what it taste like. I would love to describe the taste to it but I really can't explain it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sandy N.
California





Ive never tried an organic energy drink before. I liked that it was low in calories and was a natural energy drink. I liked that it didnt make me crash because the caffeine was naturally occurring. I thought it tasted pretty good, I drank it cold straight from the can. I found this at Sprouts. They had a regular and lite version of this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Eli g.
California





such an awesome product. finally a good tasting drink. naturally organic, vegan and with lots of flavor. i found this at my local health store and it was grate
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Pedro V.
California





When I first came across this product I was a bit skeptical since I have tried several other energy drinks and have had a horrible withdrawal experience. This was my first time trying an organic energy drink and it was great! The taste is wonderful along with the energy boost I needed. It did not make me feel jittery nor did I crash. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for either a healthier alternative or just needs a quick boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Le U.
California





I really liked this drink and it being natural is a nice change.  This is an energy drink that I look forward to purchasing again! I liked to taste and natural caffeine .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jeneique J.
California





I purchased the original 12 oz Guru . I had to purchase the original due to the sweetener used in the lite. This energy drink had a great taste to it . I read all the ingredients before drinking and was confident I was drinking something better for me. Comparitive to other energy drinks this was the only one I could drink .  I drank this on a day when I had no coffee and it did the job of my coffee .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Janet W.
California





gives me the energy needed! I like the fact that it is organic because i want to make sure the products I am consuming dont affect my body like others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jackie M.
California





I like it . Although it is not something I would purchase but I would recommend it to a friend that might like it and purchase it themselves.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Hiromi B.
California





The taste was better than I expected, and it was easy to find at a nearby Whole Foods. I liked it. I wish the price is a bit lower than I saw there.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Amy Z.
California





I really loved the flavor and it works great I was also extremely happy that it was organic,I would highly recommend this product to someone to buy
That's how great it was.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kathryn K.
California





Sometimes even the healthiest and most conscious of foodies wants to imbibe in a 'naughty' energy drink in a can,   Really cool that Guru has an organic alternative.  I couldn't be happier for this option to arrive!  Sadly I usually only buy things on sale, but I am definitely going to keep my eyes peeled for when they are so I can stock up on some more.  =D
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


daphne c.
California





The drink was good. It was tasty and i liked it very much. First time trying the drink and was sweet. I would like to tell other people about this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nalani T.
California





This tasted great to me. I felt the flavor was quite a bit better than any other energy type drink I've tried. I wish it was sold in more stores but its available in a few near me. Overall, this was good! I really liked it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Laury D.
California





I like that this is a non GMO product. I really have only found this product at one store, anyways after I tried this energy drink I liked the flavor. I also got a a good amount of energy from it and I didn't feel like it was energy from sugar either, I liked the way this energy felt, it felt natural. I would purchase this product again.  I received this product free or at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christina P.
California





I love the flavor of the energy drink and what I especially liked about this is that it is only 5 calories.  It also is vegan and gluten-free it is also organic. It gave me a lot of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jennifer S.
California





I like that Guru natural energy drink is made from natural ingredients.  I just would prefer it to have less sugar.  The store I went to did not have the lite variety.  I would prefer the lite one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brad k.
California





Loved it. What's great about GURU is that it's not full of crap. And by that I mean pretty much everything in a RedBull. I love Redbull though, wait no, I love the IDEA of Redbull and that's exactly what GURU is! All the benefits without the toxicity.  I will always grab these now instead of the Redbull. I care about my health!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stacy K.
California





This energy drink is awesome.  You know that it is healthy because it is only carried in healthy stores.  This drink gives me lasting good energy without crashing later on.  Give it a try, it works great! I received this for free for testing purposes
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tinkey K.
California





First I want to tell you that this Energy drink Have my name on it :)-. I love the taste and that it is all organic. But I have tried the one with the red can and black GURU on it. Because that's what I had on my free coupon. I wasn't sure so that's what I grabbed what it shows in picture.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tiffany J.
California





This organic energy tasted great! It did give me a good energy boost during my day. I like the fact that the ingredient list are organic ingredients. I would highly recommend this product to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sarah S.
California





This was a great pick-me-up for a busy day. It didn't give a jolt of caffeine like some other brands, but gave me a little boost. The flavor was crisp and fresh, not thick and syrupy like some other energy drinks. I love that it's sweetened with Stevia instead of a chemical sweetener!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mia P.
California





Very effective with lasting energy throughout the day, will be buying again might even switch from Red Bull and/or Monster energy, best part is that it organic!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






amanda m.
California





I have tried many different energy drinks in the past & Guru fits right in with the rest of them. The plus side is that this did not taste any different than non natural products. Bubbly with a smooth flavor. I felt awake after drinking it without having any of the "bloated" feeling afterward that some dinks leave me feeling. Overall I was very pleased and would recommend especially if you only want to drink natural energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Clementina M.
California





Low calorie natural energy drink. You can not beat it! The taste is not the greatest but what energy does. Thank you for the energy provided!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ann W.
California





this drink is so good. I really like the taste too. I drink it before my workout.I would love to tell everyone facebook about this product. yum
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



 
 








