




Planting Ground Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Frerichs  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Planting Ground Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    120 Nw 9 Th Avenue, Suite 212  
    Portland, OR, 97209Phone: (503) 224-9699 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-19


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William E. Frerichs 
 Executive 


 N/A Radnorwood Capital, Llc 
 Executive 












Hampton Creek and Impossible Foods technology



   
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















CNBC Disruptor 50



CNBC Disruptor 50


2017 Disruptor 50 list


 2016 list


2015 List


2014 list


5 years, 147 companies: See them all


Methodology




Bill Gates bets on growing demand for sustainable foodsTaking the chicken out of the egg and the cow out of meat

Bob Woods, special to CNBC.com 

Thursday, 14 May 2015 | 10:00  AM ETCNBC.com



SHARES














show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            Where's the meat? In the veggies: Impossible Foods   
			                        Friday, 15 May 2015 |  8:44  AM ET |  03:31 




  "This is not a product for vegetarians," claimed Patrick Brown, a Stanford biologist and physician turned food-tech entrepreneur about the meatless yet purposely meatlike hamburger his Redwood City, California-based start-up, Impossible Foods, is developing. "Our whole reason for doing this is to provide choices for people who are uncompromising meat lovers."
Up the road in San Francisco, Josh Tetrick, a former college linebacker and Fulbright scholar, insisted that his three-year-old food company, Hampton Creek, which uses a laboratory-born egg substitute to make mayonnaise and cookies, "is not about reaching out to health-conscious consumers. Our whole philosophy is that if you crave something that tastes really freakin' good and is less expensive, even if you don't give a damn, you end up choosing it." 





 
Source: Impossible Foods


  Although this pair of CEOs are vegans, they're adamant about not preaching veganism or vegetarianism to the masses. Instead, they say they are part of the sustainable food movement, which includes the existing spate of soy-based meat substitutes as well as organics and free-range animals. 

They're among a growing group of global leaders who are making it their business to confront the dramatic growth of the world's population, estimated to exceed 9 billion by 2050, which would require raising overall food production by at least 70 percent, the FAO reports. A huge burden on the planet's livestock, land, water and other resources.
 So while Brown and Tetrick decry the global multitrillion-dollar Big Food industry for wreaking havoc on farm animals and the environment, they're also passionate about pioneering better-for-you alternatives that make great business sense—just without proselytizing. And although they're confident that their plant-based products, bioengineered to mimic beef and eggs, will appeal to omnipresent omnivores, like-minded venture capitalists are already voracious.  
 Read MoreFULL LIST: 2015 DISRUPTOR 50 
  "I'm interested in both companies because they're disrupting the food industry, which is long overdue," said Samir Kaul, a partner at Khosla Ventures, the first among numerous VC firms and private investors to have infused $120 million into Hampton Creek and $75 million into Impossible Foods. "Both of them are providing food that is as good if not better, as cheap if not cheaper, and much healthier and more humanely made." 
  Similarly, socially-minded financial backers of those and other food-tech start-ups—such as Beyond Meat, Modern Meadow, Unreal Candy, Nu-Tek Salt and Bright Farms—include Microsoft's Bill Gates, Peter Thiel of Founders Fund, Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing's Horizons Ventures, and twin brothers and serial investors Ali and Hadi Partovi. 
  That's because the market these disruptive companies are targeting is ripe for change. "Raising meat takes a great deal of land and water and has a substantial environmental impact," Gates wrote on his personal blog, Gatesnotes.com. "Put simply, there's no way to produce enough meat for 9 billion people. Yet we can't ask everyone to become vegetarians. That's why we need more options for producing meat without depleting our resources." 
  Dichotomy turns out to be a major ingredient in Hampton Creek's and Impossible Foods' recipes for success. It goes beyond marketing meat replacements to unapologetic meat eaters, beginning with the formulation of the products themselves. Hampton Creek unleashed a team of data scientists and computational biologists to analyze nearly 4,000 plant molecules and build a reasonable facsimile of the chicken egg, using proteins from the Canadian yellow pea and an American variety of sorghum.  





  
Getty Images
Hampton Creek's Just Mayo contains a laboratory-born egg substitute.


"Whether you want to call it disruptive or exponential innovation, there's going to be a transformation in the food industry."
-Barb Renner, vice chairman and U.S. consumer products practice leader, Deloitte LLP


  It's science that produces the all-natural, non-GMO elements inside the company's introductory products, Just Mayo and Just Cookies. Predictably, they're popular at Whole Foods and health-food stores yet also share shelf space alongside Hellmann's and Chips Ahoy at Walmart, Target, Dollar Tree and other Big Food purveyors.
"We think we can use the power of their infrastructure to make a big difference," Tetrick said of what might seem to some as strange bedfellows. Indeed, Hellmann's parent Unilever sued Hampton Creek last fall, declaring that mayonnaise by definition contains eggs, but backed off when media coverage only boosted Just Mayo's exposure. 
Read MoreBillion-dollar-backed unicorns that actually make things 
  Tetrick followed the same strategy when he struck a deal with Compass Group USA, the nation's largest food-service company, and its procurement arm, Foodbuy, to sell Hampton Creek products to health-care organizations, senior living centers, universities and other institutional food providers. "We're the only cookie or the only mayo at Boeing, HP, Google and [Lucasfilm's] Skywalker Ranch," boasted Tetrick about contracts with corporate cafeterias. "That's a huge part of our company."
  Impossible Foods, meanwhile, can only imagine such realities as R&D on its Impossible Burger continues toward a product launch in 2016. Effectively raw ground beef made entirely from plant ingredients, it even "bleeds," thanks to heme, a replica of a molecule in hemoglobin extracted from the roots of legumes.  
  "The burger gets better every week," said Brown, whose team of scientists, chefs, farmers and engineers began tinkering with plants a year and a half ago. Hundreds of taste tests of prototypes have gone well. "We're at a point where it doesn't matter if you're a contractor or a chef. If you aren't told that it is anything other than ground beef, you'll assume it is. We now have to produce a consistently great product at scale." 



Changing consumer appetites

  Marketing plans are in the developmental stage, too, though Brown is keeping specifics under wrap. "Suffice to say, it will be very exciting," he said, hinting that the rollout will feature public events and celebrity chefs.
  Brown reiterated, however, that burger lovers will have no beef with his. He cites research that says, "If an alternative could satisfy them, provide all the pleasure they get from eating meat but was made from plants, they would prefer it." Adept at mixing molecules and metaphors, he added, "If they could have their cake and eat it too, that would be a good thing."
Read MoreGoogle is even more influential than you think
  Naturally, or not, Big Food isn't ceding the better-for-you category to this new breed of food techies. "Whether you want to call it disruptive or exponential innovation, there's going to be a transformation in the food industry," said Barb Renner, vice chairman, Deloitte LLP and U.S, consumer products practice leader. "But I don't think it's limited to just start-ups."









In early May, Panera Bread announced that the restaurant chain will remove all artificial preservatives, colors, sweeteners and flavors from its foods by the end of 2016. The St. Louis company joined at least a dozen Big Food companies and restaurant businesses that plan to reformulate products to eliminate ingredients deemed unsafe or unhealthy. Nestlé  USA is ridding some candies of artificial flavors and colors. Hershey is ditching high-fructose corn syrup. Kraft will use real spices to color its macaroni and cheese orange. McDonald's and Tyson Foods said separately that they will eliminate antibiotics from their chickens—just before a deadly outbreak of Avian flu struck Iowa poultry farms.
  This all plays into the growing consumer demand for transparency and simplicity in food production, which may ironically become a question mark for these high-tech disruptors, suggested Rachel Cheatham, CEO of Chicago-based Foodscape Group, an industry consultancy, and an adjunct professor of nutrition marketing at Tufts University. "The irony is that people who cried out for those kinds of products, the last thing they wanted was a lot of engineering in their food," she said. "If you build a better non-meat patty, you'd better think ahead to the transparency around how many ingredients are in it, what they are and the supply chain." 







show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            Hampton Creek a game-changer in the food space?   
			                        Friday,  1 May 2015 |  6:50  PM ET |  09:17 




  It potentially presents a fine line to tread, where consumers are told that the latest meatless alternatives, made with big data and genomics, are okay. "Our ingredients are naturally occurring proteins and nutrients," Brown said. "I would contrast that with the product we're competing against." 
 —By Bob Woods, special to CNBC.com 










Related Securities




Symbol
Price
 
Change
%Change




WFM

---




ULVR

---




TSN

---




MDLZ

---




KRFT

---




TGT

---




.WMQ

---




DLTR

---




NESN

---




HSY

---




PNRA

---




BA

---




HPQ

---




GOOGL

---




CPG

---













































To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...















































































Controlling Insect Damage | Monsanto
















































 











Innovations
Products
Company





Search anything by typing










Innovations


Research and Development


Controlling Insect Damage








Innovations


Agricultural Biologicals
Plant Breeding
Crop Protection
Data Science
Biotechnology and GMOs
Research and Development


Modern Agriculture




Innovations


Agricultural Biologicals
Plant Breeding
Crop Protection
Data Science


Biotechnology and GMOs
Research and Development
Modern Agriculture






Research and Development


Controlling Insect Damage
Managing Weed Invasions
Preventing Plant Disease
Scientific Process
Supporting Biodiversity




Research and Development


Controlling Insect Damage
Managing Weed Invasions
Preventing Plant Disease


Scientific Process
Supporting Biodiversity












News & Stories


Innovations


Products


Company


Careers


Investors


 Location







Back to Menu


News & Stories
Conversation
News Releases
 








Driving Innovation in Agriculture to Combat Climate Change

Read more



View all news and stories



 
 
 





Back to Menu


Innovations
Agricultural Biologicals
Plant Breeding
Crop Protection
Data Science
Biotechnology & GMOs
Research & Development
Modern Agriculture
 





Growing Sustainably, Using Less
Plant Breeding

									Discovering traits to improve yield, water efficiency and adaptability.
								



 
 
 





Back to Menu


Products
Our Brands
Seeds
Crop Protection
Agricultural Biologicals
Product Stewardship
Safety Information
Learning Centers
 





Our Brands










Asgrow®








DEKALB®








Deltapine®








Monsanto Traits








Acceleron®








De Ruiter®








Channel®








Seminis®








Roundup®


View All Brands
 
 

 

 
 
 





Back to Menu


Company

Leadership
Company History
Media Information
Community Outreach
Business Locations
Partnering & Licensing
Environmental Sustainability
Commitments
Governance
Procurement
Contact Us
 







Contact Us
Have questions or concerns?


Company Fact
We are committed to a carbon neutral footprint by 2021.




Contact Us

											Have questions or concerns? Feel free to reach out and learn more.
										


Name

Email

Next







 
 
 





Back to Menu


Investors
Stock Price
SEC Filings
Presentations and Financial Reports
News Releases
Analyst Coverage
Investor Events
Contact Investor Relations
Investor FAQ
 












{{Exchange}}
{{Symbol}}
{{CurrentPrice}}
{{formattedChange}}




Stock Chart

{{formattedDate}}


 





{{Exchange}}
{{Symbol}}
{{CurrentPrice}}
{{formattedChange}} {{formattedPercentageChange}}


{{DayHigh}}
{{DayLow}}
{{Volume}}
{{NumberofTrades}}


{{formattedDate}}

 
 
 
Stock Price
Annual Report
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





Back to Menu


Careers
Job Search
Frequently Asked Questions
Who We Hire
Working at Monsanto
Inclusion & Diversity
Student Opportunities
Our Benefits
 






Inclusion & Diversity
True innovation requires people who are brave enough to ask big questions and offer truly unique perspectives. Diversity of opinion and knowledge are key to the scientific method, and are therefore key to the way we hire. The more welcoming Monsanto beomes, the more opportunities we have to better serve farmers as they steward the land.

Learn More





Job Search


 Search





 
 
 





Back to Menu





Current region

								United States
							

								Language: English




Select Your Location



North/Central America
United States
Canada
Guatemala
Mexico
Puerto Rico


South America
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Ecuador
Paraguay
Peru




Europe
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Hungary
Italy
Poland
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Spain
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom




Africa
Burkina Faso
Kenya
Malawi
South Africa


Asia Pacific
Australia
China
India
Indonesia
Japan
New Zealand
Philippines
South Korea
Vietnam


 


Don't see the country you're looking for?
Check out more of our locations here


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 















Controlling Insect DamageInsects can be helpful or harmful when growing plants. Whether you’re a farmer with 400 acres or a backyard gardener, you can appreciate the vital benefits provided by pollinators, and the challenges posed by destructive insects. 



[unex_ce_basic_banner_landing layer-name="landing banner" layout="align-center-left" has_overlay="overlay" cutout_image="" cutout_image_filename="Upload Image" cutout_layout="align-bottom" id="content_4am5ag17y" post_id="470" semplice_styles_background_color="transparent" semplice_styles_background_image="https://monsanto.com/app/uploads/2017/03/controllinginsects_banner.jpg" semplice_styles_background_size="auto" semplice_styles_background_position="50% 0%" semplice_styles_background_repeat="no-repeat" semplice_styles_padding_top="0px" semplice_styles_padding_bottom="0px" semplice_styles_padding_left="0" semplice_styles_padding_right="0"]
Controlling Insect DamageInsects can be helpful or harmful when growing plants. Whether you’re a farmer with 400 acres or a backyard gardener, you can appreciate the vital benefits provided by pollinators, and the challenges posed by destructive insects.
[/ce_basic_banner_landing]
Our research pipeline is developing targeted methods for managing insects. For example, a product in early stage development uses a naturally-occurring process known as RNA interference (RNAi) to protect plants from harmful insects. Our goal is to provide farmers with tools needed to control insect damage and improve yield while protecting the biodiversity of life on, and around, the farm.
 Our Projects  BioDirectTM Technology: Canola Flea Beetle*Flea beetles are highly destructive and cause significant economic loss for canola farmers. BioDirectTM technology is being developed to provide a new means to control striped flea beetles without affecting beneficial insects.Applicable Crops: Canola and Oilseed rapeTechnology: Ag Biologicals  BioDirectTMTechnology: Colorado Potato Beetle Control*The Colorado potato beetle has developed resistance to multiple classes of insecticides. This project could provide a new mode of action to protect crops from this pest.Applicable Crops: PotatoTechnology: Ag Biologicals  The BioAg Alliance: BioNematicide for Soy*Soybean cyst nematodes are a damaging crop pest that can impact the production of our reliable and nutritious food supply. This microbial product has the potential to give producers additional tools for management of soybean cyst nematodes in soybeans.Applicable Crops: SoyTechnology: Ag Biologicals  Bollgard® 3 CottonBollgard® 3 builds on the success of its predecessors and is designed to provide cotton producers another tool to control lepidopteran pests, like bollworm and armyworm, that reduce yields. Field trials demonstrate enhanced, season-long protection that supports Monsanto’s commitment to sustainable insect resistance management.Applicable Crops: CottonTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  TreceptaTM CornInsects can cause significant crop damage reducing the yields needed to meet the growing demand for food, feed and fuel. This next-generation product is designed to provide a high level of broad spectrum above-ground control of fall armyworm, corn earworm, corn borers and cutworms. Multiple modes of action provide the potential for reduced refuge acre requirements.Applicable Crops: CornTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Fourth-Generation Above-Ground Insect-Protected Corn*This product is being developed to offer novel modes of action to protect corn from the most damaging above-ground pests throughout the long tropical growing seasons within South America. This innovative product is being developed to deliver the most complete, and durable solution for controlling corn borers, armyworms, and earworms.Applicable Crops: CornTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Fourth-Generation Below-Ground Insect-Protected Corn*This next-generation corn technology is being developed to leverage the naturally occurring RNAi process to provide improved control of corn rootworm, a pest that has been dubbed the “billion-dollar-bug” because of the extreme damage it causes to corn plants.Applicable Crops: CornTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Fourth-Generation Bollgard® Cotton*This cotton product has the potential to offer season-long protection and increased durability against insects that can damage the cotton plant, causing losses to cotton farmers. It’s being designed to provide multiple modes of action against tobacco budworm, cotton bollworm, fall armyworm and pink bollworm.Applicable Crops: CottonTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Second-Generation Insect-Protected SoybeansSecond-generation insect-protected soybeans are designed to expand protection to additional insects, including armyworm and podworm, with the potential to reduce insecticide use. Multiple modes of action can improve performance and increase product durability.Applicable Crops: SoyTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Third-Generation Insect-Protected Soybeans*Insect damage to soybeans can reduce the yields that enable farmers to meet the growing global demand. This project has the potential to provide durable protection against lepidopteran insects, with fewer insecticides.Applicable Crops: SoyTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Lygus-Control Cotton*Damage from thrips, lygus and fleahopper bugs can result in slow early season growth and reduced yields. This product has the potential to be the first to extend the spectrum of insect control to all three pests, while potentially reducing insecticide use.Applicable Crops: CottonTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  SmartStax® PRO Corn*Corn rootworms cause extreme damage to corn plants. SmartStax® PRO is designed for full-season control of below-ground insects and later-season larvae through three modes of action. It combines Genuity® SmartStax® corn rootworm protection with an additional plant-incorporated protectant that employs the naturally occurring RNAi process to control targeted pests.Applicable Crops: CornTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Fifth-Generation Above-Ground Insect-Protected Corn*This project under development aims to offer novel modes of action to protect corn against the broadest spectrum of above-ground pests, such as corn earworm and fall armyworm. Additional modes of action increase product durability.Applicable Crops: CornTechnology: Plant Biotechnology  Second-Generation Soybean Cyst Nematode ResistanceThis project has the potential to offer improved plant health and additional protection against multiple races of soybean cyst nematodes, one of the most devastating soybean pests in the U.S.Applicable Crops: SoyTechnology: Plant Breeding  Microbial BioControl Platform*The BioControl platform is being developed to use fungi, bacteria and other microorganisms to help protect plants against diseases or insects. This microbial platform has the potential to provide U.S. corn and soybean growers with another tool for controlling disease insects in their fields.Applicable Crops: Corn and SoyTechnology: Ag Biologicals *Commercialization is dependent on multiple factors, including successful conclusion of the regulatory process. The information presented herein is provided for educational purposes only, and is not and shall not be construed as an offer to sell, or a recommendation to use any unregistered pesticide, including but not limited to (the product at issue), for any purpose whatsoever. It is a violation of federal law to provide or offer to sell an unregistered pesticide.























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















































Gardening | Old Farmer's Almanac









































Skip to main content






















Old Farmer's Almanac





Old Farmer’s Store Login





Search 





ORDER NOW!























                      Gardening                    











Share: 







 
















How to Beat Bugs
How to Beat Bugs in Your...
While some insects are beneficial, others are an ever-present pest in the vegetable garden, but there’s no reason they should get the better of you, or your crops.





 

















Growing Sunflowers
Sunflowers
Sunflowers say “summer” like no other plant. American natives, sunflowers are grown for beauty as well as harvested for seed.





 








Keep Your New Garden Growing


Top 10 Veggies.
Almanac Editors Tips- water, feed, pest control, harvest
 

 You will also be subscribed to our Almanac Companion Newsletter
 




















Frost DatesEnter a Location





 


















Harvesting Basil
Basil
Basil is a warm-weather, fragrant herb that tastes great in Italian dishes—and let’s not forget homemade pesto! When growing basil, be sure to keep...





 















Quickly-Maturing Plants
5 Fast-Growing Vegetables...
As you harvest vegetables from the garden, fill in the gaps with fast-growing vegetables. Here are 5 of our favorites.





 

















Ripeness Guide!
When to Harvest Vegetables...
How do you know when to pick vegetables at the peak of flavor? When is your fruit ripe for picking? See our fruit and vegetable harvesting guide for the most...





 

































Time for Thyme
Thyme
Thyme is a small perennial shrub with lots of branches and light purple to pink flowers. Here’s how to grow thyme in your own garden.





 




Gardening Tips

When there is less than an inch of rain in a week, water extra. Water in early morning. More 

















Planting Second Crops
Succession Gardening Chart
See our successive gardening chart listing last planting dates for second-season crops. To calculate the best time to plant your second (or...





 





Gardening Question of the DayAre there plants that can repel ants? 










































 


















































Planting Roots in the Ground

















































































Explore Conservation, Sustainability, and more!ConservationSustainabilityRootsForwardHere's how our customers donations to the Conservation Fund have made difference in sustainability! | My U-Haul StorySee MoreAbout FootballFootball FootballFootball SeasonFootball ConcussionsNational Football LeagueFood NutritionWatch This VideoFood For ThoughtSuper BowlForwardNote: this photo was published in a Nov 2, 2010 blog titled "Football Concussion Studies." It was also published in a Jan 3, 2011 blog titled "FROM THE CREAM OF THE CROP TO THE BOTTOM OF THE BARREL." It was also published in an Oct 4, 2011 blog title watch this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pckp_361ezgSee Moreby Ed YourdonMeet U-Haul Boxman ElvisDescendants OfForwardMeet Boxman Elvis -- A Direct Descendant Of The King Of Rock-N-Roll | My U-Haul StoryTop 10 Scenic #uhaulfamous Photos: Sky EditionThe SkySunrisesForwardMoving doesn't have to be boring -- check out what these movers captured as they chased the skies, sunset to sunrise | My U-Haul StorySee MoreTeam U-Haul WOWs in GettysburgCustomer ExperienceCustomer ServiceGettysburgThe TeamHad ToForwardCustomer service has always been a big part of the U-Haul culture. Still, the team at U-Haul of Gettysburg were shocked when they read one customer's lengthy 5-star review. Learn more about what made this customer's experience so special and what he had to say about the Gettysburg employees.| My U-Haul StoryWhat does Memorial Day Mean to UFederal HolidaySupport Our TroopsMemorial DayThe TeamForwardMembers of the U-Haul team share what Memorial Day means to them | Support Our TroopsSee MoreTop 10 #Uhaulfamous Entries: Team Member EditionCustomers aren't the only ones who can be #uhaulfamous! Here are our top 10 uhaulfamous entries submitted by U-Haul team members! | My U-Haul StorySee MoreU-Haul Sponsors Pat’s Run, Pays Tribute to Hero Pat TillmanSupport Our TroopsFoundationHeroesForwardU-Haul Sponsors Pat’s Run -- Pays Tribute to Hero Pat Tillman | Support our TroopsSee MoreHillcrest Service Station and U-Haul Dealership: 60 Years of Change and GrowthJerry O'connellForwardWhen it comes to representing U-Haul, no one does it better than Jerry and his team in Bethany! Click through to learn what 60 years of U-Haul dealer success is like! | My U-Haul StorySee More#UhaulFamous Photos from LondonKid CheckOntarioForwardFrom cheerful employees to adorable kids, check out what makes London, Ontario so special | My U-Haul StorySee MorePinterestSearchfacebookLog in with FacebookContinue with GooglePrivacy







3d189b3a56592feb64849e7f2ce1d76d










	Mayor, Flex-N-Gate Break Ground on Nearly $100M New Detroit Manufacturing Facility, Plant to Create Up To 700 Jobs - News | City of Detroit































Subscribe to our Email | Mobile Apps  | 

























X

How Do I...Index A to ZAppealApply for PermitsApply for LicensesDo Business with the CityFileFindFind Community ServicesFind Detroit ArchivesFind Health ProgramsFind Youth ProgramsLocate TransportationMobile AppsObtain Grant InformationObtain Voter InformationPayRegisterReportProperty Assessment DocumentsRequest a ServiceView City of Detroit ReportsView Publications and NewslettersVolunteerObtain Detroit IDGovernmentMayor's OfficeAdministrationCorrespondenceOffice of Immigrant AffairsMayor's Help DeskCity CouncilBrenda JonesOffice DirectorySenior CornerPress Releases and StatementsResolutions and OrdinancesTask ForceJaneé L AyersBiographyOffice DirectoryMediaNewslettersResolutions and OrdinancesReturning Citizen's Task ForceJames TateResolutions and StatementsAnnouncementsVideosTask ForceGeorge CushingberryOffice DirectoryNewsletters and DocumentsAnnouncementsScott BensonOffice DirectoryAndre SpiveyOffice DirectoryPress Releases and StatementsTask ForceMary SheffieldConversations with the CouncilwomanNewslettersMediaOffice DirectoryStatementsDistrict 5 Neighborhood PoliceRaquel Castañeda-LópezImmigration Task ForceGabe LelandOffice DirectoryNewsletters and AnnouncementsStanding Committee StructureCity Council SessionsMeeting Video ArchivesCity ClerkCity Council SessionsDepartments and AgenciesBoardsCommissionsNewsCalendar & Events











GO




|








 










|






















  





GO



















News from the City Government
























24



Mayor, Flex-N-Gate Break Ground on Nearly $100M New Detroit Manufacturing Facility, Plant to Create Up To 700 Jobs
							

			  posted on 4/24/2017 12:30:00 PM 
























Global auto supplier to be newest tenant at I-94 Industrial Park
Flex-N-Gate committed to hiring Detroiters first
Detroit-based, minority owned contractors to help build facility 

 
Mayor Mike Duggan, Flex-N-Gate owner Shad Khan, along with state and local officials and community leaders today officially broke ground on the global auto supplier’s new $95 million manufacturing facility on the city’s east side. It will be the largest investment by an auto supplier in the City of Detroit in over 20 years. The 350,000 square foot facility, which is expected to open about a year from now, will become a new centerpiece to the city’s growing I-94 industrial Park and is a sign of the city and state’s success in attracting more manufacturing jobs back to Detroit.
 
Flex-N-Gate is a top global auto supplier of exterior trim components, aluminum and steel modular stamped body in white and chassis assemblies, lighting and other OEM automotive products. Announced last year, the facility will supply parts to Ford Motor Company and will create at least 400 and up to 700 new jobs in Detroit over the next three years; at full capacity, up to 750 total jobs could be added.
Flex-N-Gate has committed to hiring 51% of its construction workforce from within the city of Detroit and awarding at least 30% of construction work to Detroit-based companies. Tooles Contracting Group, a Detroit-based and minority owned company, has been selected to perform the majority of civil work prior to construction of the new facility. Flex-N-Gate also has committed to develop a comprehensive hiring plan in conjunction with the City’s Human Rights Department and Detroit Employment Solutions, Corp., to help ensure permanent jobs for Detroiters. A general contractor to lead construction will be selected in the months ahead.
As the facility nears completion, Flex-N-Gate will hold job fairs where interested Detroiters can learn more about jobs being offered and apply. Residents interested in applying can learn more at www.Flex-N-Gate.com/detroit. Most of the hiring will take place in mid-2018 once the facility is complete.
“This new facility is an example of how Detroit has become much more attractive to large manufacturers like Flex-N-Gate,” said Mayor Mike Duggan. “Shad Khan has made a strong commitment to hiring Detroiters and use Detroit-based contractors and is committed to using this project and this new facility to provide employment opportunities to as many Detroiters as possible. They have been a great community partner.”
“I have always believed that the embodiment of the American Dream is in manufacturing, and nowhere is that dream becoming more real and attainable for workers and families today than in the U.S. auto industry,” Khan said. “Detroit is the birthplace of U.S. automakers, and today Detroit is experiencing a manufacturing rebirth not only throughout the region, but specifically within the city limits. Our new facility at the I-94 Industrial Park will enable Flex-N-Gate to serve our customers better than ever, but the headline for me is one word – jobs.”
“In fact, these are excellent jobs that will build promising careers, with a hiring emphasis on men and women who live in the City of Detroit. We’re also committed to making sure Detroit city-based and minority‑owned companies like Tooles Contracting Group are strongly represented during every phase of the build. Today’s groundbreaking is a day for celebration but the best days and years for Flex-N-Gate and the City of Detroit are still to come.”
To support the project, the Detroit City Council recently approved a $5.9M property tax abatement. In addition to the facility’s construction, Georgia Street, along the planned facility’s south side, will be resurfaced as part of a separate $2.6 million grant from the US Department of Commerce and the Economic Development Administration. The street improvements came out of the community engagement process for the project, where residents voiced concerns of bad roads from increased truck traffic. The Georgia Street improvements will fortify the streets for the new trucks.
This new multi-layered investment provides a major boost to the I-94 Industrial Park, and is the culmination of a collaborative effort among the city of Detroit, Detroit Economic Growth Corporation and the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC), which administers incentives and programs on behalf of the Michigan Strategic Fund. MEDC also serves as the state’s chief business attraction and marketing agency along with directing the Pure Michigan campaign.
From 2009 through the second quarter of 2015, automakers and auto suppliers have made $16 billion investments into Michigan, accounting for about 20 percent of auto-industry investment in North America. Since 2009 through the end of last year, 175,000 manufacturing jobs have been created in Michigan, according to the Center for Automotive Research.
“I’m proud of the jobs that will be created for District Three and Detroit residents,” said Councilmember Scott Benson. “And I’m so proud of the impact that residents in District Three have had on the development process.”
 



| 
            Categories: Press Releases, Mayor
| 
            View Count: (28572)
              
                   |
Return













Related



Detroit City Council to Host Evening Community Meeting in Northeast Detroit May 20 5/16/2014
      


City Plans to Redevelop Vacant Catholic  School In Banglatown into Mixed-Income Housing in Neighborhood Collaboration with  Archdiocese of Detroit 3/22/2017
      


Detroit launches city-wide school inspections 1/13/2016
      


Mayor Duggan, Chief Craig launch Crime Fighting Initiative using technology to increase safety at neighborhood gas stations 1/11/2016
      


City of Detroit to Enforce Emergency Curfew and Gas Container Ordinances During Halloween Period  10/28/2015
      


City  of Detroit Announces Street Closings for October 21, 2016 10/20/2016
      





















































































































































































































































































 











How to Plant Fall Flower Bulbs























































































 





























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







Final Week: 50% Off Fall-Planted Bulbs & Perennials 















Account






Cart
0







        Recently added item(s)        ×

You have no items in your shopping cart.


Checkout Now









My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Register
Sign In









Search for products and information:



Search

 


            Call us at (877) 309-7333
or
Send us a Message 





Wildflower Seeds
Flower Seed Packets
Perennials
Flower Bulbs
Vegetables
Grass Seed
Gardening Tools
Planting Info & Blog




MenuClose



Wildflower Seeds


Back to Main Menu



Wildflower Seeds »
100% Pure Seed. No Fillers. Non GMO.



Seeds for Your Region

Northeast
Southeast
Midwest
Southwest
Western
Pacific Northwest
See Regional Map »




Suggested Uses

Good for Shade
Good for Sun
Attract Pollinators
Deer Resistant
Drought Tolerant
Easy to Grow
Fragrant Wildflowers
Good for Containers
Good for Cut Flowers
Groundcover
Native Wildflowers



Most Popular

Black Eyed Susan
Cosmos
Daisy
Lupine

Milkweed (Asclepias)
Red Poppy
Sunflower
Zinnia

Watch Our Videos

Wildflower Mixtures
Wildflower Species




How to Plant Wildflowers in the Spring »
Step by step instructions on how to plant your wildflower seeds in the spring.






Seeds by Type

Wildflower Seed Mixtures
Find mixtures for your region, or for special uses such as dry areas, partial shade, attracting animals, low growing, and more.

Individual Perennial Species
Over 75 choices that will bloom in the second year and for years to come.

Individual Annual Species
Over 110 choices for fast color, such as poppies, cosmos, sunflowers, zinnia, and many more.

Wildflowers that Attract Pollinators
Help the birds, bees, butterflies & hummingbirds by planting wildflowers.

Native Wildflower Seeds
Wildflower seeds native to your region. Support local wildlife with native wildflowers.






100% Pure Seed



 



Flower Seed Packets


Back to Main Menu



Promotional and Event Seed Packets »
Free shipping on all packets: No Minimum!



Shop by

Earth Day
Any Occasion
Memorial Services
Weddings
Business Promotion
Educational & Kids
Parties & Events
Plantable Seed Paper
Real Estate
Seed Bombs
Completely Custom
See All Products »





We have 2 Options for Your Event Packets

Promotional and Event Seed Packets »
We ship them to you ready to use.


Fully Customized Packets »
Put your totally custom design on seed packets.




Why buy seed packets for your promotion or event

Free ground shipping
Promotional and event seed packet orders ship within 48 hours
Non-GMO seeds and recycled paper
Mix and match discounts
Express shipping, just call (877) 309-7333





Our Best Selling Packets



Forget Me Not



Sunflower



Wildflower Mix



Bee Happy


See All Bestsellers »




Celebrate your special day with personalized seed packets.

Learn More



 



Perennials


Back to Main Menu



Perennial Plants »

FINAL WEEK - 50% Off Fall-Planted Perennials


Find the Right Perennials for Your Garden


Sun Loving Plants
Shade Loving Plants
Attract Butterflies
Attract Hummingbirds
Attract Birds
Bee Friendly Plants
Deer Resistant Plants




Drought Tolerant Plants
Easy to Grow Plants
Fragrant Perennials
Groundcover Plants
Native Plants
Plant for Containers
Plants for Cut Flowers




Perennial Planting Guides »
Step by step instructions on how to plant your bare root or potted perennials when they arrive.





Perennials by Category


AsterAstilbe
Bearded Iris
Bee Balm
Black Eyed Susan
Bleeding Heart Butterfly Bush
Butterfly Weed
Cardinal Flower
Columbine
Daylily




Echinacea
Ferns
Helenium
Hibiscus
Hosta
Hydrangea
Joe Pye Weed
Lavender
Liatris
Lilies
Ornamental Grass




Peony
Phlox
Poppy
Salvia
Sedum
Shrubs
Trillium
Veronica
Viola
Woodland Plants
See All Perennials »





Try something new this year.
Learn More



 



Flower Bulbs


Back to Main Menu



Spring Bulbs »
Pre-Sale Starts in October

Begonia Bulbs
Caladium Bulbs
Calla Lily Bulbs
Canna Lily Bulbs
Dahlia Bulbs
Gladiolus Bulbs

Unique Spring Bulbs
All Spring Bulbs »


 Sign up for our newsletter to be alerted when these become available. 





Fall-Planted Flower Bulbs »

FINAL WEEK - 50% Off Flower Bulbs



Categories

Allium Bulbs
Bearded Iris
Crocus Bulbs
Daffodil Bulbs

Hyacinth Bulbs
Lily Bulbs
Tulip Bulbs
Unique Fall Bulbs
All Fall  Bulbs »



The Right Bulbs for Your Garden

Sun Loving Bulbs
Shade Loving Bulbs
Attract Butterflies
Bulbs for Cut Flowers
Container Happy Bulbs
Deer Resistant Bulbs
Easy to Grow
Fragrant Flower Bulbs



Fall-Blooming Bulbs

Fall Flowering Crocus & Colchicum
Saffron Crocus
How to Grow Saffron Crocus

Indoor Flower Bulbs

Amaryllis Bulbs
Paperwhite Bulbs
Indoor Growing Kits





Fall Flower Bulb Planting Guides »
Step by step instructions on how to plant your fall-planted flower bulbs when they arrive.







Learn all about planting fall bulbs in our videos
WATCH NOW





Spring-Planted
    Flower Bulbs »
Pre-Sale Starts in October


Begonia Bulbs
Caladium Bulbs
Calla Lily Bulbs
Canna Lily Bulbs
Dahlia Bulbs
Gladiolus Bulbs
Lily Bulbs
Unique Spring Bulbs
All Spring Bulbs »


 



Vegetables


Back to Main Menu



Vegetables, Herbs & Fruit »
Grow your own edible landscape.



Ways to Grow

Best Plants for Direct Sow
Best Plants to Start Indoors
Container Vegetables

Shop by

Heirloom Vegetables
Organic Vegetables




How to grow vegetable seeds indoors »
Knowing when to start your vegetables can be confusing. We can help!






Vegetable Seeds

Bean Seeds
Beet Seeds
Corn Seeds
Cucumber Seeds
Lettuce Seeds
Pea Seeds
Pepper Seeds
Squash Seeds
Tomato Seeds
See All Vegetable Seeds »



Herb Seeds

Basil Seeds
Chive Seeds
Cilantro Seeds
Dill Seeds
Fennel Seeds
Oregano Seeds
Parsley Seeds
Sage Seeds
Thyme Seeds
See All Herb Seeds »



Garlic Bulbs

California Softneck Garlic
Elephant Garlic
German Hardneck Garlic
Hardneck Garlic Red Chesnok
See All Garlic »
How to Grow Garlic










 



Grass Seed


Back to Main Menu



Grass & Pasture Seeds »
Let's Do Lawns Differently Less water, less mowing, and no pesticides



Covercrops

Austrian Winter Pea Seeds
Crimson Clover Seeds
Hairy Vetch Seeds

Ground Covers

Creeping Red Fescue  Seeds
Little Bluestem Grass Seeds
Medium Red Clover Seeds
Partridge Pea Seeds



Ornamental Grass Seed

Blue Grama Grass
Little Bluestem Grass
Sheep Fescue Grass

Ornamental Grass Plants

Feather Reed Grass
Fescue Grass
Monkey Grass

Pampas Grass




How to plant a cover crop »
Learn about varieties which help to replenish nutrients to your soil. 






Cool Season Grass
Thrives in areas with cold freezing winters and hot summers.

Annual Rye Grass
Orchard Grass
Perennial Rye Grass
Sheep Fescue

Warm Season Grass
Thrives in areas with hot temperatures.

Buffalo Grass
Little Bluestem Grass Switchgrass



Lawn Grass Seed

No Mow Lawn Grass Seeds
Low Work & Water Grass Seed
Buffalo Grass

Pasture Grass Seed

Orchard Grass
Smooth Bromegrass
Timothy Grass

Native Grass Seed

Native Southeast Grass Mix
Native Northeast Grass Mix
Little Bluestem Grass










Gardening Tools

Planting Information & Blog


Back to Main Menu



Planting Info & Gardening Blog »
Looking for gardening ideas, information and inspiration?



From Our Blog:



Succession Planting: Summer, Fall Planting For Season-Long Color

July 25, 2017

		            						Many gardeners work long hours in the spring months, feverishly planting a variety of bulbs, wildflowers, and perennials for spectacular summer color. But packing all of your planting into several weeks per year isn’t always the most relaxing — or beneficial to your landscape. Succession plantin…										Read More →






Planting Information

Guide to Wildflowers
Guide to Perennials
Guide to Flower Bulbs
Guide to Vegetables
General Gardening Guides
US Hardiness Zones
US State Flowers




Enter Our Photo Contest »
It's time to show off your garden filled with American Meadows products!






American Meadows

About American Meadows
Our Guarantee
Our Garden Experts
Help and Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping Information
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Neonicotinoid Statement	
Our Customer Stories
In The News
Jobs



 





My Account

Sign In
Create an Account


Got Questions?

(877) 309-7333
Chat With Us
Send Us A Message


Help and Support

Contact Us
Shipping Information
Planting Guides
Help and FAQs







Spring-planted flower bulbs like Dahlias & Lilies will bloom in summer


Fall-planted flower bulbs like Tulips & Daffodils will bloom in spring


Thrives in areas with hot temperatures. Grows best in summer; goes dormant in cool weather.


Thrives in areas with cold freezing winters and hot summers. Establishes best in spring and fall.




Show meShowing plants & seeds that grow in my area:



Invalid Zip Code

FilterApply


ALASKA
HAWAII
MIDWEST
NORTHEAST
PACIFIC NORTHWEST
SOUTHEAST
SOUTHWEST
WEST


Zone 1
Zone 2
Zone 3
Zone 4
Zone 5
Zone 6
Zone 7
Zone 8
Zone 9
Zone 10

FilterApply


What is this 

    To help gardeners understand which plants will grow well for them, the entire USA has been segmented into ‘Plant Hardiness Zones’.
  














Home
/ 


How to Plant Fall Flower Bulbs






Gardening Community



Gardening Community
Gardening Blog
Submit Gardening Photos
Member's Meadows





Planting Information



The Tool Shed
Guide to Wildflowers
Guide to Perennials
Guide to Flower Bulbs
Guide to Vegetables
General Gardening Guides
Watch Our Videos
Our Garden Experts
US Hardiness Zones
US State Flowers





About Us



Help
Contact Us
Our Story
Our Guarantee
Shipping Information
Catalog Requests
Neonicotinoid Statement
Privacy and Security
Billing Policies







How to Plant Fall Flower Bulbs


Learn About...

Tips for Planting Bulbs
Design Ideas

How to Plant Tulips & Daffodils







Featured Products

Daffodil Bulbs
Allium Bulbs
Tulip Bulbs
Crocus Bulbs

Shop for Fall Bulbs


Planting flower bulbs is fast, easy, and nearly foolproof.
Fall bulbs are loved by both beginner and master gardeners, there are so few issues to consider. Gardeners can put all their effort into the fun part of gardening — design.
Fall allows a “second season” of planting for spring blooming bulbs.  Planting in the fall allows a jumpstart to spring growth.   The cool weather helps to make a more enjoyable experience for working outside in the garden and requires less watering. The cooler weather allows spring blooming bulbs to winter over, this is important in order for bulbs to provide beautiful spring cheerful blooms.

When bulbs arrive.  Bulbs should be planted as soon as the ground is cool, when evening temperatures average between  40° to 50 deg; F.  You should plant at least six weeks before the ground freezes. This is most common in cold climates (zones 1-7). You can, if necessary, store bulbs for a month or longer, if you keep them in a cool dry place. Planting fall bulbs in warm climates (zones 8-11) such as Tulips, Crocus, Hyacinths, Grape Hyacinths, Scilla, and Snowdrops, require pre-chilling in order to bloom. To pre-chill, leave bulbs in their bags and place in a refrigerator for 6-10 weeks. Be careful not to store bulbs near fruit, especially apples, all ripening fruit give off ethylene gas. Ethylene gas can damage and or kill the flower inside the bulb. Once bulbs are chilled plant them at the coolest time of the year.   Most importantly bulbs won't last till next season, so make sure to plant them. 
Read the label. Try to keep the label together with the bulbs until planting. Without the label, you can't tell the red tulips from the white ones just by looking at the bulbs.
Where to plant. You can plant bulbs just about anywhere in your garden as long as the soil drains well. The Dutch say, "bulbs don't like wet feet." So, avoid areas where water collects, such as the bottom  of hills. Bulbs like sun and in many areas the spring garden can be very sunny, since the leaves on the trees are not out yet.  So keep in mind when planting in the fall that you can plant in many places for spring blooms.
Prepare the planting bed.  Dig soil so it's loose and workable. If it's not an established garden bed, chances are the soil could use the addition of some organic matter such as compost or peat  moss. These are available at most local garden retailers.


How to Plant Bulbs – Step by Step Instructions

 Step 1: Loosen soil in the planting bed to a depth of at least 8”.  Remove any weeds, rocks or other debris. You can mix in compost, other organic matter or slow releasing fertilizer if your soil lacks nutrients.
 Step 2: Depending on the bulb, follow the recommendation on the label for planting depth. As a general rule, plant big bulbs about 8" deep and small bulbs about 5" deep.   Set the bulb in the hole pointy side up or the roots down.  It's easy to spot the pointy end of a tulip; tougher with a crocus. If you can't figure out the top from the bottom, plant the bulb on its side, in most cases, even if you don't get it right, the flower bulb will still find its way topside. 
 Step 3: Now that the bulbs are planted, back fill with soil over the hole, lightly compress the soil but do not pack it.  Water to stimulate root growth.  There is no need to water continuously unless you live in an area with low precipitation in the winter months.

Aftercare in the Spring
Fertilizing: For bulbs that are intended to naturalize (return  for several years) or for bulbs that are coming into their second year, spread an organic fertilizer such as compost, or a slow release  	bulb food on top of the soil.
Pruning: When the flowers have completed blooming,  cut the flower head off but do not cut the foliage.  Bulbs will use the foliage to gather nutrients from the sun and store for the following seasons.  Once the foliage have turned yellow or brown you can cut them to ground level.


Design Ideas

Plant bulbs in clusters. If you plant one bulb alone, or make a long thin line along the walk, the impact is less desirable. Clusters give a concentration of color for greatest impact. Even if you don't have enough bulbs for a big bed, small clusters can make a super spring show.
Plant low bulbs in front of high. This is a good general rule for bulbs that bloom at the same time. Of course  there are times to break this rule. For example if the low growing bulbs bloom early and the tall bulbs bloom late, plant the tall in front. Their display will camouflage the dying foliage of the smaller bulbs!. Read more design tips in our blog.
Try a double-decker effect. You can plant  small bulbs in a layer right on top of large bulbs. If you plant bulbs that  flower in the same period you can create an interesting double-decker effect. Or  you can stagger the bloom time by planting mid- and late-season bloomers together,  creating a spring display that blooms in succession, for a whole season of color! 

In the end, what you do with fall bulbs is limited only by your imagination.  A few hours one brisk autumn afternoon can yield months of colorful excitement in your yard or garden next spring.  For more information on planting bulbs in the fall visit  Flower Bulbs Planting Guides. We want you to be successful in your garden all of our plants are backed by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee.

 










                            Trumpet Daffodil Bulbs Dutch Master                        

Starting at $13.98 Sale:  $6.99 Per Bag of 8


Learn More












                            Allium Bulbs Globemaster                        

Starting at $17.98 Sale:  $8.99 Per Bag of 1


Learn More












                            Darwin Tulip Bulbs Parade                        




                                        $13.98                                    


Sale:
$6.99


Per Bag of 10


Learn More












                            Camassia Lily Bulbs                        




                                        $15.98                                    


Sale:
$7.99


Per Bag of 4


Learn More












                            Miniature Daffodil Bulbs Tete-a-Tete                        




                                        $28.98                                    


Sale:
$14.49


Per Bag of 25


Learn More





Shop for Fall Bulbs 








Join Our Email List
Get American Meadows' exclusive offers and gardening tips. We respect your privacy.










Enter Email Address:







Gardening Questions?

Contact Us
Chat with Us
(877) 309-7333











AmericanMeadows
Like us on Facebook




americanmeadows
Follow us on Pinterest




@americanmeadows
Follow us on Instagram




American Meadows Blog
Gardening News and Tips




@AmericanMeadows
Follow us on Twitter





   



100% Guaranteed
If anything we sell fails to meet your expectations, we will replace or refund your order.










Learn more about Privacy and Security.




Help and Support

Contact Us

Shipping Information

How Our Plants Are Shipped

Planting Guides
Help and FAQs

Check Gift Card Balance




Manage Your Account
Submit Your Photos
Catalog Requests

100% Guarantee

Privacy and Security

Terms & Conditions




More Information

U.S. Hardiness Zones

Neonicotinoid Statement
Wedding Information

State Flowers and Birds

Product Videos



Company Info

About American Meadows

Our Garden Experts

In The News

Jobs
Our Customer Stories





Shop AmericanMeadows.com




Wildflower Seeds
Flower Seed Packets




Perennial Plants and Roots
Flower Bulbs




Vegetable and Herb Seeds
Grass and Groundcover Seeds




Gift Certificates
Gardening Tools


 ©  AmericanMeadows.com All rights reserved



You are using an out-of-date browser.
You will still be able to shop AmericanMeadows.com, but some functionality may not work unless you update to a modern browser. Update My Browser
×




































Please wait...







 has been added to your cart.


Continue shopping
View cart & checkout




Continue shopping
or
View cart & checkout




























































Gardening by the Moon Calendar 2017 | The Old Farmer's Almanac











































Skip to main content






















Old Farmer's Almanac





Old Farmer’s Store Login





Search 





ORDER NOW!























                      Gardening by the Moon Calendar                    








Dates for Starting Seeds & Planting by the Moon







   

 






Share: 







 





Rate this Article: 

Select ratingGive Gardening by the Moon Calendar 1/5Give Gardening by the Moon Calendar 2/5Give Gardening by the Moon Calendar 3/5Give Gardening by the Moon Calendar 4/5Give Gardening by the Moon Calendar 5/5Cancel rating
Average: 3.5 (425 votes)




 





Our “Gardening by the Moon” calendar works according to the age-old belief that phases of the Moon affect plant growth. Lunar planting is a longtime Old Farmer’s Almanac tradition. 




Keep in mind that the four gardening regions below are quite broad; we also offer a modern gardening calendar (not Moon-based) that gets down to zip code level. See our all-seasons gardening calendar.
What is Gardening by the Moon?
Gardening by the Moon is a great way to help plan your above- and below ground crops. Here’s how it works:
Plant annual flowers and vegetables that bear crops above ground during the light, or waxing, of the Moon: from the day the Moon is new to the day it is full.
Plant flowering bulbs, biennial and perennial flowers, and vegetables that bear crops below ground during the dark, or waning, of the Moon: from the day after it is full to the day before it is new again.
Oldtime farmers swear that this practice results in a larger, tastier harvest. The editor of The Old Farmer’s Almanac, Janice Stillman, explains more in our Gardening by the Moon video.
Which Region Are You?
Click your region on the map below to see planting dates and Moon-favorable dates.

 




















Related Articles

MoonPlantingPlanting a GardenVegetables 


 







What do you want to read next?

Gardening by the Moon: Region 1Gardening by the Moon: Region 2Gardening by the Moon: Region 3Gardening by the Moon 2017: Region...Planting for a Fall Harvest: Fall...Full Moon for April 2018Preparing Your Garden for WinterVegetable Gardening for BeginnersHow to Overwinter Your Plants and...House Plant Growing TipsDahliasGardening by the Moon's Sign Dates... 




Reader Comments
Leave a Comment

Leave a Comment

Your name *



E-mail *

The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly.


Subject 



Comment *








Home page 


 




Cutting spirea




Can someone tell me when it's a good time to cut spirea for slow growth after the cutting?
 




prune to discourage growth




You can find the next five best days for pruning to discourage growth on this page:http://www.almanac.com/bestday/prune-discourage-growth
The full year’s table is available on page 246 of The 2017 Old Farmer’s Almanac, or available for download for a small fee here:https://store.almanac.com/product/2017-best-days-astrological-timetable?...
 




Oslo, Norway 




I would appreciate guidance as to which zone I should plant by in Oslo Norway! Thank you in advance!
 




Planting Herbs By Moon Phase: Correction Request




Thank you for your excellent responses to my 2 earlier postings.  Since all parsley are biennial and herbs are to be treated like flowers when planting by moon phase, are you able to please correct the print and online moon phase calendars going forward?  They incorrectly recommend planting parsley by the waxing moon.  Thanks again for your help.
 




lunar gardening dates




We agree that this is a confusing topic, and traditional lunar gardening has exceptions to rules. If you look at a lunar gardening book, for example, you will usually find a table that lists “biennials” to plant during the dark of the Moon, but “herbs” and “parsley” during the light of the Moon. In addition, in lunar gardening, the period called the “first quarter” (between new and first quarter Moon) is a good time to plant those plants with seeds on the outside, such as parsley; “second quarter” (between first quarter Moon and full Moon) is good for those plants that form seed pods (such as peas and beans).
Regular parsley traditionally is harvested during the light of the Moon, perhaps because the harvested part is aboveground, and, too, many gardeners treat it as an annual.
In general, though, perennial and biennial herbs are planted during the dark of the Moon, to encourage root growth and help the long-term health of the plant. Perennial sage, for example, is planted during the dark of the Moon. However, another mystery is horseradish, a perennial and belowground crop, which lunar gardening experts recommend planting during the light of the Moon.
 




Planting Hamburg Rooted Parsley By Moon Phase




I am going to be planting Hamburg Rooted Parsley this year.  It is a biennial herb that produces both an above ground and a below ground crop.  Unlike beets that primarily provide a below ground crop and many people also eat the tops, Hamburg Rooted Parsley is grown just as much for the tops as the roots.  Any suggestion for how to plant Hamburg Rooted Parsley by Moon Phase?  Thanks!
 




parsley puzzle




Great question! You might choose the dark of the Moon dates (day after full to day before new) to encourage good root growth. If there is good root development, most likely there will be good tops, too. If, however, you really prefer the tops, then you might try the light of the Moon.
 




Planting Herbs By Moon Phase




How are herbs classified, particularly biennial varieties, when it comes to planting by moon phase?  Are they treated like flowers or vegetables?  I'm going to be planting dill this year and that prompted my questions.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks and happy gardening!
 




herbs




We’d suggest: For annual herbs, plant during the light of the Moon unless the harvested part is below ground, in which case, plant by the dark of the Moon. Biennial and perennial herbs: plant during the dark of the Moon, as one does with biennial and perennial flowers, to encourage root growth.
 




Zone




Hello.......I live on Long Island New York what zone I'am I in is it zone 3 or 4......Thank You
 




zones




Most of Long Island is zone 7. See the USDA map: http://planthardiness.ars.usda.gov/PHZMWeb/
 




Peonie seeds




When is the sign for planting peonie seeds?  I am in region 1
 




Peonies




If you follow lunar gardening, by the Moon’s phase only, then because peonies are perennials, you would want to plant them during the dark of the Moon, from day after full to day before new. You can find the Moon’s phases at: http://www.almanac.com/astronomy/moon/calendar
If you go by the Moon’s astrological sign, however, then you would look for a time when the Moon is in Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces, or Taurus. These are good times to plant in general. As an alternate for flowers, some gardeners plant under Virgo. For today’s Moon’s astrological place, see:http://www.almanac.com/advice
For the full table, see page 245 of The 2017 Old Farmer’s Almanac. You can also download this chart for a small fee at:https://store.almanac.com/product/2017-astrology-moons-sign-calendar?lis...
 




Peonies "seeds"




Peonies do not spawn from seeds, they spawn from tubers.
 




Gardening by the moon, Regions




You don't show a region for Alaska :(
 




best planting dates




For Alaska, go to the below planting dates calculator, which fine tunes the frost dates down to your zip code:
http://www.almanac.com/gardening/planting-dates
If you are also interested in the Moon-favorite dates, you can calculate the Moon phases within that time from our Moon page:
http://www.almanac.com/astronomy/moon/calendar
 




plum granny's seed




I have searched high n low for info on when to plant plum granny seeds in central ky .No one can tell me . Need info on dates please ...HELP THANKS
 




Best dates to plant melons




I believe you’re referring to “Queen Anne’s pocket melon” Cucumis melo var. dudaim? These seeds are sold by Baker Creek Heirloom Seeds and Seed Savers Exchange. Seed Savers has growing information, and you may wish to call them for info: http://www.seedsavers.org/queen-annes-pocket-melon In terms of our “Planting by the Moon” dates, since it is an aboveground crop, then for lunar gardening, one would plant between new and full Moon. Click on the map above for your region and look at the “melon” dates.
Or perhaps better, use the planting dates calculator, which fine tunes the frost dates to their area. Then calculate the Moon phases within that time from our Moon page, using new to full dates.
http://www.almanac.com/gardening/planting-dates
http://www.almanac.com/astronomy/moon/calendar
 




'PLUM GRANNY SEED'




I looked up those three words and got pictures of plums and tomatoes, so will assume it is tomatoes.  
The best time in APRIL is coming up.  
 For today and tomorrow - 19 and 20 - it says KILL WEEDS!   The Lunar sign is 19 Capricorn changing at 5:53 AM to Aquarius.   Do NOT plant.
 Friday and Saturday the 21 and 22 are for planting ROOT CROPS and strawberry VINES.
Wednesday the 26th says 'beans, corn, peppers' and ''above ground''.  Sign - Taurus 
Saturday the 29th of April, my calendar says plant 'tomatoes, beans, peppers and corn' .
These are all ABOVE GROUND.  The lunar sign is Gemini...changing to Cancer that day, around 9:49 PM.
(if it was me planting tomato seeds...I would be planting on Saturday, the 29th)
There are other things about planets, etc.  But I don't know anything about them so I don't bother with it!  I do know the signs of the moon have never led me wrong...and I got all this from my grandmother!  People used to laugh, until they saw what I grew...then they started calling and asking ''when should I plant my .....?''   Now I am old (74) and I live in town - in an apartment!  But I still keep up with the signs of the moon - for my house plants and any of us old folks having surgeries, etc.
 




question re your calendar




Hello Nancy
May I ask which calendar you are referring to? My mom (84) has lots of this wisdom as well. I would love to find a calendar with the amount of detail you are referring to.
Many thanks
Anna
 




PLUM GRANNY SEED




Plum Granny  Seed are pomegranate seeds
 




Plum Granny seed




Do you know where i can get some plum granny seeds?  My grandmother in KY gave me some as a very young girl and daddy would always let me plant and save the seed to the next year. I have not been able to find any seed for several years.
 




incorrect links on graph




Hi, I noticed that when I click on Region 2, Region 3 information comes up. Similarly, when I click on Region 1, Region 2 information comes up.  I am in Pennsylvania in Region 2. Thanks.
 




Planting Vegetables by the moon




I live in zone 1. What moon is best for planting vegetables? E.g. Okras.
 




Re: planting vegetables by the Moon




For lunar gardening, you would plant aboveground crops, such as tomatoes or beans, when the Moon was between new and full. For belowground crops, such as potatoes or carrots, when the Moon was between full and new. If, however, you are interested in astrology and planting by the Moon’s astrological sign, then in general, planting would be good when the Moon was in Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces, or Taurus. To find out the Moon’s astrological sign, you can go to page 245 of The 2017 Old Farmer’s Almanac, or you can purchase the same table for a small fee at: https://store.almanac.com/product/2017-astrology-moons-sign-calendar?lis...
You can also check the current day’s Moon’s astrological sign here: http://www.almanac.com/advice
Hope this helps!
 




when to plant fruit trees




I wanted to know if there is a favorable moon planting date range to plant fruit trees?
I'm in the zone 3 moon region and my last frost date is around 5/25-6/1 in north eastern Washington state.
 




fruit tree planting times




When gardening by the Moon, some people prefer to plant fruit trees (those that have seeds on the inside of the fruit) when the Moon is between first quarter and full, while others prefer to plant them between full and last quarter (to focus on root development to help the tree establish). To find the times of the Moon phases in your area for each month, visit: http://www.almanac.com/astronomy/moon/calendar and put in your zip code. You might talk to a plant expert at a local nursery to find the best times, climate-wise, to plant in your area the particular fruit tree that you are interested in. Then, working within those dates, find out the best time according to the Moon’s phase. Hope this helps!
 




Content




Could you put some more advertisements on your site? I don't think it has enough yet.
 




Wed site




I agree,,.,..web site has too many ads,  Can't even get the info I need.
 




Perhaps you will donate




Perhaps you will donate enough money to host this website for a year? Oh you won't? Well, web hosting isn't free, and you are using this site for free, so why are you complaining? The internet isn't magic, and someone is paying to maintain this site,and its features as well.
 




Pruning Grape Vines




What days in February are the best dates to prune grape vines in North Carolina?
 




pruning grapevines




That’s a great question. Experts say that the best time to prune grapevines is in February, but it can be done later. Vines pruned later in the spring will bleed more (exude sap from the areas that were cut).  However, the increased bleeding does not hurt vines.  Proper pruning of grapevines removes about 90% of last season’s wood. A common mistake is to prune lightly.
 




Zone




Hi
I'm living in Jamaica but don't know what zone to follow. Can you help me please?
 




gardening by the Moon




Hi Shelly, Sorry, The Old Farmer’s Almanac is published for the U.S. and Canada so we do not have information for zones outside North America and would not want to give you inaccurate advice. However, if you look at the Moon phase dates (waxing and waning), you may be able to create your own chart!  Best, the OFA editors
 




Which Region




Hi,
I love your site and the information you provide.
I am never sure which region I ought to base my moon planting on,
could you advise?
I live on the island of Dominica in the Caribbean.
I base all my planting by the moon but would like to follow this closer
so would like to know which region to base it on when reading your articles.
Thanks and all the very best
Vee
 




Caribbean Hardiness Zone




Hi Vee,
You would do well to plant in accordance with recommendations for USDA Hardiness Zone 13.
 




Planting a tree in tn?




When you say to plant a tree in "Scorpio", is that NOW in TN (Oct.21 to Nov 16)?
 




Moon's astrological place




Today, October 27, 2016, the Moon is in Libra. It won’t be in Scorpio again until October 30 and 31, and then on November 26-28. To find out what sign the Moon is in, please see the Moon’s Astrological Place table (p. 243 for the 2016 edition; p.245 for the 2017 edition), available in print or online at our store as a digital download at:https://store.almanac.com/product/2017-astrology-moons-sign-calendar?lis...
(Please note, the digital download is for the 2017 chart, which begins with November 2016 and ends with December 2017.)
 
 
 




Making Sauerkraut & the best days




Why is it important to make sauerkraut on particular days or in a certain phase of the moon?
What can go wrong if you don't?
 




best days for making sauerkraut




According to astrology and folklore, if you make sauerkraut on an off day, then there is more likely the chance that it will be ruined (fermentation process did not proceed correctly) - such as too dry, too wet, spoiled, smells bad, discolored, or tastes bad.
 




Making Kraut




What is the "off day" you were speaking of in making kraut.  Also, can you tell me what the signs were in on October 8, 2016?  Thank you
 




kraut days




An off day would be one that was not recommended for making sauerkraut. In general, tradition suggests aiming for a time during the dark of the Moon, when the Moon is in a fruitful sign (Cancer, Scorpio, or Pisces). For October 2016, the recommended days were: 21, 22 (Moon’s sign in Cancer, dark of the Moon. The other signs occurred during the light of the Moon). The Moon’s astrological sign on October 8, 2016, was Capricorn; it was during the light of the Moon.
 




Wild Strawberries




I ordered wild strawberry seeds from Ireland. Do I need to plant in the fall and mulch good or plant in early spring? they will be in a controlled bed with easy access to water   28904 Western North Carolina
Thank you very much. Anyone that does not believe in the moons and signs need to spend one day in the nursing home with the patients on the Full or New Moon. WOW
 




When to Plant Strawberries




Plan to plant them as soon the soil can be worked in the spring.
Yes, we agree … there is something to it to be sure!
 




cutting trees for firewood




Based upon moon phases, when is the better time to cut trees for firewood? I know from personal experience that some firewood contains water/moisture, even after being under cover for several years, because it was cut on the wrong side of the moon. Thank you for your help and time. I live in Region 2.
 




firewood and Moon phases




Many prefer to cut firewood during a waning Moon (between full and new), especially during fall and winter. They find that the wood is drier that way.
 




STARTING SEEDS WTH ALOHA




what region am i in if im in hawaii? and if im planting seeds that bud above ground what would be the best season to do so?
 




starting seeds




Most of Hawaii is Zones 10am to 12b. See this page: http://www.almanac.com/content/plant-hardiness-zones
What you grow really depends on where you live because the climate, as you know, varies.
It’s important to choose seeds that are native to Hawaii. See the University of Hawaii for local on-the-ground advice: http://www.ctahr.hawaii.edu/seed/
 




For expats in Mexico




Hello:
I'm from San Miguel de Allende and that city has a large amount of expats from the USA living there and in other parts of Mexico. It also has a large farming and gardening community. I am curious to know if you can apply your methods / regions to that geografic area or if you will be including Mexico at any time in the future.
Best regards!
 




San Miguel Hardiness Zone




Information that we provide for USDA Hardiness Zone 11b can be applied to San Miguel.
 




Smoke bush




I received a beautiful royal purple smoke bush as a gift. When is the best time to plant it in June?
 




Time to Plant Smokebush




We cannot determine the best time for planting without knowing your region.
 




Moving a tree seedling




When is the best time for me to move this tree, it is about 3 1/2 feet tall. I am in region 1
 




Transplanting trees are best




Transplanting trees are best during the fruitful Moon signs (Cancer, Scorpio, or Pisces).
June 6, 7, 15, 16, 17, 25, 26 are all good days.
 




Almanac vs biodynamic?




It seems that much of what I've found in the Old Farmers Almanac planting calendar conflicts with my copy of Maria Thun's biodynamic calendar - as well as other information that I've been reading in books and online about the biodynamic approach. The planting calendar on the [not 'Old] Farmers Almanac website is even more at odds with Maria Thun!  Why would this be?
 




Answer: Tropical vs Siderial Zodiac




It has to do with the use of siderial Zodiac signs for planting versus the tropical Zodiac, which I believe is the system that the OFA uses.  The term you want to research is "Precession of the equinoxes."
 




Plants and flowed, patio and lawn




Rrgion 1
 




Planting evergreen trees in Region 1




Hi,
I've been reading extensively about planting by the signs and I'm confused when it comes to planting evergreen trees. I live in East Tennessee. So that would be Region 1. I want to plant about 20-30 evergreen tress in May and am wondering when would be the best time, according to the signs. When I am looking at the guides do I consider evergreen trees perennials? And I am planting actual trees, not seeds. So that is also confusing. I'm not really a gardener so any advise you could give regarding when the signs would be the best for planting these trees would be most appreciated. Thank you in advance.
 




The best time to plant trees




The best time to plant trees is in the light of the Moon (between the new and full phase). The new Moon is on May 6 and the full Moon is on May 21st. The best Moon signs for planting trees are the fruitful signs  (Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces). The Moon’s sign will be in Cancer on May 10-11 and in Scorpio on May 19-21, so these are the optimal dates for planting.
 




Thanks you!!!




Thank you so much for that info. I've driven myself mad trying to figure that out! There seems to be loads of info about all plants EXCEPT trees, particularly evergreens. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
 




gardening by the moon 




My friends and i are entering a science project into Scifest 2016 our project is based on the biodynamic calendar.We have planted plants according to the calendar and compared them to plants that were planted against  to the calendar. We would greatly appreciate any information that you could give us about moon phase gardening.
Thank you.
 




Gardening by the Moon




We hope you find the above information helpful (which explains the practice). Also, here is a video on Gardening by the Moon by the editor of The Old Farmer’s Almanac, Janice Stillman:
http://www.almanac.com/video/gardening-moon
 




plowing




what is the moon phase when plowing your garden?
 




Hi Dan,




Hi Dan,
Plowing is best done under a waxing Moon when the dirt is loose and light. This month it’s best to plow after the new Moon on April 7.
 




Does one need two plants to




Does one need two plants to grown blues berries best?
 




Blueberry Basics




Hi, Walia: The short answer is usually not. For much more on blueberries, click above on Gardening/Growing Guides/Blueberries (you are in Gardening by the Moon, but blueberries have their own page and forum, too). Within Blueberries, be sure to also see the pages “Blueberries, the Easiest Fruit” and “It’s Blueberry Time.” Thanks for asking and good luck!
 




Planting Fruit by the Moon




Need to know a good time to plant above ground fruits. thank you.
 




Fruit trees are best planted




Fruit trees are best planted in the waning of the Moon (after the full Moon and before it is new again). Plant raspberries and blackberries when the Moon is waxing (after it is new and before it is full again).
 




would love one




would love one
 




potato panting




when to plant  white potatos
 




When to plant potatoes




See the map above?  Just click on your zone and it will take you right to a planting chart which includes potatoes. Happy planting!
 




What great information.




What great information.
 




Harvesting Sweet Potatoes 




What phase of the moon is best to harvest sweet potatoes in Montgomery alabama
 




Potatoes and sweet potatoes




Potatoes and sweet potatoes are best harvested in the waning phase of the Moon (after the full Moon and before it is new again). After the Full Moon, October 16th this month, is a good time to harvest the sweet potatoes. According to the Moon’s sign Oct. 25 and 26 are the very best days.
 




What sign of the moon is best




What sign of the moon is best to plant radishes and other root crops. Planted them 3 times and only got radishes once. The other times they made tops and went to seed.  Glenn
 




When is the best time to




When is the best time to plant my container raised Mirliton Plant ?  I live in the New Orleans area.
 




Transplant the potted plant




Transplant the potted plant in April into a garden area that's at least 12 feet in diameter. Here's a great page that speaks on how to prepare the soil for direct planting of mirlitons: http://www.crescentcityfarmersmarket.org/uploads/file/A_Guide_to_Growing_Mirlitons.pdf
 




Can anyone tell me if you can




Can anyone tell me if you can re-pot seedlings to bigger pots if it is not a day that that they should be planted in the garden?
 




As a general rule, yes, you




As a general rule, yes, you can repot seedlings from their first container to larger containers, and, once established, transplant them again to even larger containers should the need arise. Some plants don't like transplanting, though, so check the requirements of your particular plant.
 




But which day counts as the




But which day counts as the moon-planting day? When you first sow the seeds? When you transplant it to a larger pot? When you plant it in the garden?
 




The planting dates refer to




The planting dates refer to the day you plant, whether you sow the seed in the soil or set the transplant in the soil.
 




I sewed my tomato seeds back




I sewed my tomato seeds back in March,in little cups under a grow light.  They are almost big enough to plant in the garden now. Does the moon phase date apply to the date that I planted them in the cups of soil or the date of transplant into my garden?
 




I have repotted my beans and




I have repotted my beans and some english daisies. But not flowers like poppy seeds because.they always say sow in direct grown. Hope this helps some. Because you didn't say What you were trying to repot
 




Hi! I am in Venezuela and




Hi! I am in Venezuela and working on a garden. Do you know where I can find planting charts for Venezuela? Or how I could calculate from yours?
 




April Y, a full phase of the




April Y, a full phase of the moon has pasted. But, we can still take advantage of April's 3rd week.  The 21st and the 22nd.  In the sign of the Twins.  Or, until the Full Moon.  OK? In Gemini plants tend to "double up".  So, plant Tuesday or Wednesday for a bumper crop. ;-)  You'll see.
ser de utilidad para otros.
 




When is the best time to cut




When is the best time to cut pimple grass back
 




Wen is the best time to potty




Wen is the best time to potty train my 2 yr old
 




For best days to potty train,




For best days to potty train, click here for our BEST DAYS calendar.
 




You should have started at 1




You should have started at 1 year
 




When he/she starts undressing




When he/she starts undressing themselves. Dont push it... They will let you know. If you push it will just cause a headache for you and stress on your child. I have a 2.5 year old boy and he is just not interested quite yet so i am just fallowing his lead. It will happen.
 




I have raised 7 children.




I have raised 7 children. Children will let you know when they are ready to be  train to go to the bathroom You can beat yourself up. But they developed at there own pase. Mainly when they can talk.my mother said if you start taking a child to the bathroom while there infants. You must know there schedule take them and hold them over the comode every time they need to go they will automatically start as soon as they can walk .
 




My mom taught me to wait




My mom taught me to wait until they stay dry thru a nap, about 2-3 hours. This tells you their muscles have gotten strong enough to hold it.
 




We start some seeds by




We start some seeds by soaking them in water & putting them on a wet cloth to sprout before we transplant them into pots.  Would you suggest to start the soaking process on the new moon?  This coming new moon is Spring Equinox in Aries & Sun in Aries, whereas the two days before the Equinox, the Moon is in Pisces, sun in Pisces. Or should we soak the seeds days earlier than the new moon to be able to transplant on the new moon of Spring Equinox?
 




Thanks for your question.




Thanks for your question. Start the soaking process on the new Moon date.
 




What phase of the moon would




What phase of the moon would you plant something like celery/celery root where it grows above and below the ground and you harvest and use both parts? Thank you!
 




Celery is considered an




Celery is considered an above-ground crop. Click on the map above for planting dates in your region.
 




When are the best dates this




When are the best dates this Spring to cut wild onions in the yard so that they will not return?  Thanks!
 




If you believe in astrology




If you believe in astrology you can try to get rid of your wild onions or garlic after a full Moon and before the next new Moon. See the Almanac Full Moon calendar: http://www.almanac.com/moon/full
Wild onions are difficult to control with weed killers, in part because of the wax-like foliage that makes liquid weed killer applications run off into the soil without being absorbed into the green of the weed plant. However, repeated application of a lawn weed killer containing the active ingredients 2,4-D plus Dicamba during October and November plus during February and March will reduce the number of wild onions. At the same time, do all necessary work to correct pH problems and soil conditions.
 




Your site used to have a




Your site used to have a chart with specific dates for starting seeds indoors by moon favorable dates. Now all I can find is a graph with a general time frame for transplanting, but nothing specific. Do you no longer have the charts with specific moon favorable dates?
 




The date in the Outdoor




The date in the Outdoor Planting Table apply to both seeds and transplants and are specific for four basic areas of North America.  The complete Outdoor Planting Table is available if you click the map above or reference the annual edition of The Old Farmer's Almanac. We have labeled the chart so it's clearer.
 




I am looking for the starting




I am looking for the starting seeds indoors BY THE MOON chart and i can not find it this year. Help please!
 




Click on your region above




Click on your region above for the Outdoor Planting Table; it's also available in the annual edition of The Old Farmer's Almanac. 
 




I am having problems founding




I am having problems founding the signs of the moon, full, new, ect. I use the moon signs to clip the ends of my hair for new growth.
 




Hi Gwen, These planting signs




Hi Gwen, These planting signs are based on astronomy.  However, we do have a "Best Days by the Moon" astrological timetable which includes hair cutting. Here's the link:www.almanac.com/bestdays/timetable We hope this helps!
 




Excited to learn about




Excited to learn about growing different veggies!
 




Hi, recently while replanting




Hi, recently while replanting my Spring Onions and Lemongrass plants, from our flower bed outside the house, to a pot to be brought in, in preparation for Winter, I found young tomato plant and young green pepper plants sprouting in the garden bed outside. Do I need to replant the young tomato and green peppers to a pot to be brought into the house during winter. I'm staying in Hagerstown, Maryland.
 




Tomatoes and green peppers




Tomatoes and green peppers need lots of direct sun or grow lights and you can't really replant them at this point.
 




I've transplanted tomatoes




I've transplanted tomatoes like this. It is hard to save them but if you dig up the dirt with the plant. It won't disturd the roots and you can save it.
 




When is the best time to do




When is the best time to do slip cuttings like on coleus? Know there is a moon sign to go by but can't find it.
 




We suggest that you use the




We suggest that you use the time when the Moon is in the astrological (not astronomical) signs of Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces. To find out when those occur, you can purchase the 2014 Moon's Sign Astrology Table for download here:http://www.almanac.com/product...
Or the 2015 table, here:http://www.almanac.com/product...
Please note, the Moon's Sign Astrology Table is not the same as the Best Days Astrological Timetable. The latter offers the best dates for various activities, according to our astrologer, such as "Graft or pollinate." For the best days for the next two months, see:http://www.almanac.com/bestday...
 




When do I transplant grape




When do I transplant grape vines?
 




We've never moved a grape




We've never moved a grape vine but early fall would be the proper time. Be sure to get a good rootball. Usually, we leave established grape vines alone and take cuttings off the new growth to plant in new areas. Grape shoots are easy to root.
 
 




What's the best time to prune




What's the best time to prune tomato plants?
 




Determinate tomatoes, those




Determinate tomatoes, those that produce for a short period of time and finish, do not have to be pruned.
Indeterminate tomatoes, those that grow until frost—or you pull them—can be pruned at any time. Pruning will help the plant to put its energy into producing fruit that matures, instead of producing lots of flowers that never develop.
 




Do you have any




Do you have any reccomendations for pruning the indeterminate tomatoes?
 




how do you tell which ones




how do you tell which ones are suckers on a tomato plant ?
 




Suckers are the leafy growths




Suckers are the leafy growths between the crotch of the main stem and the branches.  For determinate varieties of tomatoes, prune once when “suckers” are around 2 to 4 inches in length. Do NOT pinch or prune indeterminate varieties (Better Boy, Big Boy, Cherokee, and other beefsteak tomatoes) or it will lessen your fruit harvest.
 




I purchased bacon seeds. 




I purchased bacon seeds.  When will be the best time to plant them and how long to harvest?
Have a blessed day. . . just a little fun sent your way. . .
Chris
 




what are bacon seeds?




what are bacon seeds?
 




I recently got some bacon




I recently got some bacon seeds also and going to start them a few weeks before the last frost. I grew them last year and they produced very well. Got about 20 lbs of bacon from them. :)
 




Say what




Now what are Bacon seeds ?
 




Where can I purchase the




Where can I purchase the bacon seeds, please? I'd prefer the thick-sliced bacon seeds, but would also like to try growing some Canadian bacon in the garden this year. I'm also wondering if woodchucks eat young bacon plants?
 




Your comment reminded me of




Your comment reminded me of the year I planted some Honey Nut Cheerios and grew the best donunts I have ever eaten.!
 




I have four types of roses:




I have four types of roses: large red, mini white, yellow and something between orange and red. A friend liked the red ones. I have tried three times to seed some, only once did something sprout but died immediately. I want to help without losing my red. The question is which is the best phase of the moon and how to seed a stem. thanks in advance...
 




Take all but two or three




Take all but two or three leaves off a rose stem.  Poke the cut end of the rose in a patato  and bury the potato out of direct sunlight. Cover with large glass jar or dish.  The rose will root and start growing in a month or two
 




I have what we always called




I have what we always called "saw biers" and they are taking over my patch of crape Myrtles and  Azaleas. The vine is full of biers and have an underground runner. I have heard that they have to be dug up but I am unable to dig. What can I do to kill them without killing my shrubs. I'm about to the point of having them all cut down to the ground where I can just mow over everything.
 




Have you tried Agricultural




Have you tried Agricultural vinegar? Check Amazon if you want to try. I have been using some of about a month and have been happy with the results. Only kills what you put it on. Did not work on salt grass.
 




I just bought two orange




I just bought two orange trees and one peach tree Is there a certain time of the month to transplant these trees or can you transplant them any time. I'm from Destrehan, Louisiana and I had to purchase theses trees because they were very cheap only 10 dollars each and they look great... Thanks for your help...
 




If you are gardening by the




If you are gardening by the moon's astrological place, the best time to transplant is when the Moon is in Cancer, Scorpio, or Pisces. (If you have a 2014 Old Farmer's Almanac, these dates are on p. 247). For May and June these dates are May 30, 31 and June 1, 9, 10, 11, 19, 27, & 28.
 




I heard Epson salts were good




I heard Epson salts were good for some plants...is this true! Thank you!
 




I don't know about plants




I don't know about plants they are good for, but they are supposed to help get rid of ants.  Sprinkle them all around the perimeter of your house.
 




Yes, Epsom Salt is good for




Yes, Epsom Salt is good for plants in moderation.  It contains micronutrients (magnesium sulfate) that plants need in addition to the macronutrients NPK.  Roses respond especially well to Epsom Salt.  For a good reference for using Epsom Salts in your garden, visit our "Very Useful Gardening Links" page of www.onehourgardener.com.
 




Epsom salts are especially




Epsom salts are especially good for tomatoes and a absolute must for hot peppers such as jalapenos and green chili as well. Try epsom salts plus at your local gardening store, its great stuff and has mix ratios
 




I want to plant a fig tree




I want to plant a fig tree when is the best time to plant one & where in my yard should I plant it?
 




Plant the fig tree in the




Plant the fig tree in the spring in full or partial sun. Go to our fig growing page for more information.http://www.almanac.com/plant/figs
 




How do you plant avocado




How do you plant avocado seeds?
 




Use the pit from an avocado.




Use the pit from an avocado. Supend it over water in a glass with the thick part of the pit in the water. After 3 to 6 weeks the top of the pit will split open and you'll see a stem growing. The bottom of the pit will grow roots. Plant the pit in a container with soil with the top and new growth above the soil.
 




Bury an avocado pit about 1




Bury an avocado pit about 1 inch below the surface, oriented with the "seam" between the halves perpendicular to the soil surface, water well.  Keep moist, but not soggy.  The pit will split and sprout as well or better than the water glass method.  In 4 to 6 weeks it will sprout.  Direct planting keeps from shocking the seedling with transplanting from water to soil.
 




We moved from WI to N MN last




We moved from WI to N MN last fall.  In WI we had pear trees that the woodpeckers were destroying. I wrapped the trunks and that helped but wondered what I would do when the birds started on the branches?  Now that we moved I have a crab apple tree that the woodpeckers are making holes on the branches.  Last fall the tree looked bad - black leaves.  My concern is that I want to put in apple trees but not to feed the birds.  Any ideas would be appreciated.
 




I have found nothing nor




I have found nothing nor anyone who can get rid of nut grass! Once you pull the grass you might see two or three of the nuts (little nodules) on the stringy threadlike roots, but there is a whole network of them underground! I pray you have a remedy for this hated grass!!!
 




Hogs will dig up every last




Hogs will dig up every last one... and then you can start over ;-)
 




I had nut Grass bad in my




I had nut Grass bad in my garden. Sprayed it the nut grass with Round Up @ 4ozs and 2gal hand sprayer got it all even the nuts.
 




I have three young children




I have three young children (5, 2 1/2, and 1) and I am able to be home with home during the summer. We have thought about planting a small garden. My oldest son has done this in Pre-school, and wants to try it at home. All of my children love vegetables, especially peppers. I want to do this with them, but I have not idea where to start. Any suggestions. We live in Central Illinois.
 




Sounds lovely! Dig up a plot




Sounds lovely! Dig up a plot so there are no weeds and mix in some compost.
	Lettuce, bush beans, radish, carrots, spinach, beets, and zucchini tend to be easy crops to grow.  See our Gardening section and our Planting Chart to know when to plant what in your zip code: www.almanac.com/plantingtable
 




Can anyone tell me, how to




Can anyone tell me, how to keep the squirrels from ruining my pecans? They pick them while they're green, chew the ends off & throw them down! I've tried everything I've heard of, so PLEASE help!!!
Thanks!
 




Squirrels strip the bark from




Squirrels strip the bark from limbs to get moisture. Try watering the grass at the base of the trees early in the morning (squirrels lick dew off of grass blades).
 




The squirrels actually eat my




The squirrels actually eat my green pecans as well. The also eat the pears and apples. I remedied this problem by putting tin around the base of all trees. Ace Hardware has the old tin pipes for the wood stoves, the larger ones work well. Possibly 2 to 3 of them around around larger trees. I also had the tops of the trees trimmed during the winter months while the sap was low. That way, the squirrels couldn't hop from tree to tree and eat the pecans, pears and apples, I've actually watched them eat them. Hope this helps.
 




A .22 or pellet gun works




A .22 or pellet gun works well unless you are in the city but having a few cats works well in town or city.
There is also gopher poison that you can mix with a little bit of smashed peanuts.
 




Ann,
Have you tried using




Ann,
Have you tried using essential oils. Specifically peppermint oil. Fill a pump up sprayer with partial water, then the rest with partial peppermint. Shake it up, spray it on the tree (it's a "GREEN" thing, no poisons)and see if the scent doesn't drive them crazy. The peppermint will not hurt your pecans, and after awhile the squirrels will leave it alone
 




I do like essential line-up




I do like essential line-up consider application based upon frequency rain fall (I know that seems obvious but I worked in a greenhouse and you'd be amazed...). Also consider predator urine. There is a web site that you can select a pest and are given options for predators (may have multiple pests you are trying to target). Thepeemart.com and predator urine is inexpensive. Doesn't require much (their sense of smell so much better than ours). You also must apply more frequently with rain.
Mole baits are often in baited worms and squirrels wouldn't eat that. Also toxins are toxins for just that reason. Must consider effects to other animals (such as a household pet) as well as yourself around edibles. Powders and sprays can often be systemically absorbed and depending on when it is time to harvest the pesticide can accumulate in the fruit.
 




Hey Deb,  the chart they have




Hey Deb,  the chart they have never published is under Gardening.
 




When can you tell when the




When can you tell when the SAP is up or down in a tree?
 




Sap flows during the daytime




Sap flows during the daytime when the conditions are right. You need cold nights (below freezing) and warm days (above freezing). It is the fluctuation that causes the flow of sap. During the night, the carbon dioxide cools and contracts and some sap freezes; this all creates suction in the tree which causes water from the soil to be drawn up into the roots and travel up through the sapwood. During the day, as the temperatures rise above freezing, the sap starts to flow. Then, the process repeats itself.
 




I have several different




I have several different Elephant Ears planted in the ground as well as a Huge Hydrangea. I am trying to help my sister with transplanting the elephant ears and was needed the best instructions to do the process (In pots/in ground) Also the money grass.  The biggest questions is there any way to get cuttings from the one plant.  I was a flower we had placed on my grandmother grave for easter 1 year and my sister was her favorite.  It's at least 3.5' tall and probably 5' wide.  She really wanted to put some of this particular Hydrangea at her house.  ???  
Also another plant from my other grandmother, it's a peace plant???  and my mom(Her mother) also wants cuttings from this and we have tried several times in the past and never have been successful.   Any solutions to this.  I have transplanted this 3 times since my grandmother passed and has totally grown 4' ft in the post of course and mom really wants to start some of this at her house.  I would really appreciate your help with these as I DO NOT have a green thumb what so ever.  
Thanks
Desperate to share sentimental plants and shrubs.  
Suzie
 




Elephant ears have tubers and




Elephant ears have tubers and you can divide these to start new plants. If the peace plant is a peace lily it grows horizontal roots just under the soil. You can cut and divide some of these for new plants. A hydrangea can be propagated from soft wood cuttings. Cut 4-6 inch lengths of new green stems from the bush. Dip the bottoms of the stems in rooting hormone and plant in small pots. Remove the biggest leaves to encourage root growth.
Go to our individual plant pages at http://www.almanac.com/content... to read more about how to care for these plants.
 




In cold weather areas I dig




In cold weather areas I dig the Elephant ear roots and separate if several are connected. I cut all but the last leaf and wrap them in newpaper with the leaf sticking out and store them in a dark corner of the garage. 3 to 5 months later I take them out and replant. This has worked for Elephant ear and Alocatia type plants.
 




Last fall I dug up




Last fall I dug up perennials, roses and elephant ears. Moving to another state. Did not have room to travel. Plants are in a lock door shed in containers. Will any survive through cold Il winter. No water since Dec.
Mainly worry on elephant ears bulbs. Leaves where black
 




It all depends on how cold it




It all depends on how cold it was in the shed. Elephant ears are tropical plants and can't tolerate freezing. If the bulbs are mushy you need to throw them away.
 




I live in north Al. and I




I live in north Al. and I have lots of Elephant Ears.
In the fall I cover the bulbs with crushed leaves.
In a cold winter the bulbs get mushy at the tops. I remove leaf mulch and scrape all the mushy stuff off. New leaves sprout from the good part of the rhizome that is left. I don't dig any of it up, just scrape off mushy stuff.
 




PLEASE  HELP  ME!  I  want to




PLEASE  HELP  ME!  I  want to transplant  my mother's( who passed away last year)  peonies. They  mean the world to me,  but they're in an OLD  bed  that  no matter  how I try ends up full off Bermuda grass! I  pull it all out &  add  Preen,  but still by summer the peonies are suffocating!  Plus they've never been separated and some are bulbs &  some are roots.  I want to put them in my newly built raised bed,  but I don't know when OR    should wait till they start coming up.  I can't lose these.  Please help me.( btw  I'm in NE AR.)  Thank  you
 




Best time to transplant




Best time to transplant peonies is in the fall when the plants begin to go dormant. Dig the peonies carefully to try to get as much of the roots as possible. Wash the soil off the roots that you want to divide, then use a sharp, clean knife to cut through the crown. Make sure each piece has some healthy stems.
 




Is the fall the best time to




Is the fall the best time to plant new peony tubers?I have tried unsuccessfully to get them to come up in the spring.I saw your comment on transplanting established plants. I want to order some from a nursery,is there a nursery online that you would recommend?I want these in my flower garden so bad!
 




If you planting the bare root




If you planting the bare root peony tubers, yes, fall is the best time--when the leaves first begin to turn. This allows them to develop a strong root system before next spring's growth. There are many good peony growers. For example, try googling "White Flower Farm." We hope this helps!
 




If you dig up peonies right




If you dig up peonies right now, you may very well kill them. Peonies are a bit finicky about being moved. Best bet is to deal with the grass for one more summer, then work your magic in the fall.
 




There used to be a list of




There used to be a list of what days to not plant seeds as nothing would grow or best days to plant them. I haven't been able to find this . Is this still available? Thanks!
 




Hi Deb G,
We do have a Best




Hi Deb G,
We do have a Best Days by the Moon chart which includes planting here: http://www.almanac.com/bestday...
I hope this is what you are seeking?
Thanks for your interest in The Old Farmer's Almanac!
 




Thank you, that one is




Thank you, that one is helpful but the one I'm looking for goes month by month and states " good day to plant seeds, best day to plant seeds, anything planted today will rot, good day to transplant, best day to transplant etc. I appreciate your help.
 




Hi Deb,
We are sorry, but the




Hi Deb,
We are sorry, but the chart you are looking for is something that we have never published.
 




If you go to the home page it




If you go to the home page it is under "gardening".
 




Too Deb G. click the link @




Too Deb G. click the link @ top for Gardening. Then Best Planting Dates. planting by the moon's phase.
 




When do you transplant okra




When do you transplant okra
 




Hi Janae, Transplant okra




Hi Janae, Transplant okra when there are 3 to 4 leaves. You can set in double rows 15 to 18 inches apart and 12 inches in between plants.
 




Just bought 2 Elberta peach




Just bought 2 Elberta peach trees what is best month & day to plant??
Thanks for your time & help.
 




Region 1--north




Region 1--north Carolina-western.15 miles from Virginia.
 




What is the best fruit trees




What is the best fruit trees to plant and when. I live in sc
 




According to NC cooperative




According to NC cooperative extension services: Trees can be planted from late fall (after Thanksgiving) until early spring. Late-fall-planted trees may be more prone to winter injury, and late spring plantings (after mid-April) are not recommended. Early winter (late December to early January) is the optimal time for planting in North Carolina.  
 




The current winter we've had




The current winter we've had up here in the Cheese Head area of Wisconsin had a record low temp. of -50 overnight.  My question would be about the Dawn Redwood tree that I've had growing for at least 4 or more years.  Has this particular winter caused considerable damage to it?  
Please inform me if you can.... Thanks
 




Dawn Redwoods (Metasequoia)




Dawn Redwoods (Metasequoia) do best in Zones 5 to 8; you might be able to grow them in 4 or 9, depending on conditions. (Wisconsin ranges from Zones 3 to 5.) They do not like cold temperatures, with about -15F the coldest they can tolerate for longer periods. A severe cold snap of -50F may likely have caused damage, depending on how long that temperature lasted, how sheltered a spot your tree is in, your tree's overall health (young trees may be more susceptible), and whether there was any winter protection (burlap, mulch, etc.), or even snow cover (which insulates), that may have protected parts of it. Only time will tell--wait several months into the growing season to see any signs.
Cold damage may show up as twigs and branches blackening and dying back from the tip down; depending on the severity of damage (how many branches were affected, and how much along their lengths, for example), the tree might recover from this, especially if the roots were protected. You might ask a local garden nursery for their thoughts about your tree and the cold snap that you've experienced. They can recommend a proper approach for care during the growing season to help the plant recover. Good luck! Dawn redwoods are beautiful trees.
 




I need to know when it would




I need to know when it would be best to transplant my Blueberry Bushes. I live in Newton, North Carolina, and planted them in the shade. No one told me they needed a lot of sunshine.
Thanks
Freda
 




Best time to transplant




Best time to transplant blueberries is when the bushes are dormant. Early spring or late fall are good times to move the blueberries.
 




With all of the current




With all of the current freezing in the south I have been afraid to plant my satsuma trees. I wanted to plant by recommended dates, but was afraid. Should I be. It's beeen very wet as well.
 




If it has been a cold winter




If it has been a cold winter with freeze warnings it is best to wait until all danger of frost has passed. Young satsuma trees will not survive freezing temperatures.
 




I live in Puerto Rico, up in




I live in Puerto Rico, up in the mountings, Zone 12 area, it also rains a lot because I live near a Tropical Rain Forest. Yesterday a started planting some okra, beets, onion and Romaine lettuce seed. Any recommendations?
 




You may find this page about




You may find this page about gardening in the tropics helpful: http://www.tropicalpermacultur...
 




Sweet potatoes do well there




Sweet potatoes do well there I had some when I was small .Great place to grow anything you want   avocado trees are great and pana tree (taste like a potatoes but buttery).Mangoe trees are great also ...
 




Csn i plant tomatoes in




Csn i plant tomatoes in september
 




It depends where you live and




It depends where you live and your frost dates. We don't plant tomatoes in September in most of North America because we'll have frost before the tomatoes mature. However, in areas in the South that don't have frost, planting can happen in September at temperatures that tomatoes like. If you have October frosts, you'd want to get your transplants in the ground by August 1.  As a rule of thumb: figure out your frost date (see the frost chart on this Web site) and figure out your "days to maturity" for your tomato variety and back out the dates.
 




i would like to start




i would like to start geraniums in pots. today is really warm and humid so would like to give them the best chance at solid success.
 




We love geraniums in pots! 




We love geraniums in pots!  Just use well-drained soil with lots of organic matter. Do NOT water too much. Let the soil get dry between waterings. And avoid too much fertilzer too. We don't know where you live, but you're kind of late in the season. We fertilize once in the spring and then a few times during the growing season with a liquid 20-20-20 fertilizer.
 




I planted okra seeds and all




I planted okra seeds and all came up.  I have at least 24 plants.  To date, I have had no blooms or pods and no signs of them - plants are green and healthy.  They are above 3 feet tall. I also planted them on the day recommented for planting above ground plants in March or April.
 




Okra is a heat-loving plant




Okra is a heat-loving plant that requires 55 to 75 days with temperatures ideally above 85°F for flowers to develop. Growth will slow down when air temperature is below 70°F. If you live in a colder region you may need to give the plants some extra time to produce.
 




Try cutting off some of the




Try cutting off some of the leaves and on some of the other leaves, take a very stiff switch or stick and hit the leaf stem to the point of damaging the stem.  The plant will send up a substance to repair the damage.  You will see a "knot" form around the damaged area like a sling of sorts, and then look for those blooms to apear.  Try this on a FEW of your plants and see if they don't do much better than the others..  It works in Western Arkansas, and it probably will work where you are.
 




Is it to early to begin my




Is it to early to begin my starters inside for my garden?
 




Mrs. Hines, It depends on




Mrs. Hines, It depends on where you live. See our chart for when to plant seeds indoors based on your zip code here: http://www.almanac.com/gardeni...
 




When is the best time for




When is the best time for rooting hardwood cuttings.  I am in the process of planting a hedge around our century farm and will be using a hybrid willow.  I suspect a water sign but want verification.
 




Take cuttings from plants you




Take cuttings from plants you wish to propagate when the Moon is waxing (between new and full). Cancer is the most productive Moon sign for transplanting, grafting, dividing and starting cuttings. Scorpio and Pisces are also good signs.
 




This region map does not have




This region map does not have a link to the region 1 dates.
 




Hello, Bama, Thanks for your




Hello, Bama, Thanks for your comment. We will fix the map. In the meantime, here is the link to Region 1: http://www.almanac.com/content...
 




I have a dozen plants




I have a dozen plants (trees/shrubs) that I received from the Audobon Society.  I've brought them along from match sticks to three foot tall potted plants.  When should I put them in the ground, in the rocky Northeast Tennessee soil?
 




If the trees are




If the trees are container-grown or balled-and-burlapped (not bare-root), you can plant them in fall or early spring, when they are dormant. Bare-root trees should be planted in late winter/early spring, while the plants are dormant. For tips on how to plant trees correctly, where to site them, etc., you might check with your county’s Cooperative Extension. See: http://www.almanac.com/content...
 




This map lists all of Iowa as




This map lists all of Iowa as Zone 2, but living in northern Iowa all of my life I know that planting dates and last frost predictions etc. fall more accurately into Zone 3, i.e. May 15th has always been the earliest planting date based on local wisdom. If you look at the map visually you can see where northern Iowa should really be considered Zone 3 based on the demarcation line for neighboring states/regions.
 




These regions are quite




These regions are quite large. For towns near the border, we recommend looking at both regions.
 




As I was weeding and cleaning




As I was weeding and cleaning my garden area for planting I notice an English pea plant had sprouted between the cracks of my vegetable containers. The plant already have a few baby pea pods growing. I was wondering if I could uproot the plant with the root in contact can I transplant it to a container?
 




They are mature for




They are mature for transplanting but you can try it you do not disturb the roots or rootball in the process. If possible, transplant on overcast days or in the early morning. See our Pea page for planting tips as peas like phosphorus and potassium. http://www.almanac.com/plant/peas
 




How can I find out what days




How can I find out what days are safe to trim bushes and plants. I know if you cut in the heart (Spelled wrong)? they will die. A neighbor used to tell me, but she has passed. Help please
 




Hi, Kay, If you are looking




Hi, Kay, If you are looking for best days by the Moon, see the Best Days timetable (look under pruning): http://www.almanac.com/bestday...
 




i just wanted to know the




i just wanted to know the last frost date for 2012 this year and now its not really what i was looking for i wasn't looking for when to plant stuff outside i was looking for the last frost date i never make hill's for my plants and they do fine until the deer eat them what i planted was probably like a snack to them i didn't mind it as long as i got a few of what i planted you know im sure they will eat my garden fruits this year to this year im going to plant more then i did last year manly its going to be for my turtles and not me.
 




Hi Mike, This chart will show




Hi Mike, This chart will show you the last frost date for your city and state: http://www.almanac.com/gardeni... 
You can also see frost charts here: http://www.almanac.com/content...
 




get some old panty hose and




get some old panty hose and put hair in it and hang around garden spot and deer will not go near it   you can get lots of hair at barber shop or beauty salon.
 




Predator urine works well




Predator urine works well against deer. Deer are prey species. They must be STARVING to dare eat nearby a potential predator. If you know any hunters most will NIT urinate near their tree stands-humans are a predator as well. I live in the country and will occasionally pop a squat bear my garden and I do believe it helps (considering my house is surrounded by corn and soybeans I'd say so!) Predator urine can be purchased at hunting stores or online. I've used thepeemart.com before. Must reapply with rain and doesn't require much, their sense of smell is so much greater than ours.
 




Hi,  could anyone tell me the




Hi,  could anyone tell me the best days, astrologically speaking, for transplanting a potted plant?
 




Transplanting is best under a




Transplanting is best under a fertile Moon sign. Scorpio, Cancer, or Pisces Moons are best. You can see our Best Days chart and look at "planting aboveground plants" -- http://www.almanac.com/bestday...
 

 






















Keep Your New Garden Growing


Top 10 Veggies.
Almanac Editors Tips- water, feed, pest control, harvest
 
 You will also be subscribed to our Almanac Companion Newsletter
 














Live Webcams

Visit the Almanac HQ Webcam
Visit the Almanac Garden Webcam







Solar Energy Production Today0.00 kWhLive data from the solar array at The Old Farmer's Almanac offices in Dublin, NH.






















 
























Planting a New Hedge - Advice from Buckingham Nurseries










 Use RootGrow to establish plants quickly. 
  
Quick Jump:
Catalogue Home Page
  Accessories
  BBQs and Accessories
  Camellias
  Climbers
  Ground Cover Plants
  Hedging, Trees, Conifers & Shrubs
  Hostas
  Iris
  Ferns
  Fruit
  Ornamental Grasses
  Ornamental Trees & Shrubs
  Roses
  Specialist Plants
  RootGrow
  Broadleaf P4
  Vegetable Plants & Herbs
Plant Index
Plant Guide
---------------------
View Trolley

























 PLANTING A NEW HEDGE





                1-1.5ft (30-45cm) Transplanted Cotoneaster Simonsii during first summer 
                after planting. 
              


              By the second summer the plants have formed a solid barrier. Click 
              here to view a mature Contoneater 
              Simonsii hedge.




                2-3ft (60-90cm) transplanted Hornbeam, 
                first summer after planting. 
              


              Second summer after planting. Click 
              here to view a mature Hornbeam 
              hedge.




Rubus Cockburnianus (White-Stemmed 
              Bramble), 2 years after planting. Click 
              here to view winter colour.




                2-3ft (60-90cm) Hornbeam & 
                Mixed Native Hedging, 2nd, 3rd 
                and 5th years after planting.


WHY PLANT SMALL 
              PLANTS?
If you wish to create a hedge which is really 
              dense and bushy from the ground upwards it is advisable to plant 
              young, small plants. Many people look at the small bare rooted seedlings 
              or transplants and imagine it will be years before they will achieve 
              anything which looks like a 'hedge'. If larger plants are chosen 
              the result can often be that the hedge is rather gappy at the base. 
              Also larger plants are more expensive and are more likely to fail 
              than small ones.
To show how quickly a hedge can be created with 
              the young plants we have taken a series of pictures of a few species 
              in their first and second year of growth. Further photographs will 
              be taken in the future until the hedges are mature. The site this 
              experiment is taking place on is windy and on the top of a hill 
              in a nearby village. If it was in a sheltered warm valley faster 
              results should be obtained, but the site chosen will give a better 
              idea for average conditions in Great Britain.
GETTING READY FOR 
              YOUR PLANTS TO ARRIVE
Please ensure you are ready for your plants 
              as deliveries are made during week days when you may be unable to 
              plant them, or the ground could be frozen or snow-covered. Plants 
              deteriorate if left in their packing too long, so have an area of 
              cultivated soil in a sheltered site prepared in advance. Do this 
              by digging a trench about 50cm (20 inches) deep and cover the area 
              with polythene to keep it dry and prevent it freezing. When the 
              plants arrive, unwrap them and any bare-rooted ones should be soaked 
              for up to two hours in water. Bed the plants into the prepared trench 
              and cover the roots with soil, which should be watered if dry. The 
              plants can remain in this state until you are able to plant into 
              their final place. Any pot grown plants should be watered if necessary 
              then kept in a sheltered position until planted.
PREPARING THE GROUND
If possible, get the preparation done before the winter planting 
              season - while the weather and soil is still warm. Irrigate dry 
              soils copiously before any cultivation is carried out.
To prepare the soil for hedges, dig a trench at least 45cm (18in) 
              wide and 30cm (1ft) deep along the length of the proposed hedge 
              infilling with improved soil as necessary. For individual trees 
              or shrubs clear a circle approximately 1 metre / 1 yard diameter 
              of grass and weeds. Dig the area to at least 30cm (1ft) deep and 
              improve the soil structure as necessary.
To improve the structure of the soil, incorporate generous quantities 
              of compost, such as well-rotted garden compost, well-rotted farmyard 
              manure, mushroom compost or composted bark. If the soil has poor 
              drainage add sharp sand or coarse grit (make sure it is lime-free). 
              If the soil is heavy clay take care not to create a solid basin 
              at the base of the trench that will stop the water from draining 
              freely.
 If this preparation is done in advance of planting the soil can 
              then settle and will be workable when you come to put the plants 
              in during the winter. Even if the soil is cold and frosty on the 
              surface, it will be relatively easy to turn over if it has been 
              correctly prepared.
 Plant the new plants and mulch well with at least 5-10cm (2-4in) 
              bark chips or other mulching material around the plants. You can 
              put down landscape 
              fabric first and plant through this, mulching on top. 
              The mulch is very important as it suppresses weed growth and helps 
              retain valuable moisture in the surrounding soil.
 It is essential that all evergreens are sheltered from drying 
              winds during their first winter and growing season. If the weather 
              conditions are particularly severe or the site is subject to strong 
              prevailing winds a protective windbreak should be erected, for example 
              windbreak netting. 
              This will help to prevent the plants drying out before their roots 
              are established.
 For all plants it is essential that they are kept well watered 
              during their first year even in winter when they are dormant. It 
              is important to keep them moist in March, April and May just before 
              they break dormancy. As a guide, in dry weather at least two gallons 
              (10 litres) of water per square yard/metre should be applied twice 
              a week. Also, it is advisable to spray over the foliage of evergreens 
              in the evenings as well as watering. Use a hose-end diluter to make 
              the task easier.
 Ensure that all tree ties are kept secure but not too tight, and 
              that no grass or weeds are allowed to grow around the plants for 
              at least a year.
 In the first year plants often come into leaf and flower much 
              later than established plants and it should not be assumed that 
              the plants have failed should they be late into leaf. Evergreen 
              shrubs may drop their leaves when transplanted, they should re-grow 
              new shoots within three months of planting.
PLANTING WITH ROOTGROW AND BROADVIEW P4
Whether planting bare root, ball root or pot grown plants, we would 
              strongly recommend using Rootgrow. Rootgrow enhances plant’s 
              root system so a newly planted plant can find more food, nutrients 
              and water. This means you need less fertilizer, the plants will 
              establish faster and it reduces failure rates. The product can only 
              be applied whilst planting as it has to be in contact with the roots, 
              but as it is so effective it may be advisable to delay planting 
              until you have purchased enough to treat the roots of your plants. 
              It is available from the Garden Centre or by mail order. Find out 
              more about Rootgrow here.
Broadleaf  P4  is the ideal product to use with Rootgrow  as it is a water retaining gel which the young roots can grow through and will  last for up to 5 years by which time the plants will be well established.  Rain or irrigated water will be held around  the root absorbing nutrients as well and these can be used by the plants when  needed. Further details of this product are available here. 
PLANTING & PRUNING 
              INSTRUCTIONS
When planting and caring for a new hedge it is very important to 
              follow the pruning and planting instructions which will come with 
              the plants, or are available from the Garden Centre shop. Some people 
              do not like to cut their hedging plants back, or forget to do so, 
              and with many varieties this will result in a hedge which is not 
              dense at the base. The best hedges develop from a good basal re-growth 
              – so ensure this prune is carried out at planting time or 
              in the first spring.            


Hedging 
                  Plants:
By 
                  Common (English) Name
By 
                  Latin (Botanical) Name

Catalogue Listing, 
                    Hedging Plants:

A-B, 
                    C-D, 
                    E-H, 
                    L-M, 
                    O-Q, 
                    R-S, 
                    T-Z







 BUCKINGHAM NURSERIES AND GARDEN CENTRE - 
              ESTABLISHED 1945 



 


 
 Home : Plant 
                  Guide / Hedging, 
                  Trees, Shrubs & Conifers :
                  Planting a New Hedge
 










