













Corporate Leadership | United Rentals



















 
























This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to continue
        using this site.





















                      SIGN IN / REGISTER                    


 Find A Location Customer Care




                    English                  






                            Español                          



                            Français                          










                ×
              




 
                        SIGN IN / REGISTER                      

 Find A Location Customer Care





Rent Equipment
Used Equipment
Solutions
Services
Safety & Training
Our Company
 









                          Call us                        




















                      Search                    








                      Your Cart                    


















      ×
    




Search form

Search 





 













United RentalsOur CompanyAbout United RentalsCorporate Leadership


							Our Company						

Founded in 1997, United Rentals is the largest equipment rental company in the world, with a store network nearly three times the size of any other provider, and locations in 49 states and 10 Canadian provinces.  Learn More About United Rentals  Download Annual Reports 



 
 


















            Executive Leadership 




            Senior Vice Presidents 




            Vice Presidents 




            Regional Vice Presidents 




 
 





Executive Leadership  








      Michael J. Kneeland
    

      President and Chief Executive Officer
    



          Learn more about Michael J. Kneeland
        

Michael Kneeland was appointed president and chief executive officer of United Rentals, and a director of the company, in 2008. He had previously served as interim chief executive officer since 2007. Mr. Kneeland joined United Rentals in 1998 as district manager upon the company's acquisition of Equipment Supply Company. In 1999 his responsibilities were expanded to include multiple districts within United Rentals' aerial operations. He was subsequently named vice president-aerial operations in 2000, and vice president-southeast region in 2001, before being appointed executive vice president-operations in 2003. His more than 33 years of management experience in the equipment rental industry includes key positions in sales and operations with private, public and investor-owned companies, including Freestate Industries, Inc. Mr. Kneeland served as Freestate's president from 1995 until the company was sold to Equipment Supply Company in 1996. From 1996 to 1998 he served as general manager for Rylan Rents d/b/a Freestate Industries, a division of Equipment Supply. At the time it was acquired by United Rentals, Equipment Supply was the largest aerial equipment rental company in North America. In 2011, Mr. Kneeland was appointed to serve on the board of directors of YRC Worldwide, Inc., a leading provider of transportation and global logistics services, where he serves as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In 2015, he was designated Co-Chair, Transportation Stakeholder Alliance (The Business Council of Fairfield County) and was also appointed to the National Advisory Board for the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics.




 







      William B. Plummer
    

      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
    



          Learn more about William B. Plummer
        

William Plummer was appointed chief financial officer of United Rentals in 2008. His more than two decades of financial leadership experience include positions as chief financial officer of Dow Jones & Company, where he set policy for global finance and corporate strategy, and vice president and treasurer of Alcoa Inc., where he was responsible for global treasury policy and relationship management with commercial and investment banks. Previously, he held executive positions with Mead Corporation and General Electric Capital Corporation.  Mr. Plummer serves as a director for John Wiley & Sons, Inc., where he is a member of the audit and technology committees, and for Global Payments Inc., where he is a member of the audit committee.  Mr. Plummer holds degrees in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a master of business administration degree from Stanford University's Graduate School of Business.




 







      Matthew J. Flannery
    

      Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
    



          Learn more about Matthew J. Flannery
        

Matthew J. Flannery was appointed as our executive vice president and chief operating officer in April 2012. Mr. Flannery has extensive experience in all areas of the Company’s operations, having previously served as executive vice president—operations and sales, senior vice president—operations east and in two regional vice president roles in aerial operations. Mr. Flannery has also served as a district manager, district sales manager and branch manager of the Company. He has over two decades of sales, management and operations experience in the rental industry. Mr. Flannery joined the Company in 1998 as part of the Company’s acquisition of Connecticut-based McClinch Equipment.




 







      Dale A. Asplund
    

      Executive Vice President, Business Services and Chief Information Officer
    



          Learn more about Dale A. Asplund
        

Dale Asplund was promoted to Executive Vice President - Business Services and Chief Information Officer in January 2017, after previously serving as senior vice president - business services and chief information officer since April 2012 and senior vice president – business services since 2011. Joining the company in 1998, he has held various senior positions that included responsibility for supply chain, fleet management and shared services. His current position also includes management for the Company’s information technology systems. Mr. Asplund previously worked for United Waste Systems, Inc. as a divisional manager.




 







       Craig A. Pintoff
    

      Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Legal Officer
    



          Learn more about  Craig A. Pintoff
        

Mr. Pintoff was promoted to executive vice president—chief administrative and legal officer in March 2017, with responsibility for leading the Company’s legal and human resources functions, after previously serving as senior vice president, general counsel and human resources since January 2016. Mr. Pintoff has led the United Rentals human resources team since 2005, first as vice president, and since April 2011, as senior vice president. He joined United Rentals in 2003 as director-legal affairs. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pintoff was chief benefits and employment counsel for Crompton Corporation in Connecticut. Previously, he was an attorney for White & Case LLP in Manhattan. Mr. Pintoff holds a Juris Doctor from the Columbia Law School and an LL.M. from the New York University School of Law. 




 

 





Senior Vice Presidents  





Michael D. Durand
Senior Vice President - Operations


Michael Durand was appointed to lead the company’s Pacific West Region in 2013. He joined United Rentals in 2002 as a branch manager, and held subsequent field management roles as sales manager, district manager, and regional sales and marketing director for the Northwest Region. 




Jeffrey J. Fenton
Senior Vice President – Business Development


 Jeffrey J. Fenton was named senior vice president—business development of United Rentals in 2013.  Prior to joining the Company, he was a Principal of Devonshire Advisors LLC for nine years, and held senior executive and board positions with BlueLinx Holdings Inc., Global MotorSports Group, Transamerica Trailer Leasing and Maxim Crane Works Holdings, Inc. During his over 20 years with General Electric, he served in numerous positions culminating in chief executive officer of GE Capital Modular Space and was an officer of GE Capital Corporation. Mr. Fenton is also a director of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc.




Joli Gross
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


Joli Gross was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in May 2017. Ms. Gross previously held the position of Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and joined United Rentals in 2002 as Director of Legal Affairs. Prior to joining the Company, she was an associate with the law firm of Day, Berry & Howard, specializing in commercial real estate and contracts; and an associate with Edwards & Angell, specializing in civil litigation and arbitration.  Ms. Gross holds a Juris Doctor from the New England School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts from Boston University.




David A. Hobbs
Senior Vice President - Operations


David Hobbs was named senior vice president – operations in 2014, nine years after joining United Rentals as a district sales manager. Previously he held management roles at the district, region and corporate levels, most recently as vice president – gulf region beginning in 2009. David has well over a decade of experience in the equipment rental industry, including positions with H&E Equipment Services as director of salesforce and training, and branch manager; and sales positions for BPS Equipment.




Christopher K. Hummel
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer


Christopher K. Hummel was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in 2016. Prior to United Rentals, Mr. Hummel served as the chief marketing officer of Schneider Electric SE, with responsibility for the development and implementation of Schneider’s global marketing strategy. Mr. Hummel brings more than two decades of senior management experience to United Rentals, having previously held senior sales and marketing positions at Unify, SAP and Oracle. He holds a master’s degree from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, as well as a bachelor’s degree from Tufts University. 




Paul I. McDonnell
Senior Vice President - Sales & Specialty Operations


Paul McDonnell was named Senior Vice President – Sales & Specialty Operations in January 2017.  Mr. McDonnell brought more than a decade of construction industry experience to United Rentals when he joined the company as trench safety district manager in 1999. He was later promoted to region vice president – trench safety, power and hvac and then senior vice president - operations for the specialty regions in 2008. Prior to joining United Rentals, Mr. McDonnell was a construction project manager for Ryan Engineering, and general manager of D&E Steelplate Rental.




Kenneth B. Mettel
Senior Vice President - Performance Analytics


Kenneth Mettel became senior vice president, performance analytics in December 2014. Prior to that, he held the role of senior vice president, planning and analysis, beginning in April 2011. Earlier, he served as the company's vice president-strategy and planning. Prior to joining United Rentals in 2001, Mr. Mettel held senior management positions with International Paper as vice president, strategic planning, and with Unilever as director of financial analysis. His previous experience includes five years as finance manager, U.S. Toys with Mattel, Inc.




Jessica T. Graziano
Senior Vice President & Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 


Ms. Graziano was promoted to Senior Vice President—Controller and Principal Accounting Officer in March 2017, with responsibility for oversight of the Company’s accounting, risk management and financial planning and analysis departments, after previously serving as vice president—controller and principal accounting officer since joining the Company in December 2014. Before joining the Company, Ms. Graziano served as senior vice president—chief accounting officer, corporate controller and treasurer of Revlon, Inc. since April 2013. Prior to that, she served as Revlon’s senior vice president—global operations finance from December 2010 through March 2013 and as Revlon’s vice president and controller—U.S. customer finance from July 2009 to December 2010. Prior to Revlon, Ms. Graziano held other financial positions with UST Inc. (Altria Group) and KPMG LLP. Ms. Graziano holds a Bachelor’s degree from Villanova in Accountancy and an MBA in Finance from Fairfield University and is a certified public accountant. 




Irene Moshouris
Senior Vice President - Treasurer


Irene Moshouris was promoted to senior vice president, treasurer in April 2011. Joining the company in 2006 as Treasurer - Vice President, she is responsible for treasury, tax and credit. Her current position also includes real estate. Previously, she was vice president and deputy treasurer with Avon Products, Inc. Prior to Avon, Ms. Moshouris served as corporate tax manager with GTE Corporation; as tax director - pharmaceutical group, and tax manager - research and planning, with Sterling Winthrop, Inc.; and as tax manager and tax analyst with Arthur Anderson & Co.




Kevin C. Parr
Senior Vice President – Operations


Kevin Parr was named senior vice president – operations in 2013. He has more than 30 years of industry experience, first with UpRight, Inc., and then with Horizon Equipment, a business of W.R. Carpenter North America. He joined United Rentals in 2000 upon the company’s acquisition of Horizon, initially serving as fleet manager for the Aerial East Region, and subsequently as district manager, region sales and marketing manager, region vice president – Aerial East, and vice president – Northeast Region





 





Regional Vice Presidents  





 Robert C. Bower
  Vice President - Pacific West Region


Robert Bower was named vice president – national accounts in 2014, and has more than a decade of experience in the equipment rental industry. During his tenure, he has held various leadership positions with increasing responsibility to include: branch and district manager, integration team lead, and most recently, region sales and marketing director for the pacific west region.




Chris A. Burlog
Vice President - Midwest Region


Chris Burlog was named vice president - midwest region in 2009, eight years after joining United Rentals as district manager. Following 7 years as a successful DM, Chris was promoted to the position of RSMM for the Rocky Mountain Region, where he achieved great success in Key Customer and New Account growth. Chris also contributed in a key leadership role as a project leader in Operation United and proved to be a strong voice for the field during the project. Chris graduated with a Marketing degree from Minot State University and has a strong background in the equipment rental industry, having started his rental career as an industrial sales rep and soon becoming the sales manager of Butler Machinery, a Caterpillar dealer based in Sioux Falls, S.D.




Michael G. Cloer
Vice President – Southeast Region







John "Scott" Fisher
Vice President – Western Canada Region


Scott Fisher joined United Rentals upon the company’s merger with RSC in 2012, and was named to his current position in 2013. He previously served as RSC’s president of Canadian operations. He has over 20 years of experience in the construction equipment industry, including management roles with Skyway Canada Limited, Volvo Construction Equipment and Strongco Equipment, and sales within the Caterpillar dealer network. 




Joshuah P. Flores
  Region Vice President - Tools & Industrial Solutions


Josh Flores was named Region Vice President – Tool Solutions region in 2014 four years after joining United Rentals as District Manager.  Josh’s tenure as a District Manager was spent in both General rental and most recently in the Specialty division in Tool Solutions.  During his time as a DM within Tool Solutions he and his team delivered strong specialty revenue growth through new cold start location expansion and managed tool trailer solution sales by increasing customer productivity on jobsites.  Josh graduated with a BBA in Finance from Lamar University and has a strong background in the equipment rental industry.  He started his rental career after college as an ISR with Hertz Equipment Rental and was promoted through the ranks from OSR to Branch Manager then transitioned over to Hi-Way Equipment, A Case Construction Equipment dealer based in Houston, Texas as a General Manager before joining United Rentals in 2010.




 Todd M. Hayes
Vice President – Trench Safety Region


Todd was named vice president of the Trench Safety Region in 2012, after joining the Company in 1999 as part of the Shoring and Supply acquisition. Todd has over 20 years of progressively responsible experience in the construction equipment industry, including 16 years in the trench safety business. He began his career with United Rentals as a Branch Manager for trench locations Omaha, NE and Des Moines, IA. He then served as District Sales Manager and District Manager for United Rentals Trench Safety. Todd earned a BA in Business Administration from Bellevue University in Nebraska.




John J. Humphrey
 Vice President - Mid-Atlantic Region


John was named vice president of the Northeast Region in 2013. He joined United Rentals in 1998, with the acquisition of McClinch Equipment Company. John has over 27 years of industry experience, starting in Outside Sales, promoted to District Sales Management and has held the position of Tri State District Manager with United Rentals since 1999.  He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Iona College in New Rochelle, New York. 




William A. Kiker
Vice President - Pump Solutions


 Bill Kiker is region vice president of the Pump Solutions region.  He was previously President of National Pump & Compressor, joining United Rentals in 2014.  Bill was Gulf Coast area operations manager for Hertz Service Pump & Compressor from 1999 to 2007.  He began his career in 1987 with Service Pump & Compressor as an outside sales representative being promoted to regional manager in 1991.  Bill has over 28 years of industrial pump and compressor, rental, sales and service experience.  He earned a BA degree in economics from Teas A&M University in 2006.




Donald "Chad" Matter
Vice President - Industrial Region


Chad Matter is region vice president, Industrial region for the combined organization. Previously, he served as region vice president of RSC's Gulf region since April 2008. Chad began his career with RSC in August 1995 through the sales trainee program in Houston, Texas. Between 1996 and 1998, he was promoted to outside sales representative positions in the San Antonio and Austin markets, and he was recognized as sales representative of the year in 1998. In November 1999, Chad was promoted to sales manager for Central and South Texas. In 2002, he was promoted to district manager over the Central and South Texas district. Chad earned a BBA in marketing from Texas State University.




Jeffrey S. McGinnis
Vice President – South Region


Jeff McGinnis was named Vice President - South Region in 2014. Jeff began his career with Gaedcke Equipment Company in February of 1995 (acquired by United Rentals in 1998) as an Outside Sales Representative in Houston, Texas. He went on to hold various roles with United Rentals including Branch Manager, District Sales manager, District Manager and recently was the Region Sales and Marketing Director for the South Region. Jeff graduated from Stephen F Austin University in 1995 with a degree in Communications/Marketing.




Kevin M. O’Brien
 Vice President - Mid-Central Region


Kevin O'Brien serves as region vice president, Mid-Central region for the combined organization. Kevin was previously a region vice president at RSC. Kevin joined RSC in April 1997, as general manager of the St. Louis area. He was promoted to district manager in 2000, to region controller in 2002 and to region vice president in 2004. Kevin has a Bachelor's degree in business administration and accounting from the University of Kansas.




 Thomas P. Jones
Region Vice President, Onsite Services


Tom Jones was promoted to vice president of field sales in 2014, 14 years after joining United Rentals as a district manager. Previously he held region vice president roles in the Southeast, and most recently the Mid-Atlantic region for the combined organization. Tom has over two decades of experience in the equipment rental industry, beginning with Hertz Equipment Rental, Inc. in 1990. He also had a two-year tenure with AMECO as vice president of North America and Caribbean Operations.




Craig A. Schmidt
Vice President - Northeast Region


Craig Schmidt was named Vice President of the North East Region in 2015.  Craig, joined United Rentals in 1999 and has held numerous positions such as Branch Manager, National Fleet Vehicle Manager, Region National Accounts Manager, District Manager and most recently, Director, Region Sales & Marketing.  Prior to joining United Rentals Craig worked for Budget Car and Truck Rental with his last position being held was Director of Truck Operations for the Central Region.   Craig holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from Johnson & Wales University.




David C. Scott
Vice President - Power & HVAC Region


David was named vice president of the Power & HVAC Region in 2012, after joining the Company in 2010 as Region Operations Manager for the Power & HVAC business. He was previously Division Manager for Hertz Energy Services. David has over 20 years of industry experience with roles in sales and operations. He earned a Bachelor's degree in Sales, Distribution, and Marketing Operations from Kennesaw State University in Georgia.




Larry "Don" Irwin
Vice President – Gulf South Region








 





Vice Presidents  





Raymond J. Alletto
Vice President - Risk Management


Raymond Alletto brought more than 20 years of experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2005 as vice president - risk management. Previously, Mr. Alletto served as director - risk management for GTE Corporation, and for Purdue Pharma LP. He also held various risk management positions over 12 years with Hubbell Incorporated, including director of risk management and employee benefits.




Fred B. Bratman
Vice President


Fred Bratman was promoted to senior vice president, corporate communications and investor relations in April 2011. He rejoined United Rentals in 2008 as vice president - investor relations and corporate communications after previously serving as vice president - corporate communications from 2001 to 2004. In the interim, Mr. Bratman was executive vice president of Hyde Park Communications and president of Hyde Park Financial Communications, New York. Prior to United Rentals, Mr. Bratman served as director of marketing and communications for Deutsche Bank/North America; and vice president of Sard Verbinnen, a financial communications agency. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bratman was a financial journalist and editor at McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones.




 Gregg L. Christensen 
Vice President - National Accounts


Gregg Christensen was named vice president – national accounts in January 2016. He has been in the equipment rental industry for more than 30 years and has served in a number of sales and management positions throughout his career. Gregg joined the company in 2008 as a district manager, advanced to regional sales and marketing manager and then director of pricing. He was named vice president sales operations in 2011 and vice president sales force effectiveness in 2012. He most recently served as region sales and marketing director for the company’s south region. Gregg started his career as an ISR with Hertz Equipment Rental in 1982. After a 10 year career at Hertz, which included positions as an OSR, branch manager and eventually national account manager, he went on to pursue positions of increasing responsibility at BPS Equipment Rental and H&E Equipment Services. Gregg holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Florida Southern College.




James A. Dorris
Vice President - Environmental, Health and Safety


Jim Dorris joined United Rentals as vice president - health, safety, environment & sustainability in 2012.  Prior to United Rentals, he was corporate occupational safety director with Cummins, Inc., and earlier held leadership positions with Pfizer, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc.  Mr. Dorris is a certified safety professional who has worked closely with OSHA and the National Safety Council, where he is an active member of the OSHA alliance team and the NSC’s coveted Robert Campbell Institute




John J. Fahey
Vice President, Internal Audit


John Fahey brought more than 15 years of financial executive experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2005 as vice president - assistant corporate controller. In 2006, he assumed the additional role of principal accounting officer. In 2008, Mr. Fahey was appointed vice president - controller and, in that role, continued to serve the company as principal accounting officer. In December 2014, he became vice president, financial planning & analysis.  In July 2016, Mr. Fahey was appointed vice president – internal audit.  His prior experience includes senior positions as manager - corporate business development for Xerox Corporation; vice president and chief financial officer for Xerox Engineering Systems, Inc.; and vice president - finance and controller for Faulding Pharmaceutical Company. Mr. Fahey is a licensed certified public accountant who previously served as a general practice manager in accounting and auditing for Deloitte & Touche LLP.




William Grace
Vice President - Investor Relations


William Grace was appointed vice president, investor relations in April 2016.  He has more than 20 years’ experience in financial services. Most recently, he was a senior analyst with Susquehanna International Group covering the industrial machinery and building materials sector. Prior to Susquehanna, he was a vice president at Avondale Partners with responsibility for the building materials, construction and mining equipment research group; a member of the equity research team at Goldman Sachs & Co.; a member of the natural resources group at Banc of America Securities; and an associate at PaineWebber. He began his career as a financial analyst at Duff & Phelps Corp. Mr. Grace holds a dual bachelor’s degree in economics and political science from Bucknell University and a master’s in business administration from Cornell University.




Homer "Ned" Graham
Vice President - Operations Excellence


Ned Graham joined United Rentals in 2009 as vice president - business development, before being appointed vice president - operational excellence in 2013. In his current position, he leads initiatives dedicated to improving efficiency and productivity across the company. Over his 30 years in the equipment rental industry, Mr. Graham has served as senior vice president, regional vice president and district manager with RSC Equipment Rental, and owner of Approved Equipment Company, a multi-location rental, sales and service business




Daniel T. Higgins
Vice President - Technology and Operations


Daniel Higgins brought two decades of experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2006 as vice president - IT corporate services. His expertise in leading information technology functions for Fortune 500 companies includes positions as IT senior director of strategy, planning, and risk management, as well as IT director of performance management systems, for Pepsi Bottling Group. Previously, Mr. Higgins was senior group manager of corporate financial systems for PepsiCo.




Helge Jacobsen
Vice President - Operations Excellence


Helge Jacobsen joined United Rentals as vice president, internal audit and operational excellence in 2012, and became vice president, operations excellence in December 2014. Previously, he was vice president - global sales operations with Avaya, Inc., and partner and managing director with Tenex Capital Management. Earlier, he held senior positions with Cerberus/Teleglobe and General Electric, including vice president, supply chain/6-Sigma/quality with GE Power Controls. Mr. Jacobsen began his career with MBN International A/S in Denmark.




Brent R. Kuchynka
Vice President - Corporate Fleet Management


Brent Kuchynka is Vice President of Corporate Fleet management. Previously, he has held past positions as region vice president in the Canadian region, the Gulf Coast region and the Western region. Brent has more than 20 years of experience in the equipment rental industry. He began his career in 1994 with Valley Rentals, which was later acquired by RSC. During his tenure, he has occupied positions in branch operations, division project manager, sales management and regional management. He holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration in management from the University of Arizona.




TJ Mahoney 
Vice President, Supply Chain 


TJ joined United Rentals in 2005 as a Sourcing Manager and was promoted to Senior Sourcing Manager for equipment in 2006 and Director, Equipment Sourcing in 2007. He also has prior purchasing experience from positions at Hertz Equipment and Sunbelt Rentals.  TJ holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing from Fordham University and a MBA in Quality Management from Upper Iowa University.




Gordon McDonald
 Vice President - Managed Services


 Gordon McDonald was named vice president - managed services in 2012, following the merger of RSC Equipment Rental with United Rentals. His more than 30 years' experience with industrial tool rental and supply operations include 15 years with RSC and 23 years with Industrial Air Tool, an RSC acquisition. While with RSC, he served in field and corporate management positions, including regional manager for industrial on-site operations, and director of managed services, and was instrumental in advancing the company's software applications design. In 2008, he was appointed RSC vice president of managed services.




Joseph W. Pledger
Vice President - Finance Operations


Joe Pledger was promoted to Vice President, Operations Finance in July 2014.  Since joining United Rentals in 1998, he has served as district controller, region controller, and most recently as Senior Director, Planning and Analysis.  Mr. Pledger is a certified public accountant.  Prior to joining United Rentals he served as an audit manager with KPMG.  Mr. Pledger earned a Master’s degree in Accounting and B.S. in Business (magna cum laude) from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.




Timothy S. Rule
Vice President - Market Development


Timothy Rule was appointed Vice President – Market Development in 2013, after serving as Regional Vice President of the company’s Northwest Region.  Prior to joining United Rentals as district manager in 2002, he held industrial engineering, sales management and financial management positions with leading companies in the aerospace and construction equipment manufacturing industries, including Rohr Industries and CNH Global.  Tim holds a BS in Operations Management from San Diego State University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.




 Daniel C. Sparks
Vice President - Sales Operations & Support


Daniel Sparks was promoted to Vice President, Sales Operations in 2015. Since joining United Rentals, he has held positions as Region Finance Director, Sr Director, FP&A, and Sr Director, Pricing. Prior to joining United Rentals, Daniel held leadership positions in finance with IBM, Staples and Smashburger. Daniel holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration from the University of Colorado.





 



 











Related Links

 Company Overview


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 










              About Us          



                  Board of Directors                



                  Building Futures                



                  Giving Back                



                  Our Culture                



                  Supplier Diversity                



                  Corporate Leadership                



                  Mission & Values                 





              Our Careers          



                  About Us                



                  Who We Hire                



                  Campus                



                  Military                



                  Events                



                  Search Jobs                



                  FAQ's                





              News & Events          



                  Awards & Recognition                



                  Events Calendar                



                  FAQ's                



                  In The News                



                  Press Room                



                  RLL Racing Sponsorship                



                  HOME FREE on Fox                





              Investor Relations          



                  Annual Reports & Proxy Statements                



                  Corporate Governance                



                  FAQ's                



                  Financial Press Releases                



                  Investor Events & Conference Calls                



                  Investor Presentations                



                  Research Coverage                



                  SEC Filings                







 



















Delivery Fee
This Delivery fee can be avoided if you elect the "In-Store Pickup" option instead of delivery

×



Environmental
United Rentals applies an environmental charge to rented equipment that contains an internal combustion engine, hydraulic oils or similar components. The charge is 1.30% of the rental charge for equipment with a maximum charge of $75. The charge is designed to recover the company’s direct and indirect expenses for the handling, managing and disposing of waste products, hazardous materials and related administrative costs.
Some of our indirect expenses include, but are not limited to, the handling and managing of wastewater disposal, oil and fuel spills, fuel storage and management, fees paid to regulatory agencies and fees paid to vendors. Some of our direct environmental expenses include proper disposal of products from the care, maintenance and operation of equipment including used oil filters, spent oil absorbent, parts cleaners, scrap tires and waste antifreeze. This is not a government-mandated charge.

×



Rental Protection Plan
The Rental Protection Plan is not insurance. The Rental Protection Plan is optional and only available to direct commercial customers. When you purchase the Rental Protection Plan product, you will not be held responsible for the full replacement value of damaged or stolen equipment. If something does go wrong, you will be responsible for 10% of the damage costs or $500.00, whichever is less*.
Upon accepting the Rental Protection Plan, the customer agrees to pay a percentage based on the rented equipment, and in return United Rentals agrees to waive certain claims for accidental damage to or theft of the aforementioned equipment occurring during normal and careful use. The customer remains liable for all other damages as set forth in the conditions found in Addendum 1 to the Rental Agreement.
*Customer agrees that it will use its best efforts to protect the equipment from loss, theft or damage at all times during the rental period, and until the equipment is retrieved and in the Company’s possession.

×



































William B. Plummer - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William B. Plummer
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at United Rentals, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William B. Plummer? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William B. Plummer's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William B. Plummer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William B. Plummer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William B. Plummer through your network of contacts.
												








William B. Plummer's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
United Rentals, Inc.


Board Member, 
Global Payments Inc.


Board Member, 
John Wiley & Sons


Past
To view William B. Plummer's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


William B. Plummer's Biography



Mr. Plummer joined the Company as our executive vice president and chief financial officer in December 2008. Before joining the Company, Mr. Plummer served as chief financial officer of Dow Jones & Company, Inc., where he set policy for global finance and corporate strategy, from September 2006 to December 2007. Prior to Dow Jones & Company, Mr. Plummer was vice president and treasurer of Alcoa Inc., where he was responsible for global treasury policy and relationship management with commercial and investment banks, since 2000. He also held similar executive positions at Mead Corporation and GE Capital, the financial services subsidiary of Ge ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Plummer joined the Company as our executive vice president and chief financial officer in December 2008. Before joining the Company, Mr. Plummer served as chief financial officer of Dow Jones & Company, Inc., where he set policy for global finance and corporate strategy, from September 2006 to December 2007. Prior to Dow Jones & Company, Mr. Plummer was vice president and treasurer of Alcoa Inc., where he was responsible for global treasury policy and relationship management with commercial and investment banks, since 2000. He also held similar executive positions at Mead Corporation and GE Capital, the financial services subsidiary of General Electric. Mr. Plummer is also a director of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. Mr. Plummer holds degrees in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a master of business administration degree from Stanford University's Graduate School of Business.
		
Source: United Rentals, Inc. on 03/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William B. Plummer's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William B. Plummer. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William B. Plummer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William B. Plummer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William B. Plummer through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William B. Plummer


















William B. Plummer's Connections (147)





Sign up now to view William B. Plummer's 147 connections »









Cameron M. Bready
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Global Payments Inc.









Alan M. Silberstein
Board Member, Global Payments Inc.









William I. Jacobs
Chairman, Global Payments Inc.









David E. Mangum
President and Chief Operating Officer, Global Payments Inc.









James H. Ozanne
Board Member, EnSync, Inc.









Lewis B. Campbell
Former Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Navistar International Corporation









John A. Kritzmacher
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Technology and Operations, John Wiley & Sons









John M. Engler
Board Member, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









John F. Brock
Board Member, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.









Jean-Lou A. Chameau
Former Board Member, MTS Systems Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















William B Plummer - Greenwich, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William B Plummer in Greenwich, CT


William B Plummer

                                                                           Intelius found that William B Plummer  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Greenwich, CT.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

William Bryan Plummer


Get Report Now

Age

William B Plummer is in his 50s

William Has Lived In

Greenwich, CT
New York, NY
San Francisco, CA

William's Relatives

Louie Plummer
Margestdgen Plummer
Peggy Plummer
Dianne Plummer







William B Plummer



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at United Rentals , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William B Plummer
Get a Criminal Check on William B Plummer
Get a Public Record Report on William B Plummer
Get a People Search Report on William B Plummer


William B Plummer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William B Plummer has lived as well as William B Plummer's phone numbers and email addresses.




William B Plummer Has Lived in 5 States
Connecticut Address for William B Plummer


5 G******** O***** P*** 

Greenwich, CT


Has Lived In

Greenwich, CT
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William B Plummer

(203) ***-**** - Greenwich, CT 
(631) ***-**** - Sag Harbor, NY 
(203) ***-**** - Stamford, CT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William B Plummer

w******r@***.com
w******r@***.net
w*******r@***.com


Get Email Report




William B Plummer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about William B Plummer's academic history.  Find out which schools William B Plummer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees William B Plummer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William B Plummer Has Attended 6 Schools
Stanford University Graduate School of Business 1984 – 1986               William B Plummer has a MBA in Business Administration and Management, General               
Stanford University Graduate School of Business               1984 – 1986               William B Plummer has a MBA, Business Administration and Management, General in Business Administration and Management               
Massachusetts Institute of Technology               1980 – 1982               William B Plummer has a Master of Science (ms) in Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering               
Massachusetts Institute of Technology               1980 – 1982               William B Plummer has a Master of Science (ms), Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering in Aerospace               
Massachusetts Institute of Technology               1976 – 1980               William B Plummer has a Bs in Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering               
Massachusetts Institute of Technology               1976 – 1980               William B Plummer has a Bs, Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering in Aerospace               


William B Plummer's Professional Information
Information regarding William B Plummer's professional history.  Find out previous places William B Plummer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William B Plummer Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: United Rentals , Inc.
               Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Company: United Rentals , Inc.
               Title: Program Manager - Optical Materials Program
William B Plummer's Experience
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
               Company: United Rentals , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Program Manager - Optical Materials Program
               Company: United Rentals , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on William B Plummer

 See William B Plummer's LinkedIn Profile



William B Plummer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William B Plummer


William B Plummer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William B Plummer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Plummer
Username Matches

                  WilliamPlummer
                  PlummerWilliam
                  William.Plummer
                  Plummer.William
                  William_Plummer
                  Plummer_William
                  William-Plummer
                  Plummer-William
                  WPlummer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Plummer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Huawei Partner Summit 2017 |   William Plummer Bio
























































































 





William Plummer Bio


















William B. Plummer
Huawei Speaker

 



Biography

 


Vice President, External Affairs at Huawei Technologies
3 years at Huawei




Bill’s responsibilities include leading Huawei’s interaction with the Federal government, nationalmedia and other third party stakeholders. Prior to joining Huawei, Bill spent 12 years in senior management positions with Nokia. His last position with Nokia in 2009 was as Vice President, Sales and Go to Market, Americas where he led portfolio management and integration of Nokia devices and services. Prior to that, Bill served as Vice President, Nokia North America Multimedia Business Group, spearheading several market-making initiatives and building brand and sales for Nokia Nseries products and related services. Earlier in his Nokia career, Bill served as Vice President, External Affairs, overseeing aggregate external affairs functions, Corporate Communications and Government Relations for Nokia North America, as well as VicePresident, Corporate Strategy, Nokia Americas.
Prior to joining Nokia, Bill served from 1990 through 1997 as a United States Foreign Service Officer, with positions in the Office of the Under Secretary for Business Affairs, the Office of Multilateral Trade, and the U.S. diplomatic mission to the Republic of Ecuador. Before joining the State Department, Bill worked as a financial services executive.
Bill’s past and present board or Principal corporate representative memberships include the Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA), the Electronic Industries Alliance (EIA), the Finnish- American Chamber of Commerce, the Software and Information Industry Association (SIIA), the European American Business Council, and the State Department’s Advisory Committee on International Communications and Information Policy. Bill is a graduate of the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Washington, D.C.

 










William (Bill) B. Plummer

 



Biography

 


Vice President, External Affairs at Huawei Technologies
3 years at Huawei




Bill’s responsibilities include leading Huawei’s interaction with the Federal government, nationalmedia and other third party stakeholders. Prior to joining Huawei, Bill spent 12 years in senior management positions with Nokia. His last position with Nokia in 2009 was as Vice President, Sales and Go to Market, Americas where he led portfolio management and integration of Nokia devices and services. Prior to that, Bill served as Vice President, Nokia North America Multimedia Business Group, spearheading several market-making initiatives and building brand and sales for Nokia Nseries products and related services. Earlier in his Nokia career, Bill served as Vice President, External Affairs, overseeing aggregate external affairs functions, Corporate Communications and Government Relations for Nokia North America, as well as VicePresident, Corporate Strategy, Nokia Americas.
Prior to joining Nokia, Bill served from 1990 through 1997 as a United States Foreign Service Officer, with positions in the Office of the Under Secretary for Business Affairs, the Office of Multilateral Trade, and the U.S. diplomatic mission to the Republic of Ecuador. Before joining the State Department, Bill worked as a financial services executive.
Bill’s past and present board or Principal corporate representative memberships include the Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA), the Electronic Industries Alliance (EIA), the Finnish- American Chamber of Commerce, the Software and Information Industry Association (SIIA), the European American Business Council, and the State Department’s Advisory Committee on International Communications and Information Policy. Bill is a graduate of the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Washington, D.C.

 


All sessions by this speaker:

 


Thursday, 2 March

 


Day 1 Morning Session




8:30 a.m. to 9:55 a.m.
Huawei Management Team Strategy


Channel Strategies: Leading the Future Together:
Sufian Dwiek, Senior Channel Director, Huawei Enterprise USA 

 






























   William Plummer | Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd | ZoomInfo.com


William b plummer Colorado springs, CO







William b plummer, Colorado springs, CO








The garage door is one of the most important visual features of a home, representing up to a third or even more of the front. The right choice of door and opener will enhance the appearance and add value to a home. For service and price on top brand garage doors, William b plummer pride themselves on being the market leader. Each job must be done with knowledge and care so you will always return to us when you are in need of our service. William b plummeronly employ the best-qualified technicians obtainable. We strive to have the type of person who checks every finished product with pride. William b plummer realize you have many choices for your garage door service. There is an old saying You are only as good as your last job and we take pride in our service. For free estimates on garage doors and gates service, Call Us now at (719) 632-7588. We are located at 1923 W Uintah St, Colorado springs, CO 80904











  William b plummer  1923 W Uintah St  Colorado springs, CO 80904


  Phone (719) 632-7588

  Contact William b plummer now

  Your Name  Email 

  








Remote ControlsRepaired HardwareGarage DoorsGarage Door SupplierGarage Door OpenersGarage Doors RepairHighest Quality Garage Door PartsGarage Door ReplacementTrained, Certified and Uniformed TechniciansSpring Replacements



































GARAGE DOOR SUPPLIER    
FREE ADD/EDIT    
ABOUT US    
CONTACT US    
PRIVACY    
SITE MAP



Copyright © 1999-2011,  GarageDoorSupplier.com. All Rights Reserved.



































(PZ) William B. Plummer to Join Dow Jones as EVP and CFO - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/news/article/PZ-William-B-Plummer-to-Join-Dow-Jones-as-EVP-1848508.php



(PZ) William B. Plummer to Join Dow Jones as EVP and CFO
Accomplished Executive With Multi-Industry Experience in Strategy, Finance, Deal-Making and Operations to Join Dow Jones Executive Team


© 2006 PRIMEZONE


        Published 6:10 pm, Monday, August 28, 2006
    



































































NEW YORK, Aug. 28, 2006 (PRIMEZONE) -- Dow Jones & Company (NYSE:DJ) today announced that William B. Plummer is joining Dow Jones as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Reporting to Chief Executive Officer Rich Zannino, Mr. Plummer will lead all finance functions as well as investor relations, real estate, facilities and purchasing. He also will oversee strategic planning, where he will play a key role in developing and executing existing and new strategic plans and initiatives to help Dow Jones succeed in this rapidly evolving digital-publishing age.






Latest Houston News Video
 
(Story continues below ...)


Mr. Plummer, 47, will join Dow Jones Sept. 5. Currently, he is vice president and treasurer at Alcoa where he is responsible for global treasury, risk management, foreign-exchange and interest-rate management, insurance, real estate and corporate-benefit plan investment policy and execution at this $26 billion aluminum producer. He serves on the board of directors of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. where he chairs the audit committee and is a member of the executive committee.
"I'm delighted that Bill Plummer is joining our team," Mr. Zannino said. "He is an accomplished executive with deep experience in finance, treasury, strategy, operations, deal-making and execution across a variety of industries, including media. Bill will be instrumental in helping us achieve our vision which is to be the world's best provider of high quality, indispensable and conveniently accessible business and related content across all media channels, consistently generating superior value for all our customers, shareholders and employees. Bill's proven leadership, broad perspective, business expertise and hands-on approach will be invaluable as we chart our course in this time of rapid and exciting transformation at our company and in our industry."
Mr. Plummer said, "I'm honored to have this opportunity to join a company with such outstanding brands, products and people. I'm eager to get started helping to realize the vast potential of those brands and to build value for the customers, shareholders and employees of Dow Jones."
Before joining Alcoa in 2000, Mr. Plummer spent three years at Mead Corp., including as president of one of its operating units and as vice president for corporate strategy and planning. Prior to joining Mead in1997, he spent seven years at General Electric in executive financial management roles spanning mergers and acquisitions, treasury, and financial planning and analysis for a group of businesses that included NBC. Mr. Plummer has an MBA from Stanford and bachelor's and master's degrees in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Mr. Plummer will succeed Chris Vieth, who has been Dow Jones' vice president and CFO since July 2002. Mr. Vieth is leaving the company to pursue other career opportunities.
"Chris strengthened all areas of our finance department and was a key player in many of our initiatives over the past six years. We're a stronger company for his efforts and are grateful to him for his many contributions and wish him all the best," Mr. Zannino concluded.
About Dow Jones & Company
Dow Jones & Company (NYSE:DJ) (dowjones.com) publishes The Wall Street Journal and its international and online editions, Barron's and the Far Eastern Economic Review, Dow Jones Newswires, Dow Jones Indexes, MarketWatch and the Ottaway group of community newspapers. Dow Jones is co-owner with Reuters Group of Factiva and with Hearst of SmartMoney. Dow Jones also provides news content to CNBC and radio stations in the U.S.
The Dow Jones & Company logo is available at http://www.primezone.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=2636

CONTACT:  Dow Jones & Co.
          Media and Investor Contact:
          Mark Donohue
          (609) 520-5660
          mark.donohue@dowjones.com

 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Houston dog show features hilariously-painted poodles
Unruly passenger on flight forces landing in Houston
Teen arrested for allegedly burying an infant alive
J.J. Watt's health, contract concerns highlighted

 
















Trending
 



Woman gets candid of what endometriosis really is like
Astros' player suffers facial fracture, surgery possible
Luxurious TX vacation rentals you can actually afford
More than 90 hospitalized during rapper's show
Texas celeb robbed after Instagram vacation posts
These home builders are dominating Houston
Drake parties at his pop-up Houston strip club
Houston man must pay child support for kid that's not his
Texas Float Fest 2017 off to a hot start

 








Rapper proves his love for Houston with wet party
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Bill would stop Trump's ability to self-pardon
TSU law knocked for gender discrimination
Man indicted for attacking grieving mother
Shooting in front of Katy Cheddar's wounds 2








The weirdest town names across Texas
Yes, Texas is really big as people say
Cool things you didn't know about Big Bend








23 most stunning Texas maternity photos
Pro wrestler, new mom Brooke Adams on TLC's 'Rattled'
Photos: Celebrity mother-daughter look-alikes








These Houston schools have the worst SAT scores
Which colleges have the best bang-for-the-buck?
Texas ranks among best states to make a living in 2017



 

 

 




 



























Most Read






1

Ohio prosecutor: Infant whose remains found was born alive



2

Drake’s Houston Appreciation Weekend pool party was city’s...



3

Houston man must pay child support for kid that's not his



4

All-inclusive, 5-star resorts in Mexico accused of drugging...



5

San Antonio death toll in 'horrific' human trafficking reaches 9



6

Astros' Colin Moran suffers facial fracture, surgery possible



7

27-year-old going through menopause shares candid photo of...



8

Unruly passenger on United flight forces landing in Houston



9

J.J. Watt's health, contract concerns highlight 10 Texans...



10

Pastor at The Woodlands First Baptist Church arrested and...












Get News Sent to You
 


Choose from our most popular newsletters below. Or, visit www.chron.com/newsletters to see more options.









Breaking News





Morning News Update





Bayou City Buzz (evening)





Preview: Weekly Houston Entertainment Guide

E-mail: 





 















Happening Now
 



Houston dog show features hilariously-painted poodles
Unruly passenger on flight forces landing in Houston
Teen arrested for allegedly burying an infant alive
J.J. Watt's health, contract concerns highlighted

 

 




 










 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 


















William B Plummer | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. William B Plummer will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesWilliam W PlummerW Brannon PlummerWilliam Jonathan PlummerWilliam Bryan PlummerBill Plummer

Connect With Us











19 Matching Results!




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 58

William Bryan Plummer
New York, NYStamford, CTSan Francisco, CADayton, OHBessemer, ALSag Harbor, NYGreenwich, CT
Louie PlummerMargestdgen PlummerPeggy PlummerDianne Plummer


 


View Details


William Brannon PlummerAge 40

W Brannon Plummer
Savannah, GAAlton, ILEdwardsville, ILSaint Louis, MOGodfrey, IL
Roger PlummerAmy PlummerDiane Plummer


 


View Details


William Bruce PlummerAge 78

Bil Bruce Plummer
Pleasanton, CALa Fayette, CA
Jil Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 68

William D Plummer
Lexington, KYAshland, KYGreenup, KYSouth Portsmouth, KYNicholasville, KYSouth Shore, KY
Christopher PlummerSandra PlummerTimothy PlummerChirstopher Plummer


 


View Details


William Bierley PlummerAge 47


Morehead, KYSouth Portsmouth, KYGreenup, KYLexington, KYNicholasville, KY
Christopher PlummerSandra PlummerChirstopher PlummerTimothy Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 53

William L Plummer
Potomac, MDGaithersburg, MD
Morgan PlummerPeyton PlummerCullen PlummerRyan PlummerBrogan Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 73

William W PlummerWilliam A PlummerBill B Plummer
Laramie, WYAntonito, COAlbuquerque, NM
Megan PlummerEric PlummerKenneth PlummerFran Plummer


 


View Details


William Brian PlummerAge 43


Lake Park, GAValdosta, GATexarkana, TX
Mary PlummerBobby PlummerBrian PlummerChris PlummerNezzie Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 61

William Jonathan PlummerWm J Plummer
De Soto, KSShawnee Mission, KS
Patricia PlummerCody PlummerAshley Biddlecome


 


View Details


William Bryan PlummerAge 87


Rochester, MN
Johnie Plummer


 


View Details


William Howell PlummerAge 85

William N PlummerWilliam S PlummerBill Plummer
Saint Paul, MNMantorville, MNLong Lake, MNTucson, AZ
Camilla PlummerChristopher PlummerSona PlummerElizabeth Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 73

William E PlummerBill Plummer
Colorado Springs, CO
Carol PlummerAlan PlummerAndrew Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 94

William Odell PlummerWilliam D Plummer
Maylene, ALBessemer, ALClanton, AL
Louie PlummerPeggy Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 42


Whittier, CA
Lauretta PlummerKristopher PlummerChris PlummerWillaam PlummerJustin Plummer


 


View Details


William B Plummer


Chesapeake, VA
Vernon PlummerAlice Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 66

William Gaylord Plummer
Prattville, AL
Patricia Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 77

William F PlummerBill F Plummer
Columbus, OH
Helen Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 82

William R PlummerBill Plummer
Vallejo, CA
Marlene Plummer


 


View Details


William B PlummerAge 82

William G PlummerBill B Plummer
Paris, TX
Mark PlummerFlo PlummerIsla Plummer




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact





































best live chat

 









<< Back to Search






William B. Plummer

			Loading your recognition...
		


									Other recognitions for
									William B. Plummer:									
								

America's Most Honored Professionals 2015 - Top 10%The 2015 All-America Executive Team:  Best CFOs2013 Best CFOs100 Most Powerful Executives In Corporate America 

 

 










 

