





PNC Remittance Advantage


















PNC Remittance Advantage  HEALTHCARE PAYMENT AND REMITTANCE NETWORK
										
																								
								








Portal not configured for mobile devices with small screens.









								Login to 
								
																												
									
										Remittance Advantage
									
																
								
								





LOGIN ID







PASSWORD









LOGIN ID







PASSWORD







Forgot Password?








Register Now to Receive Payments and Remittances Electronically


PNC Remittance Advantage offers you, at no additional cost, the ability to receive electronic funds transfer payments (EFT) and electronic remittance advices (ERA) for your claims from participating healthcare payers.  
													LEARN MORE!

Register Now!
Need Access? See the
												Access Relationship Security FAQ













PARTICIPATING PAYERS





















































 




















PNC - Healthcare
































Toggle nav






Personal

Personal Home
Banking



Checking
Savings
Credit Cards
Debit & Prepaid Cards
Insurance
Online & Mobile Banking
Workplace Banking
Student Banking
Military Banking
University Banking


Virtual Wallet®
'S' is for Savings®
Always Open
Digital Payments
Make the Most of Your Money
Security & Privacy
Español
Po polsku





Borrowing



Mortgages
Refinancing
Home Equity Loans & Lines of Credit
Auto Loans
Education Lending
Personal Loans & Lines of Credit
Credit Cards


PNC HomeHQ℠
Understanding Home Lending Center
Home Insight®
Financial Basics of Home Lending
Home Buyer's Basics
The Mortgage Process
Student & Graduate Center
Security & Privacy





Investments & Retirement




Brokerage Accounts
Managed Accounts
Education Accounts
Stocks, Bonds & Funds
Insurance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Retirement 401(k) & 403(B)
Small Business Retirement Options


Why PNC?
Retirement Planning Center
Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule
How Much Life Insurance Do You Need?
Help Protect Your Retirement Assets
Saving for College
Nearing Retirement
Getting Retirement Right
FINRA BrokerCheck





Wealth Management




The Client Experience
Wealth Strategy
Investment Management
Trust and Estate Services
Private Banking Services
Investment Corner
PNC Wealth Insight®
Hawthorn, PNC Family Wealth


Normal Abnormalities in the Markets
The (not so) New World of Smart Beta
Election Days are Here Again 
In Search of an Elusive Yield
A REIT of One’s Own
After Brexit, New Breginnings?
Get Smart with Smart Beta
Back Where We Started Again
Oil Prices: Going Down, Down, Down?
Election Year 2016 – Here We Go Again







Small Business

Small Business Home
Banking



Business Checking
Online Services for Business
Credit Cards
Savings & Liquidity Management


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Cash Flow Insight℠
Cash Flow Challenges
5 Easy Steps to Switch to PNC
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Business Insights eNews
Webinars & Podcasts
Always Open for Business
Security & Privacy
Video Insights from Business Experts





Payments & Processing



Treasury Management
Merchant Services
Payroll Processing
Payment Cards
Remote Deposit
PINACLE® Express


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Cash Flow Insight℠
Cash Flow Challenges
Employee Benefits
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Always Open for Business
Security & Privacy





Borrowing



Credit Cards
Lines of Credit
Term Loans
SBA Loans


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Cash Flow Challenges
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Always Open for Business
Security & Privacy





Industry Solutions



Healthcare Professionals
Retail Businesses
Manufacturers
Wholesalers
Agriculture
Professional Services
Accountants
Attorneys


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Business Insights eNews
Cash Flow Challenges
Webinars & Podcasts
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Employee Benefits
Always Open for Business
Video Insights from Business Experts







 Corporate & Institutional

Corporate & Institutional Home
Financing



Corporate & Institutional Lending
Debt Capital Markets
Capital Markets 
Mezzanine & Equity Finance
Dealer Finance


PNC Ideas
Financing Overview
Specialty Segments





Treasury Management




Payables
Receivables
Deposit & Account Services
Liquidity & Investments
Online & Mobile Banking
Fraud Prevention Tools


PNC Ideas
Treasury Management Mobile
Treasury Management Overview
NACHA Rule Changes
Specialty Segments





Capital Markets




Asset Backed Securities
Fixed Income Securities
Foreign Exchange
Loan Syndications
Mergers & Acquisitions
Public Finance
Public Market Securities
Private Placements
Risk Management


PNC Ideas 
Capital Markets Overview
Specialty Segments
FINRA BrokerCheck





International Services




Overview
International Cash Management
Foreign Exchange
Trade Services
Trade Finance
Canada
China
Europe


Online International Services
PNC Ideas
Specialty Segments





Institutional Asset Management




Institutional Advisory Solutions
Liability Driven Investing
Planned Giving Solutions


Vested Interest
Institutional Insights 
I-Link Demonstrations







About Us

About Us Home
Company Profile



Corporate Overview
Corporate Values
Leadership Team


Realty Services
Point of View
Green Building
Legacy Project
Business Continuity





Media



Media Room
Economic Reports
Meet Our Experts


Point of View
Facts About PNC
Green Building
Christmas Price Index®
Father/Son Challenge





Corporate Responsibility



Corporate Social Responsibility
Philanthropy at PNC
Diversity & Inclusion
Supplier Diversity
Green Building


PNC Foundation
PNC Grow Up Great®
Arts Alive
Charitable Sponsorships
Charitable Trusts
Community Development Banking
Legacy Project
Father/Son Challenge





Investor Relations



Investor Relations
Investor Events
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Financial Press Releases
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Shareholder Services
Analyst Coverage
Acquired Company Information
Investor Kit


Economic Reports
Corporate Responsibility





Careers



Careers at PNC
Our Culture
Awards & Recognition
Benefits
Find Your Place
Students & Graduates
Our Hiring Process
Recruiting Events


Diversity & Inclusion
Green Building
Point of View
Corporate Profile







Customer Service
Find a PNC ATM/Branch

Security & Privacy







Search





SEARCH


        	This is hidden
        





DO NOT check this box if you are using a public computer. User IDs potentially containing sensitive information will not be saved.

Login



Sign on to Online Banking







Save User ID
Forgot User ID or Password?




        
        
          ENROLL IN ONLINE BANKING:
Personal  |  Small Business


Sign on to PINACLE®




Sign on to another service:

SELECT SERVICE

Corporate Actions Online
I-Hub
I-Link
Mortgage Application Status Tracker
Mortgage Online
PNC Benefit Plus HSA
Retirement Directions
Speedpay
Travel Rewards Redemption Center


Account View
Advanced Reporting Tool
Corporate Actions Online
I-Hub
I-Link
Merchant ClientLine® Reporting
PINACLE Express
Tax Express
Travel Rewards Redemption Center


Appraisal Engagement
Borrower Insight Midland Loan Services
Borrower Insight Multifamily
BusinessCredit Quickview
Cash Concentration
Corporate Actions Online
Derivatives
I-Hub
I-Link
Inspection Engagement
LIHTC Investor Reporting
PNC BeneFit Plus for Employers
Retail Lockbox
SteelCity Quickview





Get our Mobile Banking Apps »

Personal and Small Business:
Sign on to Mobile Banking »

Personal and Small Business:
Sign on to Online Banking »

Corporate and Institutional:
Sign on to PINACLE® »

















PNC Healthcare

Powered by Efficiency

 





Subscribe
Receive future issues of PNC Healthcare Matters Newsletter via email



Subscribe Now












Our Work

Watch Video


























Why PNC Healthcare?





Millions of patients. Hundreds of insurance plans. Rising healthcare costs. Inefficient claims remittance processes.
At PNC, we have taken a unique approach to helping healthcare providers and payers minimize administrative costs and maximize cash flow. 
By combining leading clearinghouse capabilities with premier treasury management services, and over 25 years experience working with healthcare payers and providers, PNC provides a full array of integrated solutions to improve the healthcare revenue cycle. We call it the PNC Healthcare Advantage. 
People, Process & Technology
PNC's healthcare experts understand patient billing, finance and technology - after all, we have worked with more than 1,900 healthcare organizations across the country, including payers (2,000 plus connections), providers, pharmacies, Medicare fiscal intermediaries and government agencies. We also provide implementation specialists and an online portal to help automate the revenue cycle and facilitate payer/provider relationships.


Are you a Private Practice?
PNC also offers extensive cash flow options and targeted banking tools and resources to help effectively manage your revenue cycle. To learn more about private practice solutions, visit pnc.com/hcprofessionals.




Want to learn more about PNC Healthcare? 
Get to Know PNC Healthcare



PNC Continues to Achieve
EHNAC Financial Services Accreditation














Videos



Revenue Cycle Automation
You, as a Provider, are facing increasing financial challenges, and protecting revenue is critical. Revenue Cycle Automation solutions help to automate the work flow and the management of your revenue cycle workload. Using Revenue Cycle Automation, you can improve both front-end patient access management activities and back-end denial management processes by applying real-time business rules to the data.


 

 
Access Guardian

Access Guardian can help you reduce denied claims and the associated rework.

Patient Estimator

Patient Estimator allows your staff to give patients written estimates of their expected out-of-pocket responsibility.

Denial Challenger

Denial Challenger provides a rules-based workflow platform that helps you automate follow-up on active receivables and claim denials.


 

For Ideas, Insight and Solutions from PNC Healthcare, please visit the Video Library.


Go to Video Library Page 









Solutions for Healthcare Providers




Overview


PNC Healthcare offers a fully-integrated suite of revenue cycle tools, solutions and advisory services for healthcare providers.

We offer transaction processing, denial/payment variance reporting, and business intelligence analytics which deliver benefits across the revenue cycle and support provider’s administration simplification and cost reduction goals.
As a healthcare provider, you need to make the administrative process as easy as possible for patients and more efficient overall. PNC Healthcare is reinventing the way providers manage and collect revenue across the entire revenue cycle to help improve administrative and financial performance.
Collaborating with our clients, we provide customized solutions to:

Accelerate collections and cash application
Reduce days in receivables
Rapidly identify denied or underpaid claims
Support the need for information at all stages of the revenue cycle





PNC Healthcare Solutions for Providers


You can choose from a spectrum of PNC products to create a  solution tailored to meet the needs of your organization, including:

Claims submission services with scrubbing capability
Claims Submission Services (837) Product Sheet
Electronic remittance receipt, image lockbox and conversion of paper EOBs to electronic remittances
Remittance Advantage Provider Portal Product Sheet 
Electronic Remittance Services - Direct 835s Product Sheet
IOCR Advantage Product Sheet
Reassociation services to automatically match 835 remittance information with its ACH and/or check payment information
Reassociation Service Product Sheet



Specialized patient payment services for patients to pay for services and automatically update your billing system through a patient lockbox
Patient Pay Lockbox Product Sheet
Denial Prevention, Patient Estimation & Denial Management
Access Guardian Product Sheet
Patient Estimator Product Sheet
Denial Challenger Product Sheet







PNC Payer List 

As an EHNAC accredited electronic healthcare financial institution, PNC offers connections to thousands of payers to provide a comprehensive suite of healthcare services.
The services offered include Claim Submission (837), Claim Status (276/277), Electronic Remittance Advice (835), and Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT). PNC continually adds new payer connections to our existing network as healthcare providers move towards 100% electronic transactions. Below is a link to our payer connections for Claim Submission (837), Electronic Remittance Advice (835) and EFT.
If you would like a list of payers for Eligibility (270/271) and Claim Status (276/277), or cannot locate a particular payer in the Healthcare Transactions Payer List accessible below, please contact PNC Healthcare Product Management at healthcarepm@pnc.com.
View Healthcare Transaction Payer List »




ICD-10 

PNC can help you to mitigate the challenges that are posed by ICD-10 by offering you:

Healthcare focus and expertise
Flexible financing options
Relationship-based banking team with local regional president support
Longstanding track record of healthcare technology innovation
Revenue Cycle Management Advisory Services combined with top-rated treasury management platform

ICD-10 Product Sheet






Solutions for Health Insurance Payers 




Overview


Healthcare payers seek solutions that will efficiently convert expensive paper-based payment and remittance information to electronic delivery.

By taking advantage of PNC’s healthcare payment network, payers can streamline the provider enrollment process, reducing the reliance on paper-based delivery.  PNC offers automated solutions for disbursing both paper and electronic payments, allowing payers to convert to less costly electronic payments, while integrating with provider reconciliation systems.


Web services that benefit payers and providers
Claim disbursement and reconciliation services
Dedicated implementation resources to streamline the onboarding process


Healthcare payers need a way to efficiently disburse paper and electronic payments and remittance information. They also need to work with many different providers across the country. PNC can help payers connect directly to over 600+ providers, reducing connectivity and customer service-related costs.
PNC offers payers a uniquely packaged disbursement solution that delivers remittance information (835/ERA or paper EOB) and payments (ACH, Wire or Paper Check) to their provider network via a single 835/ERA transmission and provider portal.
Remittance Advantage Product Sheet




Solutions for Health Insurance Payers


We'll improve the effectiveness of disbursement and Explanation of Benefit (EOB) delivery and incorporate advanced risk management controls, proactive data interpretation and decision support tools.

Products

Remittance Advantage (835)
Electronic Data Interchange
Image Lockbox

Services

Clearinghouse services
Claim payment disbursement
Image lockbox
Forms management

Remittance Advantage Product Sheet





For More Information





Contact Us















All fields required.


















State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




























ELOQUA CIB









PNC Healthcare Matters Newsletter




Spring 2017

A new way to evaluate liability portfolio risk  
When it comes to managing liability portfolios in the healthcare industry, standard practice consists of evaluating finance alternatives based upon a comparison of cost of capital followed by an assessment of the risk of each product alternative. Developed by PNC’s Capital Markets group, a new process starts with assessing risk in your healthcare system’s existing liability portfolio. 
Seven trends that will drive the year in healthcare
Many healthcare systems have experienced weakness in financial performance that requires them to examine their current strategies, the adequacy of their information systems and the revenue and cost assumptions under which they were operating. This article shows how successful organizations are addressing these issues.
Benchmarking cash posting automation  
PNC’s 2016 survey of Healthcare Client Advisory Board members tracks trends in cash posting and associated cost reduction potential. Survey results can help you benchmark your own processes and point the way toward improvement.
Mitigating pension risks in a volatile environment  
Pension plan sponsors are faced with a volatile political landscape that presents significant opportunities and risks. The uncertainty facing the Affordable Care Act is just one of the issues that sponsors will face in 2017 and beyond. Do you have a legacy defined benefit plan, or are you looking at a potential merger where your liability needs to be considered?




Spring 2016

Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Teams With PNC to Reduce Administrative Costs
In an industry where only 56% of aggregate claims are paid electronically[1], the Veterans Health Administration’s eBusiness Solutions team receives more than 85% of its claim payments via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT). Like the veterans it serves, VHA has achieved its goals through a disciplined approach to its mission.
Beginning in 2003, with PNC’s help, the eBusiness Solutions team began a focused outreach campaign to maximize enrollment of insurance payers for electronic claim payments and remittances (835s).
PNC Epic Case Histories Demonstrate Measurable Improvements
More than 60 Epic clients, representing 20 health systems, presented case studies on Epic integration, shared information and networked with peers in the healthcare industry. During the forum, Penn Medicine presented a detailed case study showing how they automated cash reconciliation by implementing the Epic Cash Management module using custom lockbox files from PNC.





Fall 2015

The Miracle of a Proactive Strategy 
Denials prevention/management and patient payment estimation/collection are two areas where hospitals have historically taken a reactive approach and continue to fall short from the standpoint of performance.  Although providers can correct and resubmit claims, submit appeals to payers, and bill patients 30 to 60 days after their healthcare service has been rendered, these approaches are time consuming and costly.  Hopefully, your organization’s approach to these critical functions doesn’t require a “miracle” to get it under control.
The Road Ahead in U.S. Healthcare - Will Patients Take the Wheel?
With the passage of the Affordable Care Act and other recent trends in the U.S. healthcare system, we are experiencing a paradigm shift toward patient-centered care. PNC Healthcare commissioned Shapiro+Raj to explore this shift and what it means for the future of healthcare. This white paper summarizes the results of their study.
The Frugal Healthcare Provider - Saves and Earns with PNC's P-Card Program
Shannon Medical Center in San Angelo, Texas, has served the Concho Valley for more than 80 years. Today it is licensed for 400 beds and is the designated lead level 3 trauma center for the region. The locally-owned health system has a nationally-recognized intensive care unit and critical care for fragile newborns is also among its many services. In order to continue to grow and deliver the state-of-the-art services its diverse community requires, the hospital has maintained the frugal nature of its founders, J.M. and Margaret Shannon. Shannon’s Board of Directors keeps a laser focus on the bottom line.

Healthcare Advisory Board Update 
With the passage of the Affordable Care Act and other recent trends in the U.S. healthcare system, we are experiencing a paradigm shift toward patient-centered care.





Spring 2015

Healthcare Virtual Card Payments — Just the Facts 
Healthcare regulations continue to focus on ways to reduce cost and increase efficiency for both Providers and Health Plans, including a renewed emphasis on electronic payments. Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) payments sent via the ACH Network are now considered a HIPAA transaction; therefore, Health Plans are required to provide EFT payments if requested by a Provider.
Are You Ready for Chip Cards?
In October 2015, a new technical standard for credit cards will be introduced. The standard is also known as Europay, MasterCard® and Visa® or EMV, after the developers of the technology. It is designed to ensure that microchip-embedded payment cards (chip cards) are compatible with the terminals of merchants who accept them.
PCI DSS: The Security Your Customers Are Looking For 
Cybercriminals are just like any other criminal — they prey on the weak and vulnerable. And they are discovering that many small merchants have not implemented even the most basic security measures.
Get to Know Greg Jelinek
In October, 2014, PNC Healthcare welcomed Greg Jelinek as our new executive vice president.





Fall 2014

PNC Healthcare Answers your Questions about Health Savings Accounts
Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) are not entirely new, but are receiving greater scrutiny today in relation to high-deductible health insurance plans and the Affordable Care Act.
Foundations and Investments: An Overview of the 2013 NACUBO-Commonfund Study of Endowments
On the surface, it seems as if the endowment and foundation world is a poster child for successful investment management. Generally speaking, returns from endowments have been strong over the past decade despite historically low interest rates and recently slow economic growth. However, a deeper dive into the data reveals several challenges within some parts of foundations and endowments.
Questions to Ask When Selecting a Money Manager
Investment performance data on money managers is readily available, but it takes time and expertise to critically evaluate and identify those investment managers who most effectively satisfy your specific financial objectives.
Financing Options for the New Healthcare Environment
In this environment, changes to existing payment models and delivery systems will put additional pressure on operating margins and cash reserves.  Consequently, healthcare providers will need to re-think access to capital from traditional and non-traditional sources.




Spring 2014

Gambling with Healthcare Payments
The Office of Management and Budgets estimates the aggregate impact of the Medicare portion of the sequester to be $11.35 billion in Fiscal Year 2013. That's just one of the impacts.

Reconciling Patient Payments Across a Multi-Site Physician Practice
After revamping how it manages patient payments, Jefferson University Physicians, a multi-site Philadelphia physician practice is now identifying deposit discrepancies within 24 hours.


PNC Healthcare Client Advisory Board Updates:

Cash Posting Survey and Opinions on ICD-10
At the December meeting of the PNC Healthcare Client Advisory Board, some of the nation's largest healthcare providers discussed revenue cycle projects, reviewed PNC's product strategy for 2014, and shared detailed plans for mitigating the impact of ICD-10.

Worried About ICD-10?
Now that you have an extra year to prepare, here are some additional steps you might consider to improve ICD-10 readiness.


Latest National Economic Outlook:
PNC's economists publish a variety of reports that provide analysis and forecasts of national, regional and global economic and financial trends.
Learn More »




Fall 2013

Cybercrime: Commonsense Precautions To Protect Your Organization
Dozens of botnets have helped thieves heist more than $100 million from the accounts of businesses around the world. Hackers stole more than $1 million from the payroll accounts of a Washington State hospital. Understanding the tools and methods these fraudsters use can help you protect yourself and your organization.
Are Reconciliation Issues Draining the Life from your A/R Staff?
Help from CAQH CORE Rule 370 is on the way.

CAQH CORE Rule 360 Clarifies CARCS
These regulations take an important step towards standardizing the content of the 835, making it easier for providers to automate business processes and reduce effort needed for follow-up and secondary billing.

PNC Launches 837 Claims Submission Services for Providers
Due to today's economic and regulatory pressures, healthcare providers need to identify every opportunity to achieve administrative cost savings. PNC has launched an HCA Claims Submission service to address these challenges.






Spring 2013


Major Payer Finds PNC's Remittance Advantage has "Something for Everyone"
A major healthcare payer in the Northeast sought a more efficient system for managing payment cycles, remittance advice and payment details that would be easy for even technologically unsophisticated providers to utilize. Particularly important was the ability to convert proprietary file formats to 835s and to create matching electronic payment.

PNC Healthcare Client Advisory Board Discusses 2013 Priorities, Surveys Automation Success Stories
PNC clients participate in a number of Advisory Boards, helping PNC to evaluate new product concepts and to improve service by defining quality measures that are meaningful to clients.


PNC Healthcare Ideas
The healthcare landscape is undergoing the largest transformation in its history, fueled by regulation, the need to reduce costs, and the demand for transparency. PNC Healthcare Ideas provides insight and solutions to help healthcare professionals drive efficiency, profitability and keep ahead of change. Look for a new idea every other month.
Browse our PNC Healthcare Ideas videos »













Related Resources







whitepaper
Will Patients Take the Wheel?
With the passage of the Affordable Care Act and other recent trends in the U.S. healthcare system, we are experiencing a paradigm shift toward patient-centered care.
 Read More » 






article
Driving Efficiency in Healthcare Payments
Electronic payments can support healthcare payment goals by reducing costs and improving accuracy (resulting in fewer disputes).
 Read More » 






THOUGHT LEADERSHIP
PNC Ideas, Insight & Solutions
PNC’s Corporate & Institutional Banking group provides insight into maximizing cash flow, raising capital, mitigating risk, growing internationally and managing assets along with the latest economic reports.
 Visit PNC Ideas  » 














Important Legal Disclosures & Information 




U.S. Healthcare Efficiency Index (2013, revised May 2014), p. 18.



PNC General Disclosure



PNC is a registered mark of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (“PNC”).



Banking and lending products and services, bank deposit products, and treasury management services, including, but not limited to, services for healthcare providers and payers, are provided by PNC Bank, National Association, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PNC and Member FDIC. 



CAQH CORE®, the CORE-certification/Endorser Seals and logo are registered trademarks of CAQH® Copyright 2016, Council For Affordable Quality Healthcare®. All rights reserved.
















GET IN TOUCH
Customer Service
@PNCBank_Help
 Feedback


Banking on the Go

We have tools to help you bank when and where you want.
Mobile Apps Directory »


Stay Connected


FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInPinterest
Social Media Directory »


Join Us

Be part of our inclusive culture that strives for excellence and rewards talent.
Visit PNC Careers »





Security & Privacy
Accessible Banking
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map



The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved.











			To get the most of this PNC experience,
			we recommend upgrading your browser.











 



PNC Capital Advisors




















































Home  |  Contact  |  PNC Funds















Management Team










Executive









Mark McGlone
President, Chief Investment Officer
mark.mcglone@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 36 yearsB.A., Johns Hopkins UniversityM.S., Loyola University, Maryland
                                  


Mark is president and chief investment officer of PNC Capital Advisors. He is responsible for PNC’s multi-strategy investment management organization that provides investment solutions across a wide array of investment vehicles, styles, and asset classes. Prior to being named to this position in May 2014, he served as managing director and chief risk officer. He also was chairman of the Risk Committee and a member of the firm- and enterprise-wide investment and operational committees. Mark joined PNC in 2007 through its acquisition of Mercantile Safe Deposit & Trust, where he began his career in 1981, and was appointed senior vice president and head of taxable fixed income for PNC Capital Advisors. In 2009, he became director of Taxable Fixed Income Risk Management, Trading, and Credit Analysis. Mark earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political economy from Johns Hopkins University and a Master of Science degree in finance from Loyola University-Maryland.




Risk Management









William D. Mennonna
Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer
william.mennonna@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 32 yearsB.A., Salve Regina UniversityB.S., Salve Regina UniversityM.S., New York University
                                  


Bill is the chief risk officer of PNC Capital Advisors, LLC. He oversees the firm-wide risk management efforts, including investment, business, operational, and regulatory risks. Prior to joining the firm in 2014, Bill spent six years as the director of risk management with Pioneer Investment Management USA, Inc. In that post, he headed the enterprise-wide risk management framework for PIM USA and its subsidiaries. He also held the position of director of internal audit for seven years at PIM USA. Bill’s extensive risk and audit experience in the financial industry stretches to 1985. He served previously as acting audit director and as audit manager with Investors Bank & Trust Company and as an auditor with New England Financial. Bill earned a Bachelor of Science degree in administration of justice and a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Salve Regina University, as well as a certificate of accounting from Northeastern University and a Master of Science degree in risk management from New York University. He is a certified internal auditor and a member of the Investment Company Institute Risk Management Committee.





Investment Management









Aneet Deshpande, CFA
Managing Director, Multi-Asset Strategies
aneet.deshpande@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 20 yearsB.S.B.A., University of Louisville
                                  


Aneet is a managing director and lead portfolio manager of the firm’s multi-asset class portfolios and mutual funds. He has more than 18 years of investment management and trading experience. Previously he served as the firm’s head of trading and as chairman of the Asset Allocation Committee. He rejoined the firm in 2016 from HPM Partners, LLC where he was a partner and a member of the investment management team. Prior to joining PNC Capital Advisors, he traded quantitative strategies for Chicago Equity Partners, a boutique quantitative asset management firm. Aneet holds a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from the University of Louisville and is a CFA charterholder. 











Adam Mackey
Managing Director, Municipal Fixed Income
adam.mackey@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 21 yearsB.S.B.A., Kutztown UniversityM.B.A., St. Joseph's University
                                  


Adam is head of Municipal Fixed Income and a senior portfolio manager. In his role as a managing director, he supervises credit and quantitative research, portfolio management and trading, and municipal client relations. Adam is responsible for establishing the municipal fixed income strategy for the firm, and, as a senior portfolio manager, he oversees trading and strategy implementation in the municipal bond mutual funds, institutional municipal portfolios, and separately managed municipal accounts. Prior to joining the firm in 2001, he was a fixed income trader at the Vanguard Group where he focused on municipal bonds and derivatives. Adam earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree from Kutztown University and an M.B.A. in finance from St. Joseph’s University. He is a member of various industry organizations, including the CFA Society of Philadelphia.










James E. Mineman
Managing Director, Co-Lead Portfolio Manager
james.mineman@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 23 yearsB.S.B.A., Southern Illinois UniversityM.A., St. Louis University
                                  


James, a managing director, is a co-lead portfolio manager of the Select Equity investment team that manages the Small Cap Equity and Small Cap Concentrated Equity strategies. He specializes in managing the team’s equity research process. Consistent with the generalist approach, he serves in the capacity of analyst and portfolio manager. James, who joined the firm along with the team in 2004, has been with the core team since its founding in 1994. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with a specialization in finance from Southern Illinois University and a Master of Finance degree from St. Louis University.










Hitesh C. Patel, Ph.D.
Managing Director, Structured Equity
hitesh.patel@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 23 yearsB.S.,  University of Gujarat M.S.,  Bombay University Ph.D., University of Illinois, Chicago
                                  


Hitesh, a managing director, leads the Structured Equity team. Prior to joining the firm in 2005, he served as director of quantitative research at Harris Investment Management. His quantitative research and portfolio management experience extends back to 1994. Hitesh earned a Bachelor of Science degree in pharmacy from University of Gujarat, a Master of Science degree in pharmaceutical chemistry from Bombay University and a Ph.D. in medicinal chemistry from the University of Illinois at Chicago.










Sean T. Rhoderick, CFA
Chief Investment Officer, Taxable Fixed Income
sean.rhoderick@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 23 yearsB.B.A., James Madison University
                                  


Sean, a managing director, is the chief investment officer for Taxable Fixed Income. Sean leads the strategy and performance for all taxable fixed-income investments. He has more than 20 years of experience in research and fixed income. Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Sean spent six years at Freddie Mac in credit research and four years as a bank credit analyst at the rating agency LACE Financial Corporation. Sean graduated cum laude from James Madison University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He is a member of the CFA Institute and serves on the Baltimore CFA Society's Board of Directors.










Douglas J. Roman, CFA, CMT
Managing Director, Large Cap Advantage Equity
douglas.roman@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 30 yearsB.S., Penn State UniversityM.S., Drexel University
                                  


Doug, a managing director, developed the Large Cap Advantage Equity investment process and is the portfolio manager for the Large Cap Advantage core, growth, and value portfolios. In addition, he serves as a portfolio manager for the Multi-Factor All Cap, Large Cap Growth, and Large Cap Value Funds. He is responsible for directing the quantitative efforts of the Large Cap Advantage team and overseeing the respective research group. Prior to joining the firm in 2002, he worked for Penn Street Advisors Inc., the Penn Street Funds, The Vanguard Group, Rittenhouse Financial Services, and CoreStates Investment Advisors. Doug holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a Chartered Market Technician. He is a member of the Financial Analysts of Philadelphia. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Penn State University and a Master of Science degree in finance from Drexel University.











Martin C. Schulz, J.D.
Managing Director, International Equity
martin.schulz@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 22 yearsB.A., Cornell UniversityM.B.A., George Washington UniversityJ.D., George Washington UniversityM.S.S., U.S. Army War College
                                  


Martin, a managing director, leads the firm's International Equity team. He formulates strategy and maintains final authority over all investment decisions. Martin’s industry experience extends to 1995 and includes positions in equity research and portfolio management. Prior to joining the firm in 1998, he was a portfolio manager with National City Corporation. Martin, who is fluent in German and conversant in French, has traveled to more than 70 countries. Martin earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in international relations from Cornell University, graduating magna cum laude. He received an M.B.A. in international business, a J.D. from George Washington University, and a Master of Strategic Studies from the U.S. Army War College. He also has served as a colonel in the U. S. Army and was honored as a 1999 General MacArthur Junior Officer Leadership Award winner.




Sales, Client Service and Consultant Relations









Holly R. Harrison
Managing Director, Head of Consultant Relations, RFP, and Mandate Business Strategy and Sales
holly.harrison@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 20 yearsB.A., Johns Hopkins University
                                  


Holly leads the Institutional Mandate business for PNC Capital Advisors, incorporating Consultant Relations, RFP, and Mandate Business Strategy and Sales. She is responsible for elements of institutional sales, as well the formulation and execution of the long-term strategic plan for the organization. She focuses on expanding existing client and consultant relationships, building new partnerships, and coordinating sales, marketing, and product management activities to achieve business goals. In addition, as sales director, she works with the regional directors and others to create new client solutions for PNC Capital Advisors. Holly has nearly 20 years of industry experience with roles across all major institutional asset management disciplines including investments, product management, marketing, sales, and client service. Her organizational experience includes positions at Strong Capital Management, Inc., Rockhaven Asset Management, and Legg Mason Capital Management. Holly earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in international relations and economics from Johns Hopkins University.











Timothy McDonough, CFA
Managing Director of Client Service
timothy.mcdonough@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 35 yearsB.A., Georgetown UniversityM.B.A., Boston College
                                  


Tim is managing director of client service for PNC Capital Advisors. He coordinates delivery of products and services to clients, with specialization in proprietary investment management products from PNC Capital Advisors. His key responsibilities include maintaining close working relationships with existing clients as the single point of contact for all matters related to their portfolios and supporting new business opportunity development. In addition, Tim serves in a national capacity as the firm’s Institutional Investment Director. He works with PNC Capital’s team of client advisors across markets to ensure a consistent, high quality client experience. He has more than 30 years of investment experience focused on institutional clients. His professional experience includes portfolio management, research, underwriting, and investment strategy. Tim joined the firm in 1997. A CFA charterholder, Tim earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from Boston College.





Administration and Product Management









Laura Carr
Managing Director
laura.carr@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 28 yearsB.S., Villa Julie CollegeM.B.A., Loyola University, Maryland
                                  


Laura is a managing director of Institutional Asset Management (IAM), including PNC Capital Advisors, LLC and PNC Realty Investors. She is responsible for managing the administrative activities of the IAM lines of business and for providing operational oversight of PNC Capital Advisors. In this role, she helps to drive the IAM business priorities include providing actionable insights, going from a good to a great client experience, and raising the firm’s profile as a market leader. Laura is a member of the IAM Executive Leadership Team and the PNC Capital Advisors Management Committee and is also a member of various lines of business and division-wide committees. She is involved in all elements of the growth of the business. Prior to being named to her current position in November of 2015, she served as Chief Administrative Officer for IAM and PNC Capital Advisors. In this role, Laura oversaw the administrative and operational functions of the organization and coordinated multiple acquisition and divestiture activities. Laura joined PNC through its acquisition of Mercantile-Safe Deposit & Trust in 2007. She began her career with Mercantile in 1989 as a Client Relationship Manager before being promoted to Manager of Applied Technology and then to Director of Business Administration. Laura earned a B.S. degree from Villa Julie College and an M.B.A. with a concentration in technology from Loyola University in Maryland.











Jennifer Spratley, CPA
Managing Director, Administration
jennifer.spratley@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 25 yearsB.S., Lehigh University
                                  


Jennifer is the managing director of administration for PNC Capital Advisors (PCA) and PNC Realty Investors (PRI). In this capacity, she manages and oversees the planning and execution of PCA and PRI business initiatives through partnerships with executive management, the firm’s other teams, and PNC business partners. She is responsible for leading the PCA Administration and PCA Fund Administration teams, as well as the PRI non-investment functions. Jennifer manages strategic projects and monitors regulatory and compliance-related developments, advising executive management and the business on their impact. She also serves as the president of the PNC Funds and PNC Advantage Funds.
Previously, Jennifer served as managing director and head of PCA’s Fund Administration team. Prior to that, she served as vice president and treasurer to PNC Funds, PNC Advantage Funds, and PNC Alternative Investment Funds. Before joining the firm in 2007, she served as the unit leader of Fund Accounting and Administration for SEI Investments Global Funds Service Accounting and Valuation Processing team. Jennifer managed various back-office functions for domestic mutual funds sponsored by SEI’s registered investment adviser clients. Earlier, she was a senior manager in the financial services division of Ernst & Young, LLP, responsible primarily for investment company audit engagements. 
Qualified as a certified public accountant, Jennifer earned a B.S. in business and economics from Lehigh University.










Keith D. Weigel, CFA
Managing Director, Product Management
keith.weigel@pnc.com
                                    Industry Experience: 30 yearsB.A., State University of New York, BuffaloM.B.A., State University of New York, Buffalo
                                  


Keith leads the product management team. He works closely with portfolio managers, distribution, marketing and compliance to align priorities, derive competitive positioning and develop and refine the firm's investment products. His extensive experience with a wide range of client segments facilitates the development of pertinent style and product customization. Before assuming the product management position, Keith was regional director of client service for the state of Michigan. Previously, he was a relationship and portfolio manager with JPMorgan Asset Management, responsible for clients and portfolios across a variety of segments. Keith, who joined the firm in 2006, earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and an M.B.A. with a concentration in finance from the State University of New York at Buffalo.








Quick Links
Quarterly Economic Review 














			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##



 















PNC Funds

















































Welcome to PNC Funds









Learn about how we can make a difference for your investment portfolio.

Individual InvestorsInvestment Professionals




Remember my selection




Individuals
The PNC family of mutual funds consists of a broad range of choices to match your investment goals.


Investment Professionals
At PNC Funds, we are committed to delivering extraordinary service and support to our advisors, their clients, and plan sponsors.


Visit PNC Capital Advisors for a comprehensive array of investment strategies.














			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##



 












PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:07 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of May 31, 2016 PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund has gone out of business. PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund is an open ended fixed income mutual fund launched by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. The fund is managed by PNC Capital Advisors, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in money market securities. It invests in high quality, short-term U.S. dollar-denominated securities including certificates of deposit, time deposits, obligations issued by domestic and foreign banks, and commercial paper that are rated in the highest rating category by at least two nationally recog...
As of May 31, 2016 PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund has gone out of business. PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund is an open ended fixed income mutual fund launched by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. The fund is managed by PNC Capital Advisors, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in money market securities. It invests in high quality, short-term U.S. dollar-denominated securities including certificates of deposit, time deposits, obligations issued by domestic and foreign banks, and commercial paper that are rated in the highest rating category by at least two nationally recognized rating agencies with remaining maturities of 397 days or less. The fund was formerly known as Allegiant Advantage Funds - Allegiant Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund. PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund was formed on October 28, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1900 East 9th StreetCleveland, OH 44114United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 216-222-8699

Fax: 216-222-2633








Key Executives for PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund


PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PNC Advantage Funds - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  PABXX Quote - PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund   PABXX:US      Liquidated   PABXX:US was liquidated   USD             Days to Maturity   -    Total Assets (m -) (on 05/25/2016)   775.435    Inception Date   10/28/2004                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    Days to Maturity   -    Total Assets (m -) (on 05/25/2016)   775.435    Inception Date   10/28/2004    Fund Managers   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.15%    Expense Ratio   0.09%                     Profile   PNC Advantage Institutional Money Market Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is high current income consistent with stability of principal while maintaining liquidity. The Fund invests in a portfolio of high quality short-term securities designed to allow the Fund to maintain a stable net asset value of $1.00 per share.    Address  PNC Fundsc/o Professional Funds Distributor760 Moore RoadKing of Prussia, PA 19406   Phone  1-800-622-3863   Website   www.pncfunds.com               





	Electronic Funds Transfer and Electronic Remittance Advice EFT ERA
















Skip Navigation















×

Sign In to Your Account





                        SERVICE NOTE:






                    Incorrect User ID and Password




                        I am a:

Member
Provider
Broker
Employer








                        User ID  


                        Password





Sign In





Forgot your User ID or password?
Register for access










×

Sign In to Your Account



Sign in below with your User Name and password, member ID or
                        Social Security #. We will preload your plan and network information.

Incorrect Username and Password


User Name

Member
                    ID or SS#




User Name


                        Password





Sign In





Forgot your User Name
                            or password?



























Providers

Provider Resources

Provider Toolkit

PNC Remittance Advantage: Electronic Funds Transfer and Remittance Advice (EFT-ERA)
Alcohol Abuse Screening Tool and Clinical Guidelines for Non-Mental Health Providers

Behavioral Health Screening Toolkit for Primary Care Physicians

Depression Screening Tool and Clinical Guidelines for Non-Mental Health Providers

Disease Management (DM) PATH

Domestic Abuse Guidelines for Health Care Professionals

DVD to Promote Healthy Feeding of Newborns and Children Sent to New Mothers

EmblemHealth HDHP Programs ConsumerDirect EPO and ConsumerDirect PPO

Free Services for You and Your Alzheimer's Patients

HEDIS/QARR Medical Record Review and Clinical Data Collection

Help Support Breastfeeding

HIV-AIDS-Case-Management

New York Medicaid’s Statewide Patient–Centered Medical Home Incentive Program Practitioner Quick Reference

In-Home Health Screenings by MedXM

Information Regarding Potentially Inappropriate Medications

Legislation Enacted To Increase HIV Testing in New York State

Medical Record Audits

Medical Record Review Tools

Occupational Health Clinic Joins EmblemHealth

Prescribing eHealth Initiative Best Practices and Guidance

Provider Weight Management Resources

Quick Guide to EmblemHealth’s Radiation Therapy, Cardiology Imaging and Radiology Programs

Reminder: Keep Your Directory Data Current

Waiver of Liability








Make Sure Members Can Find You
               
                    Review Your Provider Profile

                        Learn More
                        



Find a Doctor or Hospital
Locate a doctor, hospital or other health care services near you.

                        Search Now
                        



Health & Wellness
At EmblemHealth we’re dedicated to helping you stay healthy, get well and live better.

                        Learn More
                        



Pharmacy
Learn about EmblemHealth’s pharmacy benefits.

                        Learn More
                        



Improving the Patient Experience

                        Learn More
                        







PNC Remittance Advantage: Electronic Funds Transfer and Remittance Advice (EFT-ERA)
We are pleased to offer the PNC Remittance Advantage solution to help you efficiently manage your practice. This solution is available at no cost to you and allows you to reduce payment processing costs and improve cash flow.
With PNC Remittance Advantage you can receive direct deposits to your bank account(s) (EFT) and view or download your remittances online (ERA). Electronic transactions are fast, convenient and reduce the risk of lost or stolen payments.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the benefits of direct deposits and electronic remittance advice?

Transfer funds directly to your bank account, improving cash flow 
Match payments to remittances quickly and easily 
Import files directly into your practice management system, eliminating the need for manual keying 
View remittances online and print if needed 
Use multiple bank accounts if desired 
Manage payments from multiple insurance companies 
Security features to control each user's access 
Convenient search and reporting tools 
How do I enroll?
Web registration is simple. Just have available a recent EmblemHealth Explanation of Benefits (EOB) and your bank account information, and then go to PNC Remittance Advantage. From the PNC webpage, click on the “Register for Portal and Online Payment Services” link on the upper left side of your screen and follow the instructions for enrollment. If you need help with the registration process, please call the PNC Remittance Advantage Help Line, Monday through Friday, from 8:30 am to 8:30 pm at 1-877-597-5489, option 1. 

We are migrating our existing electronic funds transfer (EFT) program to PNC Remittance Advantage. Signing up for the CAQH-compliant Remittance Advantage program is easy. Follow the instructions for enrolling found here. Once enrolled in Remittance Advantage, your organization will automatically be disenrolled from our existing EFT service. 
Payments made in the last 18 months, under the existing EFT program, can be found by signing in to the EmblemHealth website. Your claims payment history may be located by selecting “Claims/Checks” from the left navigation bar and following the prompts.
How often will I receive direct deposit payments?
Electronic payments are usually made every weekday. To view the EFT Schedule for holidays or other exceptions, please sign in to PNC Remittance Advantage after enrolling. Select “EFT Schedule” from the EmblemHealth menu on the left side of your screen.
Will I still receive my paper EOB or remittance advice by mail?
The mailing of paper remittances will discontinue upon enrollment in PNC Remittance Advantage. Once registered with PNC, you will have the capability to view or download and print your remittance/EOB online via the PNC Remittance Advantage website. PNC will archive ten years of electronic remittance advisories.
How do I use HIPAA Adjustment and Remark Codes?
Due to HIPAA regulations, insurance payers can no longer send proprietary codes in most electronic transactions.
You will see HIPAA-compliant Adjustment and Remark codes on the bottom of your EOBs at PNC Remittance Advantage. Below is an image detailing the bottom section of one EOB. You can see the codes both on the right end of the service line detail and at the bottom of the EOB. 
For a complete listing of the Adjustment and Remark codes and their descriptions, please visit the Washington Publishing website or the CAQH CORE CARC/RARC/CAGC Code Combinations webpage.
Where do I get help if I need it?
For help with registering or using the PNC Remittance Advantage website, please call the PNC Remittance Advantage Help Line at 1-877-597-5489, option 1, Monday through Friday, from 8:30 am to 8:30 pm.
Want to learn more?
Please read the fact sheet Introducing PNC Remittance Advantage. webcasts are also available to train your practice or facility staff. After signing in to PNC Remittance Advantage, go to the Training Schedule on the upper left side of your screen in the General Information section and select a date or email remit.advantage@pnc.com to register for a webcast.
PNC Remittance Advantage is controlled and operated by PNC Bank, not EmblemHealth. As such, neither EmblemHealth nor its suppliers or vendors are responsible or liable for any claims, loss or damage directly or indirectly resulting from your use of PNC Remittance Advantage or the information or resources contained on or accessible through this electronic transaction service. Access to this service is provided as a convenience to you and your practice and registration is strictly voluntary on your part. You access and use this service solely at your own risk.





















You are now leaving EmblemHealth
Please check the Privacy Statement of the site to which you are going.
Click to Continue
×




You are now leaving the Medicare section of the EmblemHealth website.
Click to Continue
×




You are now leaving the FIDA section of the EmblemHealth Web site.
Click to Continue
×



Your member ID # is on the front of your ID card.





×


                After 11/15/2014, you will no longer be able to use this version of Internet Explorer (6 or lower) to access emblemhealth.com. It is no longer considered a secure platform. EmblemHealth websites are viewable in IE8, Chrome 28, Firefox 22, Safari 5.1.7 and all higher version of these browsers.
                









 




















PNC - Mutual Funds
































Toggle nav






 Personal

Personal Home
Banking



Checking
Savings
Credit Cards
Debit & Prepaid Cards
Insurance
Online & Mobile Banking
Workplace Banking
Student Banking
Military Banking
University Banking


Virtual Wallet®
'S' is for Savings®
Always Open
Digital Payments
Make the Most of Your Money
Security & Privacy
Español
Po polsku





Borrowing



Mortgages
Refinancing
Home Equity Loans & Lines of Credit
Auto Loans
Education Lending
Personal Loans & Lines of Credit
Credit Cards


PNC HomeHQ℠
Understanding Home Lending Center
Home Insight®
Financial Basics of Home Lending
Home Buyer's Basics
The Mortgage Process
Student & Graduate Center
Security & Privacy





Investments & Retirement




Brokerage Accounts
Managed Accounts
Education Accounts
Stocks, Bonds & Funds
Insurance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Retirement 401(k) & 403(B)
Small Business Retirement Options


Why PNC?
Retirement Planning Center
Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule
How Much Life Insurance Do You Need?
Help Protect Your Retirement Assets
Saving for College
Nearing Retirement
Getting Retirement Right
FINRA BrokerCheck





Wealth Management




The Client Experience
Wealth Strategy
Investment Management
Trust and Estate Services
Private Banking Services
Investment Corner
PNC Wealth Insight®
Hawthorn, PNC Family Wealth


Normal Abnormalities in the Markets
The (not so) New World of Smart Beta
Election Days are Here Again 
In Search of an Elusive Yield
A REIT of One’s Own
After Brexit, New Breginnings?
Get Smart with Smart Beta
Back Where We Started Again
Oil Prices: Going Down, Down, Down?
Election Year 2016 – Here We Go Again







Small Business

Small Business Home
Banking



Business Checking
Online Services for Business
Credit Cards
Savings & Liquidity Management


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Cash Flow Insight℠
Cash Flow Challenges
5 Easy Steps to Switch to PNC
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Business Insights eNews
Webinars & Podcasts
Always Open for Business
Security & Privacy
Video Insights from Business Experts





Payments & Processing



Treasury Management
Merchant Services
Payroll Processing
Payment Cards
Remote Deposit
PINACLE® Express


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Cash Flow Insight℠
Cash Flow Challenges
Employee Benefits
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Always Open for Business
Security & Privacy





Borrowing



Credit Cards
Lines of Credit
Term Loans
SBA Loans


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Cash Flow Challenges
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Always Open for Business
Security & Privacy





Industry Solutions



Healthcare Professionals
Retail Businesses
Manufacturers
Wholesalers
Agriculture
Professional Services
Accountants
Attorneys


PNC CFO℠: Cash Flow Optimized
Business Insights eNews
Cash Flow Challenges
Webinars & Podcasts
Veteran-Owned Businesses
Women in Business
Employee Benefits
Always Open for Business
Video Insights from Business Experts







Corporate & Institutional

Corporate & Institutional Home
Financing



Corporate & Institutional Lending
Debt Capital Markets
Capital Markets 
Mezzanine & Equity Finance
Dealer Finance


PNC Ideas
Financing Overview
Specialty Segments





Treasury Management




Payables
Receivables
Deposit & Account Services
Liquidity & Investments
Online & Mobile Banking
Fraud Prevention Tools


PNC Ideas
Treasury Management Mobile
Treasury Management Overview
NACHA Rule Changes
Specialty Segments





Capital Markets




Asset Backed Securities
Fixed Income Securities
Foreign Exchange
Loan Syndications
Mergers & Acquisitions
Public Finance
Public Market Securities
Private Placements
Risk Management


PNC Ideas 
Capital Markets Overview
Specialty Segments
FINRA BrokerCheck





International Services




Overview
International Cash Management
Foreign Exchange
Trade Services
Trade Finance
Canada
China
Europe


Online International Services
PNC Ideas
Specialty Segments





Institutional Asset Management




Institutional Advisory Solutions
Liability Driven Investing
Planned Giving Solutions


Vested Interest
Institutional Insights 
I-Link Demonstrations







About Us

About Us Home
Company Profile



Corporate Overview
Corporate Values
Leadership Team


Realty Services
Point of View
Green Building
Legacy Project
Business Continuity





Media



Media Room
Economic Reports
Meet Our Experts


Point of View
Facts About PNC
Green Building
Christmas Price Index®
Father/Son Challenge





Corporate Responsibility



Corporate Social Responsibility
Philanthropy at PNC
Diversity & Inclusion
Supplier Diversity
Green Building


PNC Foundation
PNC Grow Up Great®
Arts Alive
Charitable Sponsorships
Charitable Trusts
Community Development Banking
Legacy Project
Father/Son Challenge





Investor Relations



Investor Relations
Investor Events
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Financial Press Releases
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Shareholder Services
Analyst Coverage
Acquired Company Information
Investor Kit


Economic Reports
Corporate Responsibility





Careers



Careers at PNC
Our Culture
Awards & Recognition
Benefits
Find Your Place
Students & Graduates
Our Hiring Process
Recruiting Events


Diversity & Inclusion
Green Building
Point of View
Corporate Profile







Customer Service
Find a PNC ATM/Branch

Security & Privacy







Search





SEARCH


        	This is hidden
        





DO NOT check this box if you are using a public computer. User IDs potentially containing sensitive information will not be saved.

Login



Sign on to Online Banking







Save User ID
Forgot User ID or Password?




        
        
          ENROLL IN ONLINE BANKING:
Personal  |  Small Business


Sign on to PINACLE®




Sign on to another service:

SELECT SERVICE

Corporate Actions Online
I-Hub
I-Link
Mortgage Application Status Tracker
Mortgage Online
PNC Benefit Plus HSA
Retirement Directions
Speedpay
Travel Rewards Redemption Center


Account View
Advanced Reporting Tool
Corporate Actions Online
I-Hub
I-Link
Merchant ClientLine® Reporting
PINACLE Express
Tax Express
Travel Rewards Redemption Center


Appraisal Engagement
Borrower Insight Midland Loan Services
Borrower Insight Multifamily
BusinessCredit Quickview
Cash Concentration
Corporate Actions Online
Derivatives
I-Hub
I-Link
Inspection Engagement
LIHTC Investor Reporting
PNC BeneFit Plus for Employers
Retail Lockbox
SteelCity Quickview





Get our Mobile Banking Apps »

Personal and Small Business:
Sign on to Mobile Banking »

Personal and Small Business:
Sign on to Online Banking »

Corporate and Institutional:
Sign on to PINACLE® »

















Mutual Funds
Offered by PNC Investments
Mutual funds pool money from many investors to buy securities. Funds are managed by professional portfolio managers, and allow you to diversify your portfolio by investing in domestic and international stocks, bonds, real estate and money market instruments, as well as many combinations of these assets.





Call Now

Mon - Fri: 8am - 6pm ET
Sat: 9am - 2pm ET


1-855-762-4683












Let's Talk

Fill out this simple form and a PNC investment professional will get in touch with you.


Contact Us



























It pays to invest in your future.

For a limited time, open a new qualifying PNC Investments account and you could get a cash bonus up to $1500.
Learn More


Special Offer














Overview


Mutual funds offer the convenience of professional money management
Often a cost-effective means of diversifying your portfolio across different types of stocks, bonds and other assets
May offer greater liquidity than other types of investments; generally easy to sell and trade
Search mutual funds offered by PNC Investments »






Additional Information

Pricing & Fees
For customized pricing and fee information, please contact PNC Investments.
Before You Invest in Any Fund
Research the funds and fund families available through PNC Investments. You should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks and expenses of mutual funds before investing; this is contained in each fund's prospectus. Carefully review the mutual fund prospectus(es) prior to investing. To request a prospectus, call 1-855-PNC-INVEST.





Mutual Fund Types




Indexed


Passively managed; designed to closely follow the performance of a specific market index by investing in stocks that make up the target index





Target Date


The term “target date” reflects the anticipated retirement age of the investor; i.e. a 2035 fund is appropriate for individuals planning to retire in 2035
The fund’s investment mix adjusts over time, favoring stocks when the target date is well into the future – and becoming more conservative with a higher weighting toward bonds as the target date approaches
Changing allocation mix is called the “glide path”






Asset Allocation / Risk-Based


Achieve portfolio diversification with a single fund
Invest in a mix of equities, fixed income and cash that matches a specific risk tolerance (choose conservative, moderate or aggressive)
Underlying investments could be other mutual funds (this is called a fund of funds)





Load / No-Load


Loaded mutual funds charge sales fees: either a front-end charge at the time of purchase, a back-end charge when the fund is sold, or a level charge that must be paid each year
Loaded mutual funds typically include an annual expense fee, as well
No-load mutual funds do not charge sales fees at the time of purchase, but typically still include an annual expense fee
No-load funds may be charged transaction fees on purchases









Understanding Asset Allocation











Determining the mix of investment types is one of your most important tasks as an investor.


 
Let's Talk — Fill out this simple form and a
PNC Investments professional will get in touch with you.



Contact Us










Associated Products & Services
The following information may be provided by PNC Investments affiliates, including PNC Bank, PNC Wealth Management® or PNC Institutional Asset ManagementSM:






PNC Directions®
PNC Directions is a mutual fund and exchange traded fund (ETF) advisory program designed for investors taking those first steps toward achieving their financial goals. This account makes the process of investing easy and accessible by utilizing mutual funds and ETFs managed by our affiliates.
Learn More »




Brokerage Plus®
Access a broad range of equities and ETFs, plus thousands of mutual funds, including commission-free (No Transaction Fee) funds. Transfer money online between your eligible PNC Bank accounts and PNC Investments accounts.
Learn More »




Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)

Using both an IRA and an employer-sponsored plan, such as a 401(k), provides the opportunity to invest more for your retirement.
Learn More »












Related Resources








Retirement
Nearing Retirement
Now that retirement is within reach, how will you utilize your assets? Will what you've accumulated over the years be sufficient to support your needs and lifestyle expenses? How much is enough?
 Learn More » 






THOUGHT LEADERSHIP
Investment Corner
Key PNC thought leaders detail the impact of market activity on investment options through e-Newsletters, market commentary, videos and upcoming events.
 Visit Investment Corner » 






SAVINGS AND INVESTING
Browse Mutual Funds 
Search for a Mutual Fund by name or by Fund family.

 Browse Now » 













Important Legal Disclosures and Information






This material is meant to educate and not to provide legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. PNC Investments and its affiliates and vendors do not provide legal, tax or accounting advice.
Important Investor Information: Brokerage and insurance products are:


Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • Not A Deposit
Not Insured By Any Federal Government Agency • May Lose Value
Securities products, brokerage services and managed account advisory services are offered by PNC Investments LLC, a registered broker-dealer and a registered investment adviser and member FINRA, and SIPC. Annuities and other insurance products are offered through PNC Insurance Services, LLC, a licensed insurance agency.
View the PNC Investments Business Resiliency Planning Customer Disclosure.

This document provides information on additional compensation that PNC Investments receives from certain mutual fund companies, 529 plan program managers and insurance companies.
This material does not constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction where or to any person to whom it would be unauthorized or unlawful to do so.
PNC Investments does not guarantee the performance of any investment. Investing results may vary. Investments may lose money. Diversification and asset allocation may not prevent a loss of investment.
PNC Investments LLC, PNC Insurance Services, LLC and PNC Bank, National Association are each affiliated with The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
Bank deposit products and services provided by PNC Bank, National Association. Member FDIC.

















GET IN TOUCH
Customer Service
@PNCBank_Help
 Feedback


Banking on the Go

We have tools to help you bank when and where you want.
Mobile Apps Directory »


Stay Connected


FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInPinterest
Social Media Directory »


Join Us

Be part of our inclusive culture that strives for excellence and rewards talent.
Visit PNC Careers »





Security & Privacy
Accessible Banking
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map



The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved.











			To get the most of this PNC experience,
			we recommend upgrading your browser.











