






Point View Wealth Management Inc. Increases Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Emerson Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Bank of America Corporation Boosts Twitter, Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Price Target to $17.00					

USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Given New $70.00 Price Target at Pivotal Research					

UBS AG (UBS) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

United Microelectronics Corporation (NYSE:UMC) Stock Rating Lowered by Citigroup Inc.					

Wagner Bowman Management Corp Sells 1,154 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE:YUM)					

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Reduces Position in Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS)					

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Sells 3,400 Shares of Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA)					

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Invests $704,000 in Exact Sciences Corporation (EXAS)					

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Sells 22,500 Shares of Sigma Designs, Inc. (NASDAQ:SIGM)					

Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Increases Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc. (ULTA)					

Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Takes Position in RPM International Inc. (NYSE:RPM)					

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO) Position Decreased by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC					

Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Invests $593,000 in Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP)					

Carnival Corporation (CCL) Position Reduced by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC					

Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 3,471 Shares of Fortive Corporation (NYSE:FTV)					

Delta Asset Management LLC TN Increases Position in Consolidated Edison Inc (ED)					

Huntington National Bank Purchases 749 Shares of Discover Financial Services (NYSE:DFS)					

Huntington National Bank Sells 788 Shares of Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP)					

Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) Stake Decreased by Huntington National Bank					

Huntington National Bank Has $463,000 Stake in CMS Energy Corporation (CMS)					





 





						Point View Wealth Management Inc. Increases Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)					

						 June 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Point View Wealth Management Inc. raised its stake in  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 24.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 15,352 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 3,049 shares during the period. Point View Wealth Management Inc.’s holdings in Emerson Electric Company were worth $919,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp increased its position in  Emerson Electric Company by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 32,271,263 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,799,131,000 after buying an additional 1,049,578 shares during the period.  Van ECK Associates Corp increased its position in  Emerson Electric Company by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 391,717 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $21,838,000 after buying an additional 20,876 shares during the period.  Abbrea Capital LLC acquired a new position in  Emerson Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $537,000.  Prudential PLC increased its position in  Emerson Electric Company by 4.8% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 846,896 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $47,214,000 after buying an additional 38,653 shares during the period.  Finally, Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV acquired a new position in  Emerson Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $357,000. 68.93% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR) opened at 58.64 on Wednesday. Emerson Electric Company has a 12-month low of $48.45 and a 12-month high of $64.36. The company has a 50-day moving average of $59.25 and a 200 day moving average of $59.15. The company has a market cap of $37.79 billion, a PE ratio of 25.05 and a beta of 1.17. 




Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.58. Emerson Electric Company had a return on equity of 23.37% and a net margin of 8.72%. The company had revenue of $3.57 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.49 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.57 EPS. Emerson Electric Company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 9th. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th were issued a dividend of $0.48 per share. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $1.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.27%. Emerson Electric Company’s payout ratio is presently 81.70%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first  published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/point-view-wealth-management-inc-increases-stake-in-emerson-electric-company-emr.html. 
EMR has been the topic of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Emerson Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of Emerson Electric Company from a “reduce” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $55.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $58.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric Company in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. Cowen and Company  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric Company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Emerson Electric Company from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned  a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.23.
About Emerson Electric Company
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EMR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR).






Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









mlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">






	Our Team









































 
 
 














									 
								Home
									 
								
									 
								About Us
									 
								
									 
								Our Newsletters and Articles
									 
								
									 
								Our Media Appearances
									 
								
									 
								Logon/Add $ to Your Accounts
									 
								
									 
								Point View Partners, L.P.
									 
								
									 
								Community Service
									 
								
									 
								Careers
									 
								
									 
								Frequently Asked Questions
									 
								
									 
								Contact Us
									 
								 

HomeAbout UsOur TeamOur ServicesDisclosure/Privacy PolicyClient QuestionnairesOur Newsletters and ArticlesOur NewslettersOur ArticlesOur Media AppearancesTV/RadioClippingsEvents/Press ReleasesLogon/Add $ to Your AccountsDocument VaultPoint View Partners, L.P.Community ServiceCareersFrequently Asked QuestionsContact Us




















 
 
 











																	Our Team























































































































 



ABOUT US
 
 
 


DAVID G. DIETZE, JD, CFA, CFPTM
David G. Dietze is President and Chief Investment Strategist of Point View Wealth Management, Inc., an SEC registered investment advisor, which he founded in 1993. PVWM has been named one of the country's top wealth managers by Bloomberg Wealth Manager magazine, #5 on CNBC’s ranking of America’s top 100 fee-only wealth managers, and a 2015 Five Star Wealth Manager. Point View assists individuals, families, trusts, and others to develop and implement appropriate investment policies in the management of their financial assets. 
Mr. Dietze has devoted many years to investing and analyzing the markets. He has been awarded both the Chartered Financial Analyst designation by the CFA Institute and the Certified Financial Planner designation by the CFP Board of Standards. He is a member of various professional organizations, including the CFA Institute and the Investment Forum of Northern New Jersey.
David Dietze speaks and writes frequently on financial topics. He has authored articles such as "To Index or Not to Index", published in Better Investing, "International Investing", published in The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, and "Over Long Run, Stocks Prove Worth", published in the Independent Press. He also published the article, "The Limited Liability Company: Latest Strategy and Developments" in Insights: The Corporate & Securities Law Advisor. Additionally, Mr. Dietze teaches courses on investing, including at the Summit Area Community School. 
Mr. Dietze is interviewed frequently by the financial press, and has been cited in various periodicals including The Wall Street Journal, Barron's Magazine, The New York Times, LA Times, Forbes, U. S. News and World Report, Investor's Business Daily, The Star-Ledger, Business News New Jersey, The Daily Record, and Stages, Fidelity Investments' magazine of personal finance. He also appears regularly on Bloomberg, CNBC, Fox Business, Business News Network,  and CN8, the Comcast Network.
Mr. Dietze, born in 1956, graduated Phi Beta Kappa, magna cum laude, and with Honors in his major, Economics, from Dartmouth College in 1978. There, he was a Rufus Choate Scholar and received five citations in English, Latin, and Greek. He studied Spanish in Granada, Spain. He pursued graduate studies at Yale University in 1978 and 1979 in Classical Studies and Political Philosophy, earning Honors work. 
He earned his law degree from The Law School at The University of Chicago in 1982. He is an attorney at law and member of the Bar of New Jersey. He has practiced corporate and finance law with New York based White & Case and Washington, D.C.'s Crowell & Moring.
Mr. Dietze is actively involved in local community and charitable activities. He is Vice President of Summit’s Board of Education including Chair of its Operations Committee, President of the Dartmouth Club of Suburban New Jersey, past President of the Rotary Club of Summit/New Providence, past President of the Summit Tennis Club, past President of the Downtown Club, board trustee and Chair of the planning and budget committee of the Overlook Foundation, Vice President of the Summit Area Public Foundation and Chair of its investment committee, past board trustee, Treasurer, and Chair of the investment committee of the Summit Area YMCA, Co-Head Agent for Dartmouth College's Class of 1978, member of the reunion and gift committees for the University of Chicago’s Law School Class of 1982, and an active member of the Suburban Chamber of Commerce and the Canoe Brook Country Club. 
Mr. Dietze was named to the Inaugural Hall of Fame of his alma mater, Mountain Lakes High School, for his community, charitable, and professional accomplishments.  He was a Boy Scouts of America Summit Good Scout Awardee as an exemplary role model for the youth of our community.   Mr. Dietze enjoys reading, tennis, golf, skiing and paddle tennis.
Mr. Dietze resides in Summit, New Jersey with his wife, son and daughter.   






     


CLAIRE E. TOTH, JD, MLT, CFP 
Claire E. Toth is Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Point View Wealth Management, Inc. Point View is an independent, fee-only SEC registered investment advisor providing customized investment services to families, trusts and retirement plans. She advises clients on financial, estate, and retirement planning issues, from the most complex to the most basic. 
Clients include presidents and other high-level executives of publicly traded companies, Senior Managing Directors of investment banks, and successful entrepreneurs. Ms. Toth has provided strategies for exercising options, collaring restricted stock, managing SERP investments, and negotiating golden parachutes.
Prior to joining Point View, Ms. Toth was of Counsel to the law firm of Herold and Haines, P.A., in Warren, New Jersey. Her practice centered on tax and business planning for closely held businesses and their owners. Before that, Ms. Toth was a Branch Chief in the Office of Passthroughs and Special Industries with the IRS Chief Counsel in Washington. She has a national reputation in the taxation of partnerships and S corporations. 
Ms. Toth has been active in the ABA Tax Section and the New Jersey State Bar Association. She has written for a number of publications, including The Tax Lawyer, the Journal of Limited Liability Companies, Taxation for Accountants, and the Journal of Asset Protection. She speaks frequently before a variety of groups, ranging from the American Bar Association to the New York Society of CPAs. Ms. Toth co-authored the recently enacted legislation permitting single member LLCs in New Jersey. She is quoted regularly in periodicals such as Business News New Jersey and The Morris County Daily Record.
Ms. Toth received her A.B. and J.D. degrees from the University of Chicago, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. She has an M.L.T. from Georgetown University and has received the Certified Financial Planner designation by the CFP Board of Standards. 
Active in the Summit community, Ms. Toth is Vice President, Finance of the Summit Educational Foundation. She also volunteers with the Summit Historic Preservation Commission, the Business and Professional Women's Club, in the public schools, in her church, and with the University of Chicago. An avid golfer, Ms. Toth participates in the Executive Women's Golf Association. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                




JOHN J. PETRIDES, MBA

John J. Petrides, MBA, is a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager at Point View.  Mr. Petrides has over fifteen years of experience in managing investment portfolios, analyzing securities and providing financial solutions for high net worth and institutional investors. Prior to joining Point View, he spent six years as a Portfolio Manager for Advisors Capital Management, LLC. During his tenure, John managed $200 million in assets for over one hundred client accounts across the Growth and Balanced Strategies. He also served as the Chairperson of the Investment Committee, participated in quarterly webcasts to clients, and published market commentaries frequently. Previously, John had been an equity analyst at Bear Stearns Asset Management (BSAM) for its High Net Worth and Large Cap Value Institutional strategies, which at its peak had $7 billion in assets under management.   John is a regular guest on CNBC, Fox Business News, Bloomberg West, CNN World Business, Business News Network, Wall Street Unplugged, Wall Street Journal Radio, and also quoted in Barron’s Magazine. 


 
John received his MBA from Pace University’s Lubin School of Business, in 2005 and his BA in Political Science from Fairfield University (CT) in 1999. In 1998, John studied at St Catherine’s College, Oxford University, in England. John has been and continues to be actively involved in community service organizations. He is the Vice President of the Michael J. Petrides Student Award for Excellence in Math and Science. He is a Board member for Staten Island Community Resources. John was also a member of the Amethyst House, in Staten Island, NY and an AmeriCorps Volunteer at John’s Home for Boys in Rockaway, Queens.  John is currently on the Advisory Board of the Department of Community Programs (DCP) and has served as the Treasurer of Summit Public Arts, for Summit, NJ.  He is a coach for Summit Junior Baseball, New Providence Flag Football, a member of the Summit Elks club, and a volunteer judge for the annual Summit Classic Car Show. 
      



DONNA ST.AMANT, MBA
Donna St.Amant is a Portfolio Manager at Point View. Ms. St.Amant advises clients on portfolio construction, investment implementation, and management.
Ms. St.Amant has spent over 15 years working in the financial industry and has a strong track record of building extensive client relationships. She has focused much of her career on wealth management, fixed income credit product, and marketing and relationship management. Prior to joining Point View she held senior positions at Prudential, Bank of America Securities, and Merrill Lynch. 
Ms. St.Amant received her MBA from Columbia Business School and her Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Villanova University. She serves as Treasurer of the Summit Junior Fortnightly Club, a local charity organization, and also volunteers for the Summit Educational Foundation, SHIP (Summit Helping Its People) and at her children’s schools. She lives with her husband and three boys in Summit, New Jersey. 
 
      



ELAINE F. PHIPPS, MBA, CFA


Elaine Phipps is a Portfolio Manager at Point View.  She has over 17 years of experience working in the financial services industry with a focus on both equity and fixed income products.  Ms. Phipps has held increasingly senior positions at the First Boston Corporation, Chase Manhattan Bank, Moody's, and MetLife.
 
Ms. Phipps received her B.A. in Economics at the College of the Holy Cross and her MBA in Finance with Distinction from New York University's Stern School of Business.  She also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.  Ms. Phipps is a trustee on the Summit Area YMCA board where she also sits on the finance committee.  She is a past board trustee, Treasurer, finance and investment policy committee member of New Eyes for the Needy.  Elaine serves on the executive board of the Summit High School Parent Teacher Organization and is active in a number of local charities.  Ms. Phipps lives in Summit with her husband and two teenage children.

  

ANNETTE B. TUCKER 

 

Annette Tucker is the Client Services Manager at Point View Wealth Management, Inc.  She adds to the professionalism of the Point View team with her extensive experience in the administrative and client service fields.  Ms. Tucker is a consummate people person and goes the extra mile to see that the needs of Point View clients are consistently met and exceeded.
 

Annette gained her experience in a variety of industries over the years, ranging from Manufacturing, to International Freight Forwarding, to working for Starbucks Coffee Company.  Her position prior to joining Point View was as Office Manager for a local material handling company.
 
Ms. Tucker earned her Corporate Assistant Certificate from the  Katharine Gibbs School, and has completed credits towards a Liberal Arts degree.  Annette resides in Berkeley Heights with her daughter and two sons, and is a member of the Berkeley Heights Volunteer Rescue Squad.
 
  

JEANETTE CAREY
 
Jeanette Carey is the Senior Client Services Specialist at Point View Wealth Management.  Her experiences include managing processes, streamlining procedures, trading, revenue projections, compliance, performance analytics, and client relationship management. She has additional demonstrated expertise in process re-engineering, client satisfaction, systems administration, database archivist, cash management and strategic planning. She is adept in communicating with clients on relevant issues and building/ nurturing relationships and is conversant in Spanish and French.
 
Jeanette has worked for several wealth management organizations including Beacon Trust Company, American Re Asset Management, and Seneca Inc.
 
Jeanette earned her degree from Montclair State University, and resides in Succasunna with her husband and daughter.
  

CHRISTINA GILMARTIN

Christina Gilmartin is a Client Service Specialist at Point View Wealth Management, Inc. With over fifteen years’ experience working in the financial services industry, Chris is focused and resourceful and excels at prioritizing and following through to achieve project goals. A dedicated team player, Chris understands the value of communication, organization, and resolution in order to provide the best possible service to clients.
 
 After working as Operations Manager and Equity Trader for KR Capital Advisors, Inc., an Institutional Investment Advisor in New York City, Chris chose to work closer to her home in Cranford, New Jersey so that she could spend more time with her husband and two sons.  When she is not working, Chris enjoys cooking, travelling with her family and being a spectator at her sons’ baseball games.

 

 
 MARCELA GARCIA




Marcela Garcia Mangan is the office operations specialist at Point View Wealth Management, Inc. In this role, Marcela assists in trade execution, business development, client account management and office management. She has more than five years of experience in finance, and previous to joining Point View she managed accounting functions for the Integrative Medicine Department at Atlantic Health System. Marcela graduated with honors from Kean University with a degree in Accounting. She is also fluent in Spanish.  
 
Marcela lives in Summit with her husband, three dogs and two cats. She enjoys traveling, photography and enjoying the outdoors. An avid animal lover, Marcela donates her photography skills for the benefit of local animal shelters and also serves as an adoption counselor for Stray from the Heart. 





WILLIAM DIETZE


William Dietze is a 2016 graduate of Summit High School and will matriculate to
Colorado College.  He has served as Point
View’s digital information specialist since 2014.  Will manages his own investment portfolio and
performs investment research for Portfolio Managers.  His hobbies include snowboarding and playing
the bass.







For directions to our office, please click here.
To view a summary of Point View's services, please click here.
To view our FAQs page, please click here.
To view our disclosure and privacy policy, please click here.


































												© 2017 Point View Wealth Management | 382 Springfield Avenue  Ste. 208, Summit, NJ 07901-2707 | All rights reservedP: 800-252-7854 | F: 419-844-0922 | firm@ptview.com | 

Disclosure | Contact Us |
											
												Home






Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at 800-252-7854 or email:  firm@ptview.com














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) Stake Lowered by Fayez Sarofim & Co - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Texas Instruments Incorporated

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Texas Instruments Incorporated with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Cuts Position in S&P Global Inc. (SPGI)
Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) Stake Lowered by Fayez Sarofim & Co
Kenneth E. Fenton Sells 8,000 Shares of World Point Terminals LP (WPT) Stock
The Joint Corp. (JYNT) Given News Impact Score of 0.31
Great Western Bancorp (GWB) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.34
GAMCO Global Gold Ntrl Rsrcs & Incm Trst (GGN) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows
Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Sandy Spring Bancorp (SASR) Share Price
Ituran Location and Control (ITRN) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds
Twenty-First Century Fox (FOXA) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Liberty Global PLC (LILAK) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31
KemPharm (KMPH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.05
Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. (NYSE:BFAM) COO Mary Lou Burke Sells 5,000 Shares
TerraForm Global, Inc. (GLBL) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
Analysts Set 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) PT at $201.72
Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Owens-Illinois, Inc. (OI)
Analysts Set Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) PT at $9.25
Ciner Resources LP (CINR) Cut to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub
Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
LSC Communications Inc (LKSD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research







Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) Stake Lowered by Fayez Sarofim & Co


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Fayez Sarofim & Co lowered its position in  Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) by 7.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 3,394,401 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after selling 275,222 shares during the period. Texas Instruments comprises  1.5% of Fayez Sarofim & Co’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Fayez Sarofim & Co’s holdings in Texas Instruments were worth $273,453,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of TXN. Perigon Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in  Texas Instruments during the fourth quarter worth approximately $111,000.  Garde Capital Inc. increased its stake in  Texas Instruments by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. Garde Capital Inc. now owns 4,753 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $347,000 after buying an additional 121 shares in the last quarter.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Texas Instruments by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,692,407 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $123,495,000 after buying an additional 48,137 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new stake in  Texas Instruments during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,292,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new stake in  Texas Instruments during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,361,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  84.64% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Texas Instruments Incorporated alerts:



Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ TXN) opened at 80.97 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $79.98 and its 200 day moving average is $79.16. Texas Instruments Incorporated has a 12 month low of $66.30 and a 12 month high of $84.65. The firm has a market cap of $80.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.55 and a beta of 1.20. 





Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, July 25th. The semiconductor company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $3.69 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.57 billion. Texas Instruments had a net margin of 28.68% and a return on equity of 36.73%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 12.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.76 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Texas Instruments Incorporated will post $4.10 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 14th. Investors of record on Monday, July 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.50 per share. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.47%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 27th. Texas Instruments’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 50.51%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/texas-instruments-incorporated-nasdaqtxn-stake-lowered-by-fayez-sarofim-co.html. 
TXN has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Texas Instruments in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Texas Instruments from $88.00 to $94.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Robert W. Baird boosted their price objective on shares of Texas Instruments from $80.00 to $85.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Vetr downgraded shares of Texas Instruments from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $89.16 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Texas Instruments from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued  a hold rating, fifteen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. Texas Instruments currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $85.96.
In related news, insider Niels Anderskouv sold 32,420 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.61, for a total transaction of $2,613,376.20. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 102,028 shares in the company, valued at $8,224,477.08. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Company insiders own  0.96% of the company’s stock. 
About Texas Instruments
Texas Instruments Incorporated designs, makes and sells semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers across the world. The Company operates through two segments: Analog and Embedded Processing. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had design, manufacturing or sales operations in more than 30 countries.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TXN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN).







Receive News & Ratings for Texas Instruments Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Texas Instruments Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
























































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





MetLife (NYSE:MET) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































MetLife Company Profile (NYSE:MET)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About MetLife (NYSE:MET)
MetLife, Inc. is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company's segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Its Asia segment offers products, including life insurance; accident and health insurance, and retirement and savings products. Latin America offers products, including life insurance, and retirement and savings products. Life insurance includes universal, variable and term life products. EMEA offers products, including life insurance, accident and health insurance, retirement and savings products, and credit insurance. The Brighthouse Financial segment offers products and services, including variable, fixed, index-linked and income annuities, as well as variable, universal, term and whole life products. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Finance
Industry: Life & Health Insurance - NEC
Sub-Industry: Life & Health Insurance
Symbol: NYSE:MET
CUSIP: 59156R10
Web: www.metlife.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $58.88582 billionOutstanding Shares: 1,075,933,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $54.35200 Day Moving Avg: $53.0652 Week Range: $38.87 - $58.09


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 9.47P/E Growth: 0.95Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $61.21 billionPrice / Sales: 0.97Book Value: $62.82 per sharePrice / Book: 0.88Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.60Dividend Yield: 2.9%


Profitability:EBIDTA: ($566,250,000.00)Net Margins: -0.95%Return on Equity: 7.57%Return on Assets: 0.60%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.30%Current Ratio: 0.16%Quick Ratio: 0.16%Misc:Average Volume: 5.05 million shs.Beta: 1.46Short Ratio: 2.16

 

Frequently Asked Questions for MetLife (NYSE:MET)
What is MetLife's stock symbol?

MetLife trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "MET."



How often does MetLife pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for MetLife?

MetLife declared a quarterly dividend on Friday, July 7th. Investors of record on Monday, August 7th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share on Wednesday, September 13th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, August 3rd.  View MetLife's Dividend History.



How were MetLife's earnings last quarter?

MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May, 3rd. The company reported $1.46 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $1.27 by $0.19. The firm had revenue of $16.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $17.02 billion. MetLife had a positive return on equity of 7.57% and a negative net margin of 0.95%. The company's revenue was down 11.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.20 EPS.  View MetLife's Earnings History.



Where is MetLife's stock going? Where will MetLife's stock price be in 2017?

10 equities research analysts have issued 12-month price targets for MetLife's shares. Their forecasts range from $51.00 to $78.00. On average, they expect MetLife's share price to reach $59.65 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for MetLife.



What are analysts saying about MetLife stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about MetLife stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "MetLife’s earnings of $1.46 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 14.96% and were up 12.3% year over year. Earnings benefited from volume growth, continued expense discipline and higher fees from improved equity markets. MetLife’s consistent growth via acquisitions and divestitures allow it to focus on core business. The separation of the company’s retail unit will reduce its risk exposure to equity and interest rates. Its efforts to reduce expenses will cushion its bottom line in the long term. A strong balance sheet, improved cash balance and low debt level are other positives. The stock has, outperformed the Zacks categorized Multi Line Insurance industry over the past one year. MetLife, nevertheless, remains exposed to headwinds like still low interest rates, adverse foreign exchange, taxes, regulatory uncertainty surrounding its SIFI designation, and stiff competition." (5/5/2017)
2. Wells Fargo & Company analysts commented, "We sensed expectations among investors were low for MET going into Q1 earnings, and in our view the quarter at least met those expectations, with the majority of the outperformance relative to our expectation occurring in MetLife Holdings and the Corporate segment. We knew there was some re-positioning of hedging strategies going on in the quarter to make the derivative portfolio more “statutory-friendly” so we are not overly concerned with the net derivative losses (assuming they did not lower statutory capital levels, which will be discussed on the conference call on May 4). As we move toward the spin of Brighthouse, we can see the evolution of RemainCo MetLife’s less volatile earnings profile, which we believe will be rewarded with higher multiples over time." (5/4/2017)




Who are some of MetLife's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to MetLife include Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK), Prudential Financial (PRU), Prudential plc (PRU), Manulife Financial Corp (MFC), Aflac Incorporated (AFL), Sun Life Financial (SLF), Aviva plc (AV), Principal Financial Group (PFG), Lincoln National Corporation (LNC), Aegon NV (AEG), Unum Group (UNM), Athene Holding (ATH), Standard Life Plc (SL), Voya Financial (VOYA), StanCorp Financial Group (SFG), CNO Financial Group (CNO), Symetra Financial (SYA) and Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX).



Who are MetLife's key executives?

MetLife's management team includes the folowing people: Steven A. Kandarian J.D., Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive OfficerJohn C. R. Hele, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentMichel Khalaf, President, EMEAChristopher G. Townsend, President, AsiaSusan Podlogar, Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice PresidentWilliam O'Donnell, Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting OfficerSteven J. Goulart, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment OfficerEsther Lee, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Marketing OfficerRicardo A. Anzaldua J.D., Executive Vice President, General CounselMartin J. Lippert, Executive Vice President, Head - Global Technology and Operations



Who owns MetLife stock?

MetLife's stock is owned by a variety of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional investors include 
				
					BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF METLIFE INC
				
			 (14.90%), Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. (0.65%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.36%), NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. (0.29%), Acadian Asset Management LLC (0.22%) and Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd (0.21%). Company insiders that own MetLife stock include Frans Hijkoop, James M Kilts, Kenton J Sicchitano, Maria R Morris and Peter M Carlson. View Institutional Ownership Trends for MetLife.



Who sold MetLife stock? Who is selling MetLife stock?

MetLife's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Strs Ohio, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can, DnB Asset Management AS, Sit Investment Associates Inc., Russell Investments Group Ltd., Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd, BB&T Corp and Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX. Company insiders that have sold MetLife stock in the last year include Frans Hijkoop, Maria R Morris and Peter M Carlson. View Insider Buying and Selling for MetLife.



Who bought MetLife stock? Who is buying MetLife stock?

MetLife's stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Acadian Asset Management LLC, Harbour Capital Advisors LLC, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., Hexavest Inc., Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc., Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Gradient Investments LLC and Oakbrook Investments LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for MetLife.



How do I buy MetLife stock? 

Shares of MetLife can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is MetLife's stock price today?

One share of MetLife stock can currently be purchased for approximately $55.04.


MarketBeat Community Rating for MetLife (NYSE MET)Community Ranking:  3.4 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  581 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  277 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  858MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about MetLife and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for MetLife (NYSE:MET) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 4 Hold Ratings, 5 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.40)Consensus Price Target: $59.65 (8.37% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for MetLife (NYSE:MET)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/24/2017J P Morgan Chase & CoInitiated CoverageHold$78.00Low7/12/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyReiterated RatingOutperform$61.00 -> $63.00Low7/12/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingBuy$62.00Low7/7/2017Citigroup Inc.Set Price TargetSell$51.00Low5/25/2017FBR & CoUpgradeMarket Perform -> Outperform$54.00 -> $58.00Medium3/6/2017Bank of America CorporationDowngradeBuy -> Neutral$54.20 -> $54.83N/A2/5/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingBuy$65.00N/A12/9/2016Standpoint ResearchDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A11/8/2016ArgusReiterated RatingBuy$54.00N/A10/7/2016Credit Suisse GroupInitiated CoverageNeutral$51.00N/A7/6/2016Evercore ISIInitiated CoverageBuy$52.00N/A6/27/2016Sandler O'NeillUpgradeHold -> BuyN/A2/8/2016Raymond James Financial, Inc.Lower Price TargetStrong-Buy$56.00 -> $55.00N/A2/4/2016MacquarieLower Price TargetOutperform$55.00 -> $53.00N/A2/4/2016Barclays PLCLower Price TargetOverweight$60.00 -> $53.00N/A1/14/2016Janney Montgomery ScottInitiated CoverageBuyN/A1/13/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Lower Price TargetNeutral$53.00 -> $46.00N/A11/11/2015Morgan StanleyDowngradeOverweight -> Equal Weight$58.00 -> $56.00N/A11/6/2015Piper Jaffray CompaniesReiterated RatingNeutral$58.00 -> $57.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for MetLife (NYSE:MET)Earnings History by Quarter for MetLife (NYSE MET)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails5/3/2017Q1 2017$1.27$1.46$17.02 billion$16.27 billionViewListen2/1/2017Q416$1.34$1.28$17.34 billion$12.08 billionViewListen11/2/2016Q316$1.14$1.28$17.03 billion$17.70 billionViewListen8/3/2016Q216$1.35$0.83$17.35 billion$17.00 billionViewListen5/4/2016Q116$1.38$1.20$17.16 billion$16.61 billionViewListen2/3/2016Q415$1.36$1.23$17.61 billion$17.11 billionViewListen11/4/2015Q315$0.76$0.62$17.77 billion$17.97 billionViewListen7/29/2015Q215$1.47$1.56$17.69 billion$17.40 billionViewListen5/6/2015Q115$1.41$1.44$17.53 billion$17.03 billionViewListen2/11/2015Q414$1.37$1.38$18.18 billion$18.25 billionViewListen10/29/2014Q314$1.38$1.60$17.65 billion$17.92 billionViewListen7/30/2014Q214$1.41$1.39$17.54 billion$17.80 billionViewListen4/30/2014Q114$1.40$1.37$17.50 billion$17.12 billionViewListen2/13/2014Q413$1.30$1.37$17.43 billion$18.38 billionViewListen10/31/2013Q313$1.34$1.34$17.23 billion$16.90 billionViewListen7/31/2013Q2 2013$1.33$1.44$17.31 billion$17.04 billionViewListen5/1/2013Q1 2013$1.31$1.48$17.34 billion$17.00 millionViewListen2/13/2013Q4 2012$1.18$1.25$17.25 billion$18.36 billionViewListen10/31/2012$1.28$1.32ViewN/A8/1/2012$1.25$1.33ViewN/A4/26/2012$1.26$1.37ViewN/A2/14/2012$1.25$1.31ViewN/A10/27/2011$1.09$1.11ViewN/A7/28/2011$1.13$1.13ViewN/A5/5/2011$1.26$1.33ViewN/A2/9/2011$1.10$1.14ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for MetLife (NYSE:MET)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $5.262018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $5.86QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172$1.23$1.26$1.25Q2 20172$1.25$1.29$1.27Q3 20172$1.36$1.41$1.39Q4 20172$1.34$1.38$1.36Q1 20182$1.44$1.44$1.44Q2 20182$1.43$1.44$1.44Q3 20182$1.47$1.54$1.51Q4 20182$1.42$1.54$1.48(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for MetLife (NYSE:MET)Next Dividend:9/13/2017Annual Dividend:$1.60Dividend Yield:2.91%Dividend Growth:16.00% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:-258.06% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  29.74% (Based on This Year's Estimates)27.54% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:4 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for MetLife (NYSE MET)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/7/2017quarterly$0.402.85%8/3/20178/7/20179/13/20174/25/2017quarterly$0.403.08%5/4/20175/8/20176/13/20171/6/2017quarterly$0.402.98%2/2/20172/6/20173/13/201710/25/2016quarterly$0.403.41%11/3/201611/7/201612/13/20167/7/2016quarterly$0.404.08%8/4/20168/8/20169/13/20164/26/2016quarterly$0.403.42%5/5/20165/9/20166/13/201610/27/2015quarterly$0.382.93%11/4/201511/6/201512/11/20157/7/2015quarterly$0.382.76%8/5/20158/7/20159/11/20154/28/2015quarterly$0.382.88%5/7/20155/11/20156/12/20151/6/2015quarterly$0.352.73%2/4/20152/6/20153/13/201510/28/2014quarterly$0.352.68%11/5/201411/7/201412/12/20147/7/2014quarterly$0.352.5%8/6/20148/8/20149/12/20144/22/2014quarterly$0.352.7%5/7/20145/9/20146/13/20141/6/2014quarterly$0.282.06%2/4/20142/6/20143/13/201410/22/2013quarterly$0.282.28%11/6/201311/8/201312/13/20136/25/2013quarterly$0.282.42%8/7/20138/9/20139/13/20134/23/2013quarterly$0.282.87%5/7/20135/9/20136/13/20131/4/2013quarterly$0.192.07%2/4/20132/6/20133/13/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for MetLife (NYSE:MET)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.30%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 74.60%Insider Trades by Quarter for MetLife (NYSE:MET)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails3/22/2017James M KiltsDirectorBuy17,205$51.13$879,691.65  3/1/2017James M KiltsDirectorBuy2,795$54.17$151,405.15  12/23/2016Peter M CarlsonEVPSell23,636$54.32$1,283,907.52  12/1/2016Frans HijkoopEVPSell14,997$56.18$842,531.46  11/9/2016Frans HijkoopEVPSell56,250$51.48$2,895,750.00  11/1/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell2,200$47.33$104,126.00  10/4/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell8,800$45.00$396,000.00  8/2/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell2,000$42.96$85,920.00  7/1/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell2,000$39.43$78,860.00  6/1/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$45.15$189,630.00  5/2/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$45.46$190,932.00  4/18/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell2,200$45.00$99,000.00  3/30/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,400$45.00$198,000.00  3/1/2016Maria R MorrisEVPSell2,000$39.97$79,940.00  2/1/2016Maria R. MorrisEVPSell2,000$44.31$88,620.00  12/2/2015Kenton J SicchitanoDirectorSell9,503$50.78$482,562.34  12/1/2015Maria R. MorrisEVPSell4,200$51.23$215,166.00  11/2/2015Maria R. MorrisEVPSell4,200$50.60$212,520.00  10/1/2015Maria R. MorrisEVPSell4,200$47.22$198,324.00  9/1/2015Maria R. MorrisEVPSell4,200$48.42$203,364.00  7/1/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell6,200$57.00$353,400.00  6/22/2015Steven A KandarianCEOSell17,500$57.12$999,600.00  6/2/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell6,200$52.41$324,942.00  5/1/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$51.72$217,224.00  4/1/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$50.24$211,008.00  3/6/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell2,000$53.00$106,000.00  3/2/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$50.63$212,646.00  2/2/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$46.85$196,770.00  1/2/2015Maria R MorrisEVPSell4,200$54.58$229,236.00  10/28/2014Maria R MorrisEVPSell18,300$51.74$946,842.00  6/12/2014Peter M CarlsonCAOSell91,625$54.29$4,974,321.25  3/6/2014Beth HirschhornEVPSell30,594$52.44$1,604,349.36  12/24/2013Maria MorrisEVPSell12,000$53.08$636,960.00  8/14/2013John KeaneDirectorSell1,210$49.57$59,979.70  8/5/2013William WheelerInsiderSell40,000$50.92$2,036,800.00  5/29/2013Beth HirschhornEVPSell20,764$44.18$917,353.52  5/8/2013Kenton J SicchitanoDirectorSell1,536$40.77$62,622.72  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for MetLife (NYSE:MET)


Latest Headlines for MetLife (NYSE:MET)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineSenators Concerned Icahn Is Influencing Regulators on AIGwww.nytimes.com - July 28 at 4:05 AMMetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Rating Increased to B- at TheStreetwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 8:39 PMJ P Morgan Chase & Co Begins Coverage on MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 2:52 PM Analysts Anticipate MetLife, Inc. (MET) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $17.09 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 22 at 12:04 PMU.S. Financial Regulators to Discuss MetLife Lawsuit Next Week ... - New York Timeswww.nytimes.com - July 22 at 6:29 AMMetLife: What Are Brighthouse Spin-Off Shares Really Worth? - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 22 at 6:29 AMMetLife, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.29 Per Share, Langen Mcalenn Forecasts (NYSE:MET)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 8:26 AMMetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.36 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 8:50 AM$1.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 8:09 AMMetLife, Inc. (MET) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 10:36 PMMarkets Right Now: US stocks edge mostly higher at middaymarketbeat.com - July 17 at 12:22 PMMarkets Right Now: US stocks open mostly lowermarketbeat.com - July 17 at 9:44 AMFY2017 EPS Estimates for MetLife, Inc. (MET) Decreased by FBR & Cowww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 10:50 AM[$$] MetLife Reaches for the Lighter Sidefinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 6:42 AMWells Fargo & Company Reaffirms "Outperform" Rating for MetLife, Inc. (MET)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 10:37 AMResearch Analysts Set Expectations for MetLife, Inc.'s Q2 2017 Earnings (MET)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 7:28 AMMetLife CIO Sees Logan Circle Deal as 'Jump Start' - Bloombergwww.bloomberg.com - July 12 at 3:26 AMMetLife’s Legal Services Employee Benefit Plan Now Offers Credit Monitoring Services to Help Participants Avoid Identify Theftfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 3:26 AMDeals of the day-Vnesheconombank, Stada, MetLifewww.businessinsider.com - July 11 at 1:37 AMMetLife agrees to buy Center City investment firm for $250Mfinance.yahoo.com - July 9 at 11:54 AMMetLife gets final stamp of approval for Brighthouse Financial spinofffinance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 12:33 PMMetLife to Acquire Logan Circle Partners, L.P.finance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 12:33 PMMetLife Declares Third Quarter 2017 Common Stock Dividendfinance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 12:33 PM[$$] MetLife to Acquire Fortress's Logan Circle Partnersfinance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 12:33 PMMetLife, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.40 (NYSE:MET)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 11:42 PMMetLife, Inc. (MET) Given a $51.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 6:56 PMMetLife buys Fortress' fixed-income asset management unit for $250Mseekingalpha.com - July 7 at 5:37 PMBRIEF-Metlife says US SEC has declared Brighthouse Financial's registration statement on form 10 effective - Reuterswww.reuters.com - July 7 at 7:21 AMMetLife (MET) Spinoff of Brighthouse Financial Declared Effective; Regular-Way Trading to Commence on Aug 7 - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - July 7 at 7:21 AMMetLife seeks new delay in 'too big to fail' case to wait for Trump - Reuterswww.reuters.com - July 7 at 7:21 AMMetLife seeks delay in 'too big to fail' caseseekingalpha.com - July 7 at 5:22 AM[$$] MetLife's Future Looks Brighthousefinance.yahoo.com - July 5 at 4:31 PMPrudential Public Limited Company (PUK) and MetLife (NYSE:MET) Critical Analysiswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 8:24 AM[$$] How MetLife Spinoff Could Shine Brightfinance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 8:12 PMEnd Of Easy Money Erafinance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 8:12 PMMetLife, Inc. (MET) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Companywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 5:44 PMHow MetLife Spinoff Could Shine Brightwww.wsj.com - July 3 at 3:07 PMMetLife's (MET) Board Okays Brighthouse Spin-Off, Stock Upwww.nasdaq.com - July 1 at 1:04 AMUPDATE 1-MetLife board approves Brighthouse spinofffinance.yahoo.com - July 1 at 1:04 AMMetLife Board of Directors Approves Spin-Off of Brighthouse Financialfinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 1:29 AMMetLife board approves Brighthouse spinoff, sets effective datefinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 1:29 AMMetLife, Inc. (MET) Lifted to Hold at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 7:20 PMMetLife Closer to Spinning Off U.S. Life Insurance Businesswww.wsj.com - June 28 at 8:11 PMStock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on MetLife (MET)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 7:24 PMSpectranetics and General Mills climb; Paychex slidesmarketbeat.com - June 28 at 5:41 PM Analysts Anticipate MetLife, Inc. (MET) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $17.09 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 1:14 PMMetLife to Hold Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 Results - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 28 at 8:53 AMMetLife to Hold Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 8:53 AMPre-Market Technical Recap on Insurance Stocks -- Genworth Financial, ING Groep, Lincoln National, and MetLifewww.nasdaq.com - June 26 at 9:13 AM Analysts Expect MetLife, Inc. (MET) to Post $1.27 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 9:02 AM


Social





Chart
MetLife (MET) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































﻿
































AXT Inc (NASDAQ:AXTI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for AXT Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AXT Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Brokers Set Expectations for LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:LTXB)
DA Davidson Comments on Guaranty Bancorp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GBNK)
AXT Inc (NASDAQ:AXTI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
Alkermes PLC (NASDAQ:ALKS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
Rogers Sugar Inc (TSE:RSI) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday
Sequential Brands Group, Inc. (SQBG) Raised to Buy at ValuEngine
Spectris plc (LON:SXS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC
Domtar Corporation (UFS) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine
Owens-Illinois, Inc. (OI) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine
Cerulean Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:DARE) Raised to Hold at ValuEngine
IMPINJ Inc (NYSE:PI) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank Of Canada
Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NORD) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
CarMax Inc (KMX) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine
Energizer Holdings’ (NYSE:EPC) Hold Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG
Apache Corporation (APA) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Company
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
FBR & Co Weighs in on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SNA)
Jefferies Group Research Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS)
FBR & Co Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI)




 


AXT Inc (NASDAQ:AXTI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday

					Posted by Tristan Rich on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




AXT Inc (NASDAQ:AXTI) is set to announce its earnings results after the market closes  on Wednesday, July 26th. Analysts expect the company to announce earnings of $0.05 per share for the quarter. 
AXT (NASDAQ:AXTI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The semiconductor company reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.01. AXT had a net margin of 7.52% and a return on equity of 4.37%. The firm had revenue of $20.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $18.45 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts expect AXT to post $0.19 EPS for the current fiscal year and $0.31 EPS for the next fiscal year. 


 Get AXT Inc alerts:



Shares of AXT Inc (NASDAQ AXTI) opened at 7.40 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $283.09 million, a P/E ratio of 39.78 and a beta of 1.01. AXT Inc has a 1-year low of $3.36 and a 1-year high of $8.65. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.67 and its 200-day moving average is $6.42. 




In other AXT news, VP Robert G. Ochrym sold 7,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $6.93, for a total transaction of $51,975.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 39,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $270,270. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Leonard J. Leblanc sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.27, for a total value of $36,350.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 149,134 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,084,204.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 6.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/axt-inc-nasdaqaxti-scheduled-to-post-quarterly-earnings-on-wednesday.html. 
A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on AXTI shares. Dougherty & Co  restated a “buy” rating on shares of AXT in a research note on Saturday, June 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded AXT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $7.75 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, May 23rd. BWS Financial initiated coverage on AXT in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They set a “buy” rating and a $10.00 price objective on the stock. B. Riley upgraded AXT from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC increased their price objective on AXT from $8.50 to $9.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $8.13.
About AXT
AXT, Inc (AXT) is a developer and producer of compound and single element semiconductor substrates, also known as wafers. The dominant substrates used in producing semiconductor chips and other electronic circuits are made from silicon. The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and distribution of compound semiconductor substrates and sale of materials.







Receive News & Ratings for AXT Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AXT Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


















































































Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) Upgraded at BidaskClub - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Tyson Foods Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Univar Inc. (UNVR) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

UGI Corporation (UGI) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE:UNP) Receives Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus					

Tupperware Brands Corporation (NYSE:TUP) Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Visteon Corporation (VC) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

Visa’s (NYSE:V) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc.					

United Rentals, Inc. (NYSE:URI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Research Coverage Started at Cantor Fitzgerald					

BidaskClub Lowers Vedanta  Limited (NYSE:VEDL) to Hold					

Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (EBMT) Lowered to D at TheStreet					

Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSII) Rating Lowered to C at TheStreet					

MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Rating Increased to B- at TheStreet					

Live Oak Bancshares, Inc. (LOB) Upgraded to “B-” at TheStreet					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (NYSE:ATW) to Hold					

BidaskClub Lowers Astrazeneca PLC (NYSE:AZN) to Sell					

Cowen and Company Reiterates Outperform Rating for Boeing Company (The) (BA)					

Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Ares Management L.P. (NYSE:ARES) Upgraded to “Hold” by BidaskClub					

Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Aon PLC (NYSE:AON)					

A10 Networks, Inc. (ATEN) Cut to “Sell” at BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










BidaskClub upgraded shares of Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday.
TSN has been the subject of a number of other reports. BMO Capital Markets  reissued a buy rating and set a $75.00 price target on shares of Tyson Foods in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Tyson Foods from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $66.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Mizuho assumed coverage on shares of Tyson Foods in a research report on Wednesday, June 7th. They set a buy rating and a $71.00 price target for the company. Barclays PLC assumed coverage on shares of Tyson Foods in a research report on Tuesday, June 6th. They set an overweight rating and a $70.00 price target for the company. Finally, Pivotal Research  reissued a sell rating and set a $40.00 price target on shares of Tyson Foods in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned  a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Tyson Foods  has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $69.04.
Shares of Tyson Foods (TSN) opened at 61.88 on Wednesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $60.96 and a 200-day moving average of $62.01. The firm has a market cap of $22.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.93 and a beta of 0.25. Tyson Foods has a 12-month low of $55.72 and a 12-month high of $77.05. 




Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $1.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.05. Tyson Foods had a net margin of 4.91% and a return on equity of 18.55%. The business had revenue of $9.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.07 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.07 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down .9% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Tyson Foods will post $5.03 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally  published by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/tyson-foods-inc-nysetsn-upgraded-at-bidaskclub/1456188.html. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a $0.225 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.45%. Tyson Foods’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 18.79%. 
Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in TSN. Alpha Windward LLC raised its stake in shares of  Tyson Foods by 6.3% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 8,092 shares of the company’s stock worth $499,000 after buying an additional 480 shares in the last quarter.  Horrell Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Tyson Foods by 0.4% in the first quarter. Horrell Capital Management Inc. now owns 27,260 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,682,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter.  Regentatlantic Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of  Tyson Foods by 3.0% in the first quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 111,916 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,906,000 after buying an additional 3,224 shares in the last quarter.  National Pension Service raised its stake in shares of  Tyson Foods by 7.1% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 265,039 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,337,000 after buying an additional 17,455 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Gulf International Bank UK Ltd raised its stake in shares of  Tyson Foods by 25.3% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 5,951 shares of the company’s stock worth $367,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  71.59% of the company’s stock. 
Tyson Foods Company Profile
Tyson Foods, Inc is a food company, which is engaged in offering chicken, beef and pork, as well as prepared foods. The Company offers food products under Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Sara Lee, Ball Park, Wright, Aidells and State Fair brands. The Company operates through four segments: Chicken, Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods.



Receive News & Ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Hanz Christensen 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 












































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































