

Polar Capital LLP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:11 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Polar Capital LLP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Polar Capital LLP is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to corporations and professional investors. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It launches and manages equity and balanced mutual funds. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm primarily employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. It was founded in 2005 and is based in Greater London, United Kingdom. Polar Capital LLP operates as a subsidiary of Polar Capital Holdings plc.


16 Palace StreetLondon,  SW1E 5JDUnited KingdomFounded in 2005



Phone: 44 20 7227 2700

Fax: 44 20 7227 2799








Key Executives for Polar Capital LLP




Mr. Timothy John Woolley


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. John Bradbury Mansell


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Ben Rogoff


      	Director of Technology and Fund Manager
      








Ms. Boura Kym Tomlinson


      	Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. William Felix Calvert


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Polar Capital LLP Key Developments

Polar Capital Announces Management Changes
Jul 20 17
Polar Capital announced that Gavin Rochussen has joined Polar Capital as CEO. He succeeds Tim Woolley, who has moved to a non-executive position. Rochussen was previously group CEO at JO Hambro Capital Management. Between 2003 and 2008 he was CEO of wealth management firm Fleming Family & Partners.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Polar Capital LLP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 







Ming Xian Kemp - Portfolio Manager at Polar Capital LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ming Xian Kemp
Portfolio Manager at Polar Capital LLP



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History 


Ming Xian Kemp
Portfolio Manager at Polar Capital LLP



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 162 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Investment Adviser
March 27, 2017





                        Fund Review: Fall in headline dividends masks EM promise                    





Investment Adviser
September 1, 2014





                        Fund Review: Polar Capital Emerging Markets Income                    





Investment Adviser
September 1, 2014





                        Fund Review: Emerging market income                    







 Relationships
              See Details




William Felix Calvert

Portfolio Manager at Polar Capital LLP




Neil John Denman

Portfolio Manager at Polar Capital LLP





Brian Jonathan David Ashford-Russell

Founder at Polar Capital Holdings Plc




John Mansell

Chief Operating Officer at Polar Capital LLP





Boura Tomlinson

Chief Compliance Officer at Polar Capital LLP




Alec Neil Foster

Partner at Polar Capital LLP





James Richard Salter

Head, Japanese Equities at Polar Capital LLP




Robert Steven Gurner

Head of European Equities at Polar Capital LLP





Timothy John Woolley

Co-Founder at Polar Capital LLP




Nicholas James Martin

Portfolio Manager at Polar Capital LLP







See 152 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 152 More 


 


 Paths to Ming Xian Kemp



            Ming Xian Kemp          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ming Xian Kemp






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ming Xian Kemp.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Portfolio Manager

                                    Current                


Polar Capital LLP


                  Polar Capital is a specialist, research-driven manager which performs rigorous fundamental analysis, aiming to provide differentiated risk-adjusted returns over the long term through their long-only and alternative  funds which are diversified by asset class, geography and sector.The firm selects stocks based on their potential for returns and focuses on management quality, new growth markets, the globalization of major technology trends, exploiting international valuation anomalies and sector volatility.                




Portfolio Manager

                                    2009 - 2010                


AXA Investment Managers (UK) Ltd.


                  AXA IM-UK is an active, multi-specialist manager which has expertise in global fixed-income, pan-European and global equities, structured products, private equity, real estate and multi-management.The firm focuses on investment areas where they have a competitive edge within each asset class.  They are organized in small investment teams dedicated to a specific instrument, sector, region or strategy. Each team is supported by a shared pool of fundamental research resources and empowered to make investment decisions.AXA IM-UK's research is organized along investment strategy, equity and fixed-income and is supported by proprietary quantitative resources and an extensive company visit program.                





 Other Affiliations




              Ming Xian Kemp is affiliated with
                            Polar Capital LLP, AXA Investment Managers (UK) Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 







Polar Capital LLP :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Polar Capital LLP


 News & Case Alert  on Polar Capital LLP



Financial » Asset Management » Polar Capital LLP






Menu options for Polar Capital LLP 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (0)

No results

Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Polar Capital LLP | EQ Investors


































































HomeInvesting with EQFund GroupsPolar Capital LLP








 
Polar Capital LLP

Polar Capital is a specialist investment management company founded in 2001. Since then, it has steadily grown and currently supports 12 investment teams managing 24 funds and five managed accounts across a range of long-only and alternative products, with combined AUM of £8.4 billion (as of 31/12/2016).






Manages these EQ rated funds


Fund
EQ model portfolios holding this fund



Polar Capital BiotechnologyBest Ideas – BalancedBest Ideas – Balanced PlusBest Ideas – AdventurousBest Ideas – Adventurous PlusBest Ideas – High OctanePositive Impact – CautiousPositive Impact – Cautious PlusPositive Impact – BalancedPositive Impact – Balanced PlusPositive Impact – AdventurousPositive Impact – Adventurous PlusPositive Impact – High OctaneSee all our rated funds 



Investing with EQ
      EQ offers a choice of investment strategies. We use these strategies to build and manage individual portfolios of investments for our clients:


Best Ideas
        Our signature portfolios invest in the very best ideas unearthed by our research team, unconstrained across all asset types. Learn more


Low Cost
        The name says it all. These portfolios invest mainly in low cost funds that track the performance of stockmarket indices. Learn more


Positive Impact
        Not just good investments, but investments that do good. These portfolios are carefully screened for social and environmental impact. Learn more


Income
These portfolios have been designed for those investors who have begun to withdraw fundfs from their portfolios. Learn more







How can we help you? 
Plan your finances
Simple low cost investing
Impact investing
View all EQ rated funds




Our current views 


UK
            Despite the resilience of the UK economy since the EU referendum we are concerned about the implications of rising inflation on consumption and political uncertainty. ...more 

 





×





UK
Despite the resilience of the UK economy since the EU referendum we are concerned about the implications of rising inflation on consumption and political uncertainty.
                    The UK economy remained resilient after the Brexit referendum vote, but data is now becoming less positive. We are concerned that rising inflation will reduce consumers’ ability to spend. In addition, the government’s position has been weakened after losing their majority which can only add to uncertainty going into the Brexit negotiations. We expect this to continue to weigh on business investment. While valuations remain reasonable and momentum is strong, we remain cautious and are not adding to our UK exposure.
 








Cash
            We are holding higher levels of cash than normal. ...more 

 





×





Cash
We are holding higher levels of cash than normal.
                    Our analysis shows many developed world equities and bonds to be expensive versus history. Investor sentiment has improved substantially since the US election with commodity prices and inflation both rising. But we believe this sentiment could reverse sharply which would have a negative impact on equities. As a result, we feel it is prudent to maintain a higher than average level of cash.                








Commodities
            We have limited exposure to energy equities. ...more 

 





×





Commodities
We have limited exposure to energy equities.
                    Industrial metals and energy performed very well over the past year, as the oil market recovered and China extended their fiscal stimulus. But these forces appear to be reversing with the US producing more oil than a year ago and China tightening both monetary and fiscal policy. Oil is now down significantly from its January peak and there is little to suggest that this will reverse. Overall, we do not feel positive about commodities. We do not hold either gold or silver in our model portfolios. As these assets can benefit from high uncertainty and political shocks we may include them in our Bespoke clients’ portfolios on a case by case basis.                








Property
            Our view on property is now neutral. ...more 

 





×





Property
Our view on property is now neutral.
                    We are now neutral on property, a slight improvement on our previously negative view. Although we have concerns about the trajectory of the UK economy, the yield on property is attractive relative to other asset classes.                








Alternatives
            We are overweight alternatives, mainly due to our negative views on other asset classes. ...more 

 





×





Alternatives
We are overweight alternatives, mainly due to our negative views on other asset classes.
                    We see risks to many equity and bond markets, and could even envisage a situation where both move down together. Given these concerns, we’re maintaining a higher allocation to alternatives, which typically exhibit a low correlation to conventional asset classes.                








Bonds
            We still hold a slightly negative view on government bonds, and remain mildly positive on high yield bonds. ...more 

 





×





Bonds
We still hold a slightly negative view on government bonds, and remain mildly positive on high yield bonds.
Government bonds
Government bond yields increased sharply after Donald Trump’s election, rising on expectations of fiscal stimulus, deregulation and increasing US growth. However, markets are now taking a dimmer view after his first few months in power, and we have a reversal with yields falling sharply and prices rising. We have slightly increased our allocations, but our overall view is still negative.


Corporate bonds
High yield bonds offer both greater yields than government bonds and a lower sensitivity to interest rates. We see both high yield and investment grade as expensive versus history, but remain slightly positive on both as in a world of low returns their yields are attractive. We marginally prefer high yield due to the higher yield and lower sensitivity to interest rates and our allocations remain unchanged.                








Europe
            While political risks are present, the improvement in growth, reasonable valuations and light positioning are hard to ignore.  ...more 

 





×





Europe
While political risks are present, the improvement in growth, reasonable valuations and light positioning are hard to ignore. 
                    Investors substantially reduced their allocations to European equities over the last few years as the European recovery lagged that of other developed markets. This now appears to be reversing with improving economic growth and corporate earnings drawing money back in to the region. Emmanuel Macron supported this narrative by winning the presidential and parliamentary elections in France, a big pro-EU vote. These elections had caused significant anxiety so this gave a real boost to investor sentiment towards Europe. However, political risks may continue to present concerns, we have German elections this summer and Italian elections are likely in 2018. Assuming political stability remains, European equities look to be well positioned for growth. We have increased our European exposure – our most significant shift this quarter.

 








North America
            US equities have performed strongly in the wake of Trump’s victory, but investors are now looking for actions to justify the optimism.  ...more 

 





×





North America
US equities have performed strongly in the wake of Trump’s victory, but investors are now looking for actions to justify the optimism. 
                    US equities performed strongly in the wake of Trump’s victory, in anticipation of pro-growth policies and deregulation. However, these policy promises have not yet materialised and investors are growing frustrated at a lack of action. As such, we’ve seen many of the ‘Trump Trades’ fall away over recent months. If Trump fails to deliver and sentiment continues to fall, we could see a variety of US equity sectors underperform. So, in spite of strong US growth, we have a neutral view on US equities and have slightly reduced our allocations.                








Japan
            We have a positive view on Japanese equities. ...more 

 





×





Japan
We have a positive view on Japanese equities.
                    We maintain a positive view on Japan due to strong momentum (momentum refers to the current market trend – an important indicator of future performance). There are signs of economic recovery in the form of wage increases and higher credit demand. This, alongside attractive valuations, drives our moderately positive view on Japanese equities.                








Emerging Markets
            We are cautious about the commodity reliance of particular Latin American economies so are reducing our exposure towards neutral.  ...more 

 





×





Emerging Markets
We are cautious about the commodity reliance of particular Latin American economies so are reducing our exposure towards neutral. 
                    We are cautious about the commodity reliance of particular Latin American economies so have reduced out exposure to neutral.                 








Asia Pacific
            Reasonable global growth and steady US rate hikes create a good climate for Asian equities. ...more 

 





×





Asia Pacific
Reasonable global growth and steady US rate hikes create a good climate for Asian equities.
                    Asian equities have performed well since Trump’s election, buoyed by improved global growth, steady US rate hikes and stability in China. This is a marked improvement from a few months earlier, when investors were concerned Asian economies would buckle under the weight of US rate hikes and protectionism. We view this period as confirmation that Asian equities can perform well in the current market, and are maintaining our exposure.

 





 





 



×



Book a callback
Let us call you back at a convenient time - we're available Monday-Friday, 9am-5:30pm:
Fields marked * are required

















Title *
 ---MrMsMrsMissDrSirLady


First name *
 


Surname *
 
Email address *
 
Phone number *
 




Preferred day
 todaytomorrowon Mondayon Tuesdayon Wednesdayon Thursdayon Friday


Preferred time
 as soon as possible9am10am11am12pm1pm2pm3pm4pm5pm


Comments
 



 




×



Register for downloads
Thanks for your interest. To access downloads on our site, please fill in your contact details below. We won't share your details with anyone.
We may be in touch from time to time to let you know about other EQ services and publications. You can choose to opt out at any time.
* All fields are required















Title *
 ---MrMsMrsMissDrSirLady


First name *
 


Surname *

Email address *

Phone number *




 





×



Email us
Let us know how we can help, and we'll get back to you as soon as possible:
Fields marked * are required

















Title *
 ---MrMsMrsMissDrSirLady


First name *
 


Surname *
 
Email address *
 
Phone number *
 


Your message *
 



 




×



Book a free consultation
Let us know when you would like to meet. Our office hours are Monday-Friday, 9am-5:30pm:
Fields marked * are required

















Title *
 ---MrMsMrsMissDrSirLady


First name *
 


Surname *
 
Email address *
 
Phone number *
 
Location *
 ---OfficeTelephone




Preferred date
 


Preferred time
 ---9am10am11am12noon1pm2pm3pm4pm5pm


Comments
 



 




×












Send Daniel a message about EQ Bespoke services and he'll get back to you
Your Name*
Your Email*
Your number
Interested inInvestingAdviceI just want a chat
Contact me byEmailPhone
Call meN/AASAPin the morningduring lunchin the afternoon
Message










				





* = required

 





×












Send Hayley a message about EQ Business services and she'll get back to you
Your Name*
Your Email*
Your number
Interested inAuto-enrolmentFinancial education for staffI just want a chat
Contact me byEmailPhone
Call meN/AASAPin the morningduring lunchin the afternoon
Message










				





* = required

 





×












To access this download please tell us a little about yourself. You'll only have to do this once and we will never pass this information to third parties unless required by law. We may send you further information about our services but if at any time you prefer not to receive these just let us know. 
Your Name*
Your Email*
Phone number*


* = required

 











We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Continue to use the site as normal if you are happy with this.OK


Mr Robert Gurner, Polar Capital LLP | Ex-Director Profile & Information | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  Mr Robert GurnerAdd to ListKey InformationDirectorshipsNewsMapLongest Standing Directorship (1 year, 10 months)Polar Capital LLP  Previous Directorships
✓ Show all ✓ Show open, closed & retired ✓ Show open ✓ Show retired ✓ Show closed ✓ Show directories & secretaries ✓ Show directors ✓ Show secretaries ✓ Show trading & non-trading ✓ Show trading ✓ Show non-trading Company & FunctionStatusPolar Capital LLPOC314700 (Active)LLP Member
          31 Oct 2005          —
          31 Aug 2007
                                (1 year, 10 months)
                            RetiredDirectorship OverviewStatusFunctionCompany Status
          Hover over the chart bars for information
    
                    Never stay in the dark
            
                    See in-depth financials, credit and risk information. Track your key clients or suppliers and receive up-to-date alerts.
            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×

	
Polar Capital


















































        You are logged in as |LOG
            OUT | CONTACT US



Contact us



Logged in as:
                    

LOG OUT 




Contact us



LOGIN 

Register








 About Polar Capital









Who We Are


Group Strategy













            CONTACT US
            



General Enquiries


Investor Relations


Investor Relations - North America


UK Sales


International Sales










 Polar Capital Funds







            HEDGE FUNDS
            



European Conviction


European Forager


Latest Fact Sheets


Tax and Reporting














            UCITS Funds
            



Asian Opportunities


Biotechnology


Emerging Markets Growth


Emerging Markets Income


European ex-UK Income


European Income


Financial Opportunities


Global Alpha














             
            



Global Convertible


Global Insurance


Global Technology


Healthcare Blue Chip


Healthcare Opportunities


Income Opportunities


Japan


Japan Alpha














             
            



North American


UK Absolute Equity


UK Value Opportunities













            UCITS Resources
            



KIID


Latest Fact Sheet










 Polar CapitalInvestment Trusts












Polar Capital is the investment manager for three investment trusts:
Polar Capital Technology Trust plc
Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc
Polar Capital Global Financials Trust plc




 Corporate Information









Welcome and News


Board of Directors


Share Price Information


Share Price Performance / Graph


Corporate Calendar and AGM


Stock Exchange Announcements


Document Library


Corporate Advisers


AIM Rule 26 Company Information
























 













Polar Capital Holdings plc is a research driven investment management company providing a highly entrepreneurial environment foroutstanding portfolio managers within a structure that offersa level of marketing, administrative and operational supportnormally found in much larger organisations.
Polar Capital offers professional and institutional investors a range of geographical and sector funds in both long only and absolute return strategies. Our funds are characterised by a fundamental research-driven approach and an adherence to careful capacity management.

Polar Capital is the investment manager for three investment trusts:

Polar Capital Technology Trust plc (PCT)
Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (PCGH)
Polar Capital Global Financials Trust plc (PCFT)


Polar Capital Holdings plc is a specialist investment management company traded on AIM in London. Founded in 2001, Polar Capitalcurrently has 12 investment teams managing 24 funds and four managedaccounts across a range of long-only and alternative products,with combined assets under management of £10.0bn as at 30 June 2017.














                    FRAUD ALERT                    
                


Investment Trust Fraud Alerts
PCT  |  PCGH  |  PCFT




             
             
             

All photography ©
                    Martin Hartley







                Email: investor-relations@polarcapital.co.uk
| Tel: +44 (0) 20 7227 2700 | 
                    Privacy Policy|Employee Login

© 2017 Polar Capital. All Rights Reserved. 
                | Site by HSL















	About Polar Capital - Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc









































HOMEOVERVIEWINTRODUCTION TO THE TRUSTKEY FACTSINVESTMENT POLICYINVESTMENT TRUST TEAMABOUT POLAR CAPITALTRUST LITERATURE AND SHARE PRICE INFORMATIONSHARE PRICE INFORMATIONSHARE PRICE PERFORMANCEPORTFOLIO ANALYSISMONTHLY COMMENTARYTRUST UPDATESDOCUMENT LIBRARYINVESTING IN THE TRUSTNEW TO INVESTINGHOW TO INVESTFAQUSEFUL LINKSACCESS TO PCGH VIA PLATFORMSCORPORATE INFORMATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSCORPORATE GOVERNANCECONTACT INFORMATIONRNS ANNOUNCEMENTSWARNING TO SHAREHOLDERSDOCUMENT LIBRARY












About Polar Capital
Who We Are
Polar Capital is a specialist investment management company offering professional and institutional investors a range of fundamentally research-driven funds diversified by asset class, geographical and sectoral specialisation. Since its foundation in 2001, it has steadily grown and currently supports 12 investment teams managing 24 funds and four managed accounts across a range of long-only and alternative products, with combined AUM of £10.0billion.¹
Consistent with Polar Capital’s founding strategy of fostering an equity culture amongst its employees and providing high levels of transparency to clients, 33% of the equity is currently held by Directors, founders and employees. Polar Capital Holdings plc has one key corporate investor: Caledonia Investments plc, a London listed investment trust with a notable track record of backing emerging companies in the financial sector, owns 9%.¹
Polar Capital is principally located in London and maintains offices with investment staff in Tokyo, Connecticut, Jersey, Geneva and Edinburgh.
Polar Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and registered as an investment adviser with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
1. All data as at 30 June 2017
Group Strategy
Polar Capital’s goal is to become a leading specialist fund management company through a strategy of delivering to professional and institutional investors a range of fundamentally-driven investment products that deliver differentiated risk-adjusted returns over the long term. Our core philosophy is to focus on investment performance over and above the gathering of assets. We believe there is an alignment of interest between the investment managers we recruit, their focus on delivering superior returns and the interests of professional and institutional clients who are seeking differentiated investment products.
In addition to providing clients with superior investment products, we place great emphasis on providing high levels of customer service, operational integrity, independent risk control and compliance supervision. We believe such a combination will increasingly differentiate us in the marketplace and deliver attractive levels of long-term earnings and dividend growth to our shareholders.
We place great emphasis on providing and maintaining an entrepreneurial, vibrant, collegiate and transparent environment for our fund managers and our employees. We believe this will become an increasingly important factor in the attraction and retention of talented people.
Polar Capital will continue to maintain a strong and healthy balance sheet providing our clients with added comfort during turbulent times.





FACT SHEET
Click the link below to download this month's fact sheet:
DOWNLOAD



LATEST ANNOUNCEMENTS& PUBLICATIONS


2017 Half Year Report
31 Mar 2017
Shareholder proposition
Sector exposure summary
31 May 2017







INTRODUCTION TO THE TRUSTKEY FACTSINVESTMENT POLICYINVESTMENT TRUST TEAMABOUT POLAR CAPITAL

DOCUMENT LIBRARY












Fraud Alert
Terms and Conditions
Site Feedback
Privacy Policy
Contact Us






© 2017 . All Rights Reserved . 
View desktop version . 
Login









                            Important Legal Information
                        


Launched in 2010, Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (“PCGH”) has grown to become a leading European investor with a multi-cycle track record. Managed by a team of dedicated healthcare specialists, the PCGH aims to maximise long-term capital growth by investing in a diversified portfolio of healthcare companies from around the world. The managers’ core belief in rigorous fundamental analysis, and being unconstrained by not following a benchmark, enables PCGH to deliver global equity market outperformance through exposure to a universe of over 3,000 companies.
By clicking on the buttons below, you are confirming that you are viewing this website from the UK and agree to the terms and conditions detailed below.



                                    Private Investor
                                
                                    Professional Investor
                                

Remember this choice for 30 days




The information contained within this website is issued by Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (“PCGH”) and its wholly owned subsidiary PCGH ZDP PLC and is provided for reference purposes only. Nothing herein is intended to be construed as an offer, invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity, or investment advice or recommendation, in relation to the shares of PCGH or its subsidiary, and should not be relied upon as such by any person. Prospective investors should take advice from their financial or other professional advisers before making any investment decision.
The information contained within this website is intended to be used for reference purposes only by persons in the UK. Nothing on this website is directed at any person outside the UK where the publication or availability of such information is prohibited or restricted. In particular, the information contained within this website is not intended for, and must not be accessed by or distributed or disseminated to, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, persons resident or physically present in the United States of America, including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia (together, the "United States"), Canada, Australia or Japan, and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire, any securities PCGH in the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan.  PCGH is an Alternative Investment Fund (“AIF”) under the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 2011/61/EU (“AIFMD”) managed by Polar Capital LLP the appointed Alternative Investment Fund Manager (“AIFM”). Polar Capital LLP is also the AIFM for PCGH ZDP PLC which is an AIF in its own right.  In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a “Member State”) which has implemented the AIFMD, shares may only be offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that a fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD or as the shares may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). As at the date of this document, neither PCGH nor PCGH ZDP PLC have been approved, notified or registered in accordance with the AIFMD for marketing to professional investors in any member state of the EEA.
Neither the securities of PCGH nor the securities of PCGH ZDP PLC referred to on this website (the "Securities") have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Neither PCGH nor PCGH ZDP PLC will be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and investors in the Securities will not be entitled to the protections of that Act.
PCGH and PCGH ZDP PLC are managed by Polar Capital LLP; Polar Capital LLP is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any information contained within this website.
If you are unsure about the meaning of any information provided on this website, please consult your financial or other professional adviser. Neither PCGH nor PCGH ZDP PLC can offer investment advice.
General Risk Warning
Please remember that past performance of an investment is not necessarily a guide to future performance. The value of an investment and the income from it can fall as well as rise as a result of market and currency fluctuations and you may not get back the amount originally invested. The market value of the shares of PCGH and the shares of PCGH ZDP PLC may not reflect the underlying net asset value of the investments held by PCGH.
PCGH is able to borrow to raise further funds for investment purposes if the fund manager and the board of directors consider that it may be commercially advantageous to do so. This is generally described as “gearing”. An investment trust which has made investments as a result of gearing may have a more volatile share price as a result; gearing can increase shareholder returns in rising markets but conversely can increase the extent to which the value of the funds attributable to shareholders decreases in falling markets.
Tax assumptions may change if the law changes, and the value of tax relief (if any) will depend upon your individual circumstances. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in order to understand any applicable tax consequences.
The shares of investment trusts may trade at a discount or a premium to Net Asset Value for a variety of reasons including market sentiment and market conditions.  On a sale you could realise less than the Net Asset Value and less than you initially invested.
Disclaimer
PCGH and PCGH ZDP PLC  believe that the information displayed on this website is accurate as at the date of publication, but do not guarantee the accuracy or correctness or timeliness of any information and disclaim all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation. Further, the information displayed may be amended at any time and without notice. By continuing to use this website, you agree to this exclusion to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, of any and all liability for any direct, indirect, punitive, consequential, incidental, special or other damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, revenue or data arising out of or relating to your use of and our provision of this website and its content. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of this website, or of its contents, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this website.
PRIVACY POLICY
You may visit this website without providing any personal information about yourself. Our servers may collect and hold domain name information of visitors to this website but this information is held only for the period that you are using the website and will be used on an anonymous, aggregated basis only for the purposes of measuring the use of and to improve the content of this website.
“Cookies” are used to process and record information concerning your visit to and use of the Website and identify you when you visit the Website and to enhance your experience of the Website. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that your internet browser places on your computer’s hard drive. “Cookies” may be used for remembering user names and preferences, tracking click streams and in the future for presenting users with personalised versions of the Website. You have the option of setting your browser to block “cookies”. Please refer to the "help" function of your internet browser for instructions. In some cases blocking “cookies” may reduce the functionality of the Website or prevent access to it depending on your chosen internet browser options. If you continue without changing your settings, it will be assumed that you are happy to receive all cookies on the website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Any personal information which you communicate to Polar Capital, for example your name or email address which you may provide if you contact Polar Capital by email, will be held and processed in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 and will be used only for the purposes of dealing with and responding to any such communication or fulfilling any other obligation which Polar Capital owes to you. If you have any questions in relation to the information Polar Capital hold about you or use of that information, please feel free to contact your Polar Capital representative. You have the right at any time to request a copy of the personal information which Polar Capital holds about you (subject to payment of a small administrative fee) and to correct any inaccuracies.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. You will be advised within this website of the last date on which any updates have been made. If you choose to bookmark pages within this website for future use, you agree that it is your responsibility to check whether any updates have been made since you last visited this website.
This website contains links to websites operated by third parties. We are not responsible for and make no representation or warranty as to the privacy practices of those third parties.
By accepting these terms and continuing to use this website you agree that any personal data you may supply to Polar Capital may be held and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of this site is subject to our site disclaimer and legal statement.











Polar Capital | Audience Selection





























































            Select your country
        


United Kingdom
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Guernsey
Hong Kong
Ireland
Italy


Jersey
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United States
All other countries





            Select your investor type
        


            Please define your investor type from the selection below. 
        

Professional Investor
Private Investor

Change country



            Terms and Conditions
        


Professional Investor


THIS WEBSITE IS ONLY MADE AVAILABLE TO PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES. 
The content of this website has been prepared by Polar Capital on the basis of information and sources believed to be reliable. 
Under no circumstances should any part of this website be construed as an offering or solicitation of an offer. Any investment in the products of this site should only be made on the basis of an Offering Memorandum or Prospectus. Polar Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
1. Not for U.S. Persons
The provision of the information in this web site does not constitute an offer of securities to any person in the United States or to any U.S. Person as defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained in this site about Polar Capital and/or any of its affiliates is not directed to any person in the United States. Funds referred to herein are neither registered under the Securities Act 1933 of the USA, nor are they registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Consequently, they cannot be offered for sale or be sold in the USA, its territories, possessions or protectorates under its jurisdiction, nor to nationals, citizens or residents in any of those areas. 
No investments or services mentioned on this website are directed at US Persons who are not Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties as defined by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook or Qualified Purchasers as defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The information contained herein does not constitute a distribution, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction in which such distribution or offer is not authorised.
2. Terms and Conditions of Use
IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICE
THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE ("TERMS OF USE") APPLY TO YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE POLAR CAPITAL WEBSITE (THE “WEBSITE”). EACH TIME YOU ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH, AND BE BOUND BY, THE TERMS OF USE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE MAY RELY UPON YOUR AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AND IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ANY TERMS OR CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE. 
3. Information on the Website
Except where stated otherwise, the information, content and services on this Website (the “Information”) are provided by Polar Capital (referred to as "we" and "us") as at the date indicated on the relevant material. 
The Information is provided for personal use and information purposes only. The Information does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of any particular person and is not general advice to any class of persons. Therefore, you should not rely on the Information and should obtain relevant and specific professional advice in making any investment decision. 
Furthermore, nothing on this Website constitutes or should be construed to constitute 

(i) an offer, advice, invitation or solicitation from us or our affiliates to buy or sell any investments or securities, futures, options or other financial instruments; 
 (ii) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or 
 (iii) investment advice or recommendation. 

4. Stock Exchange Prices and Exchange Rates
The prices/values shown on this Website in relation to different underlying securities are based on the prices notified to Polar Capital by third parties as the last sale price of the relevant securities on the stock exchange on which they are traded as at the time and date shown. Those figures may vary throughout the course of, and between, stock exchange trading days, market trading times and business days in general. Polar Capital has not verified the figures with the relevant stock exchange and you should verify the accuracy of those figures separately before relying on them. 
5. Permitted Users of the Website
The laws and regulations of the country from which you access this Website may include restrictions on the distribution of the Information. This Website is not directed at or intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction’s applicable securities laws, person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution, publication, availability or use of this Website or any part of its contents would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject Polar Capital or its affiliates to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorised to enter the Website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of this Website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws regarding use of the Information on this Website. Persons or entities in respect of whom such restrictions apply must not access the relevant pages on this Website. 
The Information displayed on this Website contains material that may be interpreted by the relevant authorities in the country where you are viewing this Website as a financial promotion or an offer to purchase securities. Accordingly, if you reside in any such country or fall within the scope of any law that seeks to regulate financial promotions in the country of your residence or in the country in which you are viewing this Website, please cease accessing or using this Website immediately. 
Certain materials on this Website have been created specifically for certain jurisdictions and as such it is your responsibility to ensure you navigate to the correct prepared material. Polar Capital will not be responsible to you for your access to any material incorrect for the jurisdiction that you require. 
If you are uncertain about your position under the laws of the country in which you are viewing this Website, then you should seek clarification by obtaining legal advice from a lawyer practicing in the country of your residence or in the country in which you are viewing this Website before accessing this Website. 
You may not use any part of the material or Information on this Website to establish, maintain or provide or assist in establishing, maintaining or providing a stock market for trading in securities. 
Shares listed on this website have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred directly or indirectly to any United States citizen or resident or to any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity chartered or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction in the United States of America, its territories or possessions. 
6. Investment Performance and Accuracy of Information
The Site contains material about the past performance of the Funds. The value of an investment in a Fund may go up as well down so that an investor's investment in a Fund, when redeemed, may be more or less than the original investment amount. By its nature, investment in a Fund managed by Polar Capital is only suitable for sophisticated investors who do not require immediate liquidity for their investment, for whom an investment in a Fund does not constitute a complete investment programme and who fully understand and are willing to assume the high risk involved in the investment programme of a Fund. THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF ANY INVESTMENT, INVESTMENT STRATEGY OR INVESTMENT STYLE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 
Whilst the information contained on the Website has been given in good faith and every effort has been made to ensure its accuracy, the Information may not be complete or accurate for your purposes. This Website and the Information is provided on an "as is" basis and Polar Capital Partners may not, and has no obligation to, update the Information or correct any inaccuracy which subsequently becomes apparent. The Information and/or opinions and estimates comprised in the Information may be changed or withdrawn without notice and may become outdated. You, therefore, should verify any information or other material obtained from this Website before you use it. 
POLAR CAPITAL, ITS RELATED BODIES CORPORATE, THE DIRECTORS OR OFFICERS OF THOSE ENTITIES, OR THEIR AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BY WAY OF EXAMPLE BUT NOT LIMITATION AS TO RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE OR ON ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE. 
IN ADDITION, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE WEBSITE AVAILABLE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, OR FREE FROM INFECTION, VIRUSES, WORMS OR ANY OTHER HARMFUL CODE WHICH MAY HAVE CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES. YOU ARE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING PROTECTIVE STEPS TO BE TAKEN SUCH AS VIRUS CHECKING. 
The Information is assembled from material prepared by Polar Capital or its agents but may not include Information made known to Polar Capital officers (or agents) subsequent to the date of publication of the Information indicated on the Website. If you use the Information, you do so at your own risk. Please recognise that the previous performance of securities or other instruments does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
7. Exclusion of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, POLAR CAPITAL, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS OR AGENTS ACCEPT NO LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, COSTS OR EXPENSES INCURRED OR SUFFERED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR DUE TO NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS TO, USE OF, RELIANCE ON, OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE, WHETHER DUE TO INACCURACY, ERROR, OMISSION OR ANY OTHER CAUSE AND WHETHER ON THE PART OF US, OUR SERVANTS, AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PERSON. 
NOTHING IN THE TERMS OF USE EXCLUDES, RESTRICTS OR MODIFIES ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY OR LIABILITY WHICH MAY AT ANY TIME BE IMPLIED BY STATUTE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE LAW WHERE TO DO SO IS ILLEGAL OR WOULD RENDER ANY PROVISION OF AN AGREEMENT VOID. 
8. Third Party Websites
We may provide, on our Website, links to websites operated by third parties as a convenience to you. If you use these other sites, you will leave this Website. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. 
Polar Capital makes no representations, warranties or guarantees of any kind about any of the content of any other website which you may access by hypertext link through this Website. When you access any other website by means of a link from this Website, you should understand that your access to that other website is independent of Polar Capital and Polar Capital has no control over the content of the website, nor does Polar Capital in any way endorse or approve the content of that website. In no event will Polar Capital in any way be liable to you or any other person(s) or organisation(s) for loss or damage (whether direct, indirect, consequential, special or other) for any use of any site linked to it by means of hypertext or otherwise. 
9. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify Polar Capital and its officers, agents and affiliates from and against any claim brought by third parties against Polar Capital Partners and its officers, agents and affiliates as a consequence of your breach of the Terms of Use. Furthermore, if your use of this Website results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment, software or data, you assume all costs thereof. 
10. Intellectual Property Rights and Licence
The copyright, trade mark or any other intellectual property rights in the Website and the Information are owned by or licensed to Polar Capital. You may download or print out a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of this Website provided you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. Any downloading or other copying from this Website will not transfer title to any software or material to you. You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit (by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link to or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of Polar Capital. Any rights not expressly granted in the Terms of Use are reserved. 
11. Operation of the Website
You should be aware that the internet, being an open network, is not secure. If you choose to send any electronic communications by means of this Website, you do so at your own risk. Polar Capital cannot guarantee that such communications will not be intercepted or changed or that they will reach the intended recipient safely. 
12. Privacy
Any personal data relating to you will be collected, used and recorded by us in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 1998 and will comply with relevant legislative changes,, the Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy below. You must read our Privacy Policy as it forms part of the Terms of Use. 
13. Governing Law
The Terms of Use are governed by the laws of England and Wales and the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under them. 
14. Waiver
If you breach the Terms of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach the Terms of Use. 
15. Password Confidentiality
With respect to the private portion of the Website, you must keep your password confidential. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password. You may not disclose your password to any third party. You accept full responsibility for any use of your password. You must notify Polar Capital immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password. We are not obligated to inquire as to the authority or propriety of any use of or action taken under your password. We will not be responsible for any loss to you that arises from such use or action or from your failure to comply with these provisions.
Privacy Policy
Polar Capital is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to its website ("Website"). Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us. 
BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE. 
1. Information That We Collect From You
When you visit our Website, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name and contact details. We may also collect information about your usage of this Website as well as information about you from e-mails, letters or any other correspondence between you and us.
			Polar Capital does not undertake any obligations of non-disclosure or non-use of material received. Accordingly, please do not send any confidential or proprietary material to Polar Capital. 
2. Use of Your Information
Your information may be used for marketing and internal analysis purposes by Polar Capital, its investment manager and their respective affiliates and officers. We may also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can improve and develop our Website. In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our Website and notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the Website. Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know about products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you. 
3. Disclosure of Your Information
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to our staff working outside the UK and third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy and Terms of Use or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information and provide support services on our behalf. Otherwise, Polar Capital will not disclose your personal data to third parties, except where you have given your consent or where Polar Capital is under legal or regulatory obligation to do so. 
4. Cookies
Polar Capital may use “cookies” to process and record information concerning your visit to and use of the Website and identify you when you visit the Website and to enhance your experience of the Website. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that your internet browser places on your computer’s hard drive. “Cookies” may be used for remembering user names and preferences, tracking click streams and in the future for presenting users with personalised versions of the Website. You have the option of setting your browser to block “cookies”. Please refer to the "help" function of your internet browser for instructions. In some cases blocking “cookies” may reduce the functionality of the Website or prevent access to it depending on your chosen internet browser options. 
5. Security and Data Retention
To safeguard the confidentiality of your personal data and information contained in this Website, Polar Capital implements security measures in line with industry standard practices. The web servers are housed behind a secure firewall that prevents access to databases from unauthorised users. All of the servers are housed in a secure environment that is protected by physical security, with limited access to authorised staff only. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires. 
6. Accessing and Updating
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. 
7. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Changes to the Polar Capital privacy policy will be posted on this Website. 
8. Contact
If you have any comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information please contact us at: 

                Polar Capital
                16 Palace Street
                London
                SW1E 5JD
                United Kingdom
                Tel: +44 (0)20 7227 2700
            
Updated and effective as of 10 January 2017


Accept


Change Investor Type




            Information for US Investors
        


                Thank you for your interest in the Polar Capital UCITS fund range. Fund information for US investors is only 
                available to Qualified Purchasers and is password protected. To gain access to the information, please register 
                for access or login using your details below.  
            
Login
Back to login




Email Address







Password




                    Please check your email address and password.     
                 

Forgotten your password?





Register





                     Please enter the email address you used to register for this site. You will be sent an email to reset your password.
                 




Email Address




                         Sorry, we were unable to find a user with that email address.
                     






For assistance please telephone +44 (0) 20 7227 2700 or email investor-relations@polarcapital.co.uk



We have sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password.



Change country




            The information on this site is not available for the country you have selected.
        

Change country



            The information on this site is not available to private investors
        

            Thank you for your interest in the Polar Capital UCITS fund range. We regret to inform you that we 
            are not permitted to discuss specific details of Polar Capital’s UCITS fund range unless you are a 
            Professional Client as defined by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Our website therefore is 
            restricted to Professional Clients only. If you are a shareholder of any Polar Capital funds please 
            contact your financial advisor or platform who will be able to supply you with the information that you require. 
        
Change investor type





















































































































































































































































This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our  cookie policy.
I understand






















Email Address






Password




Please check your email address and password.




Forgot password?
Register





                 Please enter the email address you used to register for this site. You will be sent an email to reset your password.
             




Email Address








                     Sorry, we were unable to find a user with that email address.
                 


For assistance please telephone +44 (0) 20 7227 2700 or email investor-relations@polarcapital.co.uk



We have sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password.
ok














Polar Capital UCITS Funds

Login
Contact Us













        Information for US Investors
    


            Thank you for your interest in the Polar Capital UCITS Fund range. Fund information for US investors is only 
            available to Qualified Purchasers and is password protected. To gain access to the information, please register 
            for access or login using your details below.  
        






Login




Email Address






Password




Please check your email address and password.




Forgot password?
Register




Forgotten password
Back to login


                 Please enter the email address you used to register for this site. You will be sent an email to reset your password.
             




Email Address








                     Sorry, we were unable to find a user with that email address.
                 


For assistance please telephone +44 (0) 20 7227 2700 or email investor-relations@polarcapital.co.uk



We have sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password.













    Polar Capital LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales with registration number OC314700. It is 
    authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and is registered as an investment advisor with the US Securities & 
    Exchange Commission. A list of members is open to inspection at the registered office, 16 Palace Street, London, SW1E 5JD, United Kingdom. 











Site by HSL








    Polar Capital LLP | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Polar Capital LLP
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          85.2M
                                                                                        GBP11.31%
                                          Net Assets
                                          25.2M
                                                                                        GBP8.57%
                                          Return on Capital Employed (%)
                                          294.32
                                                                                        %Debt to Capital (%)
                                          0.53
                                                                                        %DetailsCompany namePolar Capital LLPCompany numberOC314700Legal Entity Identifier4YW3JKTZ3K1II2GVCK15
                                                         Source
                                  Company typeOtherIncorporation date15 Aug 2005Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            15 Aug 2016
                        Next annual returns due
                                29 Aug 2017
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Mar 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                31 Dec 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address16 Palace StreetLondonSW1E 5JDUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
        
    Polar Capital LLP was set up on 15 Aug 2005        has its registered office in London.
                Its current status is listed as "Active".     
                It currently has  30 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were John Bradbury Mansell, Neil Philip Taylor.                        Polar Capital LLP
                                has no subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash18,901,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities135,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets25,176,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets25,311,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        management services
                                    
                                        asset management
                                    
                                        investment
                                    
                                        investment management
                                    Size
                                    Large
                                
                                Turnover
                                (50M
                                to
                                500M)
                            Age
                                    Expansion
                                
                                10-20 years
                            Location
                                    SW1E
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionTo provide investment management services.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address16 Palace StreetLondonSW1E 5JDUnited Kingdom16 Palace StreetLondonSW1E 5JDUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































