

	
Polar Capital


















































        You are logged in as |LOG
            OUT | CONTACT US



Contact us



Logged in as:
                    

LOG OUT 




Contact us



LOGIN 

Register








 About Polar Capital









Who We Are


Group Strategy













            CONTACT US
            



General Enquiries


Investor Relations


Investor Relations - North America


UK Sales


International Sales










 Polar Capital Funds







            HEDGE FUNDS
            



European Conviction


European Forager


Latest Fact Sheets


Tax and Reporting














            UCITS Funds
            



Asian Opportunities


Biotechnology


Emerging Markets Growth


Emerging Markets Income


European ex-UK Income


European Income


Financial Opportunities


Global Alpha














             
            



Global Convertible


Global Insurance


Global Technology


Healthcare Blue Chip


Healthcare Opportunities


Income Opportunities


Japan


Japan Alpha














             
            



North American


UK Absolute Equity


UK Value Opportunities













            UCITS Resources
            



KIID


Latest Fact Sheet










 Polar CapitalInvestment Trusts












Polar Capital is the investment manager for three investment trusts:
Polar Capital Technology Trust plc
Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc
Polar Capital Global Financials Trust plc




 Corporate Information









Welcome and News


Board of Directors


Share Price Information


Share Price Performance / Graph


Corporate Calendar and AGM


Stock Exchange Announcements


Document Library


Corporate Advisers


AIM Rule 26 Company Information
























 













Polar Capital Holdings plc is a research driven investment management company providing a highly entrepreneurial environment foroutstanding portfolio managers within a structure that offersa level of marketing, administrative and operational supportnormally found in much larger organisations.
Polar Capital offers professional and institutional investors a range of geographical and sector funds in both long only and absolute return strategies. Our funds are characterised by a fundamental research-driven approach and an adherence to careful capacity management.

Polar Capital is the investment manager for three investment trusts:

Polar Capital Technology Trust plc (PCT)
Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (PCGH)
Polar Capital Global Financials Trust plc (PCFT)


Polar Capital Holdings plc is a specialist investment management company traded on AIM in London. Founded in 2001, Polar Capitalcurrently has 12 investment teams managing 24 funds and four managedaccounts across a range of long-only and alternative products,with combined assets under management of £10.0bn as at 30 June 2017.














                    FRAUD ALERT                    
                


Investment Trust Fraud Alerts
PCT  |  PCGH  |  PCFT




             
             
             

All photography ©
                    Martin Hartley







                Email: investor-relations@polarcapital.co.uk
| Tel: +44 (0) 20 7227 2700 | 
                    Privacy Policy|Employee Login

© 2017 Polar Capital. All Rights Reserved. 
                | Site by HSL













 





























Talent – Polar Asset Management Partners






































Skip to main content








 



 
 
 
 


 
 



 







 




Firm Leadership 	
	Our executive team is comprised of professionals from portfolio management, operations, business development, finance, risk and compliance to address all facets of the business and monitor the evolution of the industry.	






Paul Sabourin Chairman & Chief Investment Officer Paul co-founded Polar Asset Management Partners in 1991. As Chief Investment Officer, he sets investment strategy and oversees the investment management team. He also acts as Lead Portfolio Manager for our flagship multi-strategy fund. 

Paul started his career at Burns Fry Ltd. in 1982, gaining experience in research and international equity trading. In 1987, Paul became a Director at Burns Fry, and member of the executive committee, responsible for managing the institutional equity trading group. 

Paul is a member of both the Advisory Board and Entrepreneurship Council of the Ivey Business School and a board member of the Trillium Health Partners Foundation. He actively supports the annual fund raising campaign of the United Way Toronto and is an avid collector of Canadian modern art.

Paul received an MBA from the University of Western Ontario (now Ivey) in 1980. He graduated from the University of Toronto in 1975 with a B.A.
 






Tom Sabourin, CA, CPA  Chief Executive Officer Tom became President and CEO of Polar Asset Management Partners in 2006, after joining the firm as Chief Financial Officer in 1994. From 1996 to 2005, Tom also acted as a Vice-President of Polar Equity Partners, an affiliated private equity manager, where he assumed a leadership role in many of the firm's investments. 

Tom began his career with Ernst & Young in 1986 after earning a B.Eng from the University of Western Ontario. He gained his Chartered Accountant designation in 1988. 

Tom leads Polar’s charitable efforts through The Polar Foundation, which has contributed $3 million to “Help Communities Thrive” since its inception. 
 






Herman Gill, CA, CPA Vice-President & Chief Financial Officer Herman has been Polar Asset Management Partners’ Chief Financial Officer since 2002. Prior to joining Polar, Herman was with Fidelity Investments Canada where he held various positions across domestic and offshore fund operation areas. 

In 1994, Herman was admitted as a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario. Herman earned a B.A. in Chartered Accountancy Studies from the University of Waterloo in 1993.

Herman serves as the Vice-Chair of the Ontario Mental Health Foundation, an agency of the Province of Ontario supporting mental health research.
 






Abdalla Ruken Vice-President & Chief Risk Officer Abdalla joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2008. As Chief Risk Officer, he leads several departments including risk management, technology, and operations. Previously, Abdalla was with the Bank of Nova Scotia, serving as a Market Risk Manager before being appointed Assistant General Manager to head a group responsible for managing the market risk of traded products. In this capacity, Abdalla led the development of the bank's portfolio simulation engine for derivative exposure measurement. He also contributed significantly to building a framework for managing the risk of alternative assets. 

Abdalla graduated from McMaster University in 1994 with a Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics. 
 






Kurankye Sekyi-Otu, CFA Head, Sales & Marketing Kurankye joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2010, and is a member of the firm’s management committee. He leads the team responsible for the global product distribution for both institutional and advisory partners. Prior to joining Polar, Kurankye was President of Soho Financial Services Inc. 

Believing in the social return on investment that comes from the value of mentoring, Kurankye is an active member of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Toronto, and has served on the Big Night Out Committee since March 2014.

Kurankye earned his CFA designation in 2000. He graduated from York University in 1994 with a B.A. (Hons.) in Economics. 
 






Greg Lemaich General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer Greg joined the executive leadership team at Polar Asset Management Partners in 2012 after a career in private practice with a focus on securities law, primarily at Goodmans LLP and as General Counsel of a Toronto-based investment fund manager. He has extensive experience in structuring, ongoing compliance and governance matters of investment funds, both public and private.

Greg earned a B.A.Sc. in Industrial Engineering from the University of Toronto in 2002 and a J.D. from the University of Toronto Faculty of Law in 2006. Greg became a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada in 2007. 
 

 
 
Portfolio Management 	
	Our portfolio management team is led by our Chairman & CIO, Paul Sabourin.  However, investment decision-making is very much a collaborative effort, one that draws upon the skills and insights of 26 investment professionals and 9 risk managers.





Convertible Arbitrage & Risk Arbitrage








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Tim Trapp







Kat Berington







Conor Bowes







Jean-Raphaël Lessard








Tim joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2009 to direct our convertible arbitrage and risk arbitrage strategies. 

Prior to joining Polar, Tim was Portfolio Manager at Stark Investments, trading various arbitrage strategies, including convertible arbitrage, volatility, risk arbitrage, event driven equity long/short and private placements. Tim began his career as a partner and co-founder of Mondiale Asset Management, a Vancouver based hedge fund manager. He later spent three years with Merrill Lynch as an Associate in investment banking. 

Tim graduated from Harvard University in 2002 with an MBA and Simon Fraser University in 1996 with a double major in Business Administration and Economics.
Kat is a Convertible Arbitrage Trader working on the Multi-Strategy team. In addition to being the primary core position trader for the convertible arbitrage strategy, Kat also manages delta adjustments to monetize gamma and analyzes new issue and existing convertible bonds. She joined Polar Asset Management Partners in November 2012 with eight years’ experience as an execution trader at Stark Investments, where she focused on convertible arbitrage and other arbitrage strategies, including volatility (options and warrants), credit arbitrage, and equity long/short. 

Kat graduated magna cum laude with a B.A. in Economics from Lawrence University, Wisconsin in 2001. 
Conor is a Risk Arbitrage Analyst on the Multi-Strategy team, joining Polar Asset Management Partners in 2011. His responsibilities include in-depth research on current and prospective risk arbitrage and convertible arbitrage positions. Prior to joining Polar, Conor was with Merrill Lynch's Global Energy and Power Investment Banking Group where he participated in over $80 billion of M&A transactions and debt/equity financings. Conor started his career working at ConocoPhillips and Encana in various engineering roles from 2005 to 2007. 

Conor graduated from the Schulich School of Engineering (University of Calgary) in 2008 with a gold medal in Oil and Gas Engineering. 
Jean-Raphaël is a Convertible Arbitrage and Risk Arbitrage Analyst on the Multi-Strategy team. He assumed this role early in 2017 having spent almost five years as a risk manager in Polar Asset Management Parters’ risk management.  Jean-Raphaël also has oversight of some of Polar’s treasury functions.

Jean-Raphaël obtained a B.Sc. in Physics from McGill University in 2006, followed by a Ph.D. in Experimental Particle Physics from the University of Victoria in 2012. As a Ph.D. candidate, he was a member of the ATLAS collaboration at CERN’s Large Hadron Collider, which is famous for discovering the Higgs Boson. 
Strategy LeadTraderAnalystAnalyst









Fixed Income Arbitrage








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Nick Neary







Grant Dawson







Sandy McArthur







Orlando Cherenek







David Ellen








Nick is the Fixed Income Arbitrage Strategy Lead for the Multi-Strategy team, joining Polar Asset Management Partners in August 2013. As the Strategy Lead, Nick has been responsible for building the team from the bottom up, by acquiring the necessary infrastructure and hiring a team of top market professionals to execute the strategies.

From 2007 until March 2013, Nick was Managing Director, Fixed Income at BMO Capital Markets, focusing on asset management and interest rate strategies. From 2002 to 2007, Nick was a fixed income trader at Susquehanna International Group, concentrating on interest rate and credit arbitrage. 

Nick graduated from Queen's University in 2001 with a Masters of Science. 
Grant is a Fixed Income Arbitrage Analyst on the Multi-Strategy team.  Joining Polar Asset Management Partners in March 2014, Grant concentrates on investment grade corporate bonds. Prior to joining Polar, Grant was Managing Director of Canadian Fixed Income at Manulife Asset Management with responsibility for corporate bond total return portfolios. From 2006 until August 2008, Grant was Vice President of Corporate Credit Ratings at DBRS, covering the Canadian telecom, media and technology sectors. 

Grant graduated from the SMU Cox School of Business in Dallas in 2000 with an MBA in Finance. 
Sandy is a Fixed Income Arbitrage Analyst on the Multi-Strategy team. After joining Polar Asset Management Partners in October 2014 as a member of the risk team, Sandy subsequently became a member of the fixed income arbitrage team, focusing on interest rate and macro strategies. Prior to joining Polar, Sandy was at Morgan Stanley where he traded government bonds. Sandy started his career at BMO Capital Markets where he worked with the group responsible for the trading floor’s funding and liquidity. 

Sandy graduated from Queen’s University in 2012 with a B.Sc. in Engineering Physics. 
Orlando is a Fixed Income Arbitrage Analyst on the Multi-Strategy team. He joined Polar Asset Management Partners in July 2015 to focus on taxable and tax-exempt fixed income trading. Orlando began his career with Fidelity Investments in Boston before eventually moving to New York to work as a municipal bond trader for Bear Stearns. He was subsequently a portfolio manager focusing on municipal securities across various investment mandates with BlackRock Advisors, and a Director of Institutional Sales with RBC Capital Markets. 

Orlando graduated from Boston College in 1996 with a B.Sc. in Finance. 
David is a Fixed Income Trader on the Multi-Strategy team. He is responsible for trading fixed income instruments, including corporate and municipal bond issuances, interest rate derivatives and hedging products. He joined Polar Asset Management Partners in October 2013. Prior to joining Polar, David was Managing Director, Fixed Income Trading at Canaccord Genuity until 2012. From 2002 until 2010, David was a Director of Fixed Income Products with a focus on Government of Canada Bonds and Canadian fixed income derivatives at HSBC Bank Canada. David began his career in 1998 as a Derivatives Trader with the Bank of Montreal in the “open outcry” markets of the Montreal Exchange. 

David graduated from Carleton University with B.A. in 1992. 
Strategy LeadAnalystAnalystAnalystTrader









US Equity Long/Short








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Bill Peckford







Peter Von Schilling







Michael Lam







Mike Easson







Brian Law







Daniel Delrosario







Sean Wygovsky








Bill is Strategy Lead for the US Equity Long/Short team. After joining Polar Asset Management Partners in 1995 as an equity analyst, Bill developed the US equity long/short strategy with Paul Sabourin in 1997. He started his career at SEI Financial Services in 1991 as a performance measurement analyst before moving, in 1993, to Marquest Investment Counsel as an equity research analyst and trader. 

Bill graduated from Saint Mary's University in Halifax in 1990 with a Bachelor of Commerce. Bill earned the CFA designation in 1995. 
Peter is a Co-Portfolio Manager on the US Equity Long/Short team, having joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2002. Prior to joining Polar, Peter was a senior research analyst at Merrill Lynch Canada, covering Canadian and U.S. based technology enterprise software and IT service companies. Prior to Merrill Lynch, Peter spent five years with Royal Bank Capital Partners as Managing Director of the Information Technology Fund where he was responsible for a wide variety of private and public market investments. 

Peter graduated from the University of Waterloo with a Bachelor of Math in 1991 and from INSEAD with an MBA in 1995. 
Michael joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2010 as an Analyst on the US Equity Long/Short team. Michael is responsible for the energy, materials, chemical, automotive, and staples sectors. Prior to joining Polar, Michael was an institutional equity salesperson at Blackmont Capital (subsequently renamed Stonecap Securities), joining in 2008. He started his career at Research Capital as a Special Situations Analyst and in 1996 moved to RBC Capital Markets as an Industrial Products Analyst. 

Michael graduated from the University of Waterloo with a B.A. in 1992. During university Michael garnered his initial investment experience as a Mining Research Associate at McNeil Mantha and Loewen, Ondaatje, McCutcheon. 
Mike is an Analyst on the US Equity Long/Short team, having joined Polar Asset Management Partners in January 2012. His responsibilities include securities analysis in the communications technology sector, with particular focus on high-speed optical and wireless systems. Prior to joining Polar, Mike spent three years with Peregrine Investment Management, a small cap technology-focused hedge fund. Mike started his career in engineering specializing in hardware and semiconductor design, before transitioning to volume manufacturing and the deployment of wireless communications systems internationally. 

Mike graduated from the University of Waterloo with a Bachelor of Computer Engineering in 1992 and soon afterwards moved to Silicon Valley to work for a number of technology startup companies. 
Brian joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2012 as an Analyst on the US Equity Long/Short team. His responsibilities include conducting securities analysis in the business services, industrials, transportation/logistics, software and IT services sectors. Prior to joining Polar, Brian was at an independent mid-market investment bank and gained experience in a wide variety of industries, advising clients on M&A transactions and financings. He started his career in the audit and advisory group at Deloitte & Touche where he focused on the financial institutions space. 

Brian graduated from the University of Waterloo with a Bachelor of Mathematics in 2007 and a Masters of Accountancy in 2008. Brian earned his Chartered Accountancy designation in 2010 and his Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2011. 
Daniel joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2017 as an Analyst on the US Equity Long/Short team. His responsibilities include securities analysis in the consumer, media and telecom spaces. Prior to joining Polar, Daniel was an Analyst at Harvard Management Company. He started his career as an Associate at Wellington Management Company. 

Daniel graduated from Bentley University with a Bachelor of Corporate Finance and Accounting in 2011. 
Sean is a trader on the US Equity Long/Short team, having joined Polar Asset Management Partners in November 2013. In his role, he works closely with the portfolio management team on all aspects of the fund strategy including macro outlook, portfolio strategy and bottom-up fundamental research. Prior to joining Polar, Sean was the Head Trader for four long/short global equity strategies under the Tiger Management umbrella and before that he was a fixed income trader at Exis Capital Management with a focus on corporate bond strategies. 

Sean graduated from the University of Richmond, Virginia in 2002 with a B.Sc. in Business Administration, Cum Laude. 
Strategy LeadCo-Portfolio ManagerAnalystAnalystAnalystAnalystTrader









Structured Products Arbitrage








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Ravi Bhat








Ravi is Structured Products Arbitrage Strategy Lead for the Multi-Strategy team. In this role, he has been able to grow Polar’s expertise in structured products especially in US SPACs and closed-end funds holding physical metals. He started at Polar Asset Management Partners in 2009 as a Risk Manager, and in 2010 joined the portfolio management team analyzing closed-end funds and structured products arbitrage. Prior to joining Polar, he worked at Columbia University as a Postdoctoral Research Scientist with the Department of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics. 

Ravi holds a B.Sc. in Chemistry and Physics from Queens University (1996) and a Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics from the University of Toronto (2005). 
Strategy Lead









Structured Credit








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Carlo Perri








Carlo is Structured Credit Strategy Lead on the Multi-Strategy team.  He joined Polar Asset Management Partners in December 2010 to pursue high yield structured credit opportunities and is experienced in restructured commercial paper, structured investment vehicles, capital relief transactions, and risk retention investments in corporations and mortgage exposures. Prior to joining Polar, Carlo was a Portfolio Manager at Northwater Capital where he was responsible for over $1 billion of credit hedge fund investments. 

Carlo earned a Juris Doctor (J.D.) from Osgoode Hall Law School, an MBA and a B.B.A. from the Schulich School of Business and is a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada. 
Strategy Lead









Canadian Event Driven








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Bob Poile







Adam Mitchell







Eric Ispanovic








Bob joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2007 with a mandate to build the firm’s Event Driven investment capabilities on the Multi-Strategy team. 

Bob’s 26-year investment career has focused on hedge fund, distressed asset and private equity investing in Canada and the U.S. In 1998, he established Trident Advisors, a distressed asset and private equity investor. In that role, Bob acted as Chairman, Director or Officer of various entities including Dylex Limited, Repap Enterprises Inc., Spar Aerospace, Call-Net Enterprises Inc., and Clublink Corporation. Prior to joining Polar, Bob was President and CEO of Clublink, resigning upon sale of the investment in 2007. 

Bob graduated from Harvard University in 1981 with a B.A.
Adam is an Event Driven Analyst on the Multi-Strategy team. He joined Polar Asset Management Partners in January 2016, with responsibility for fundamental investment research on event-driven investment ideas including capital structure arbitrage, distressed/stressed credit opportunities, and equity long or short event trading. Prior to joining Polar, Adam was at Scotia Capital since 2009, working as a high yield bond trader.

Adam graduated from the University of Western Ontario in 2002 with a B.Sc. in Statistics and subsequently obtained his HBA from the Ivey School of Business in 2004. He obtained the Financial Risk Manager (FRM) designation in 2006 and the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation in 2007. 
Eric is an equity and structured products trader on the Multi-Strategy team, having joined Polar Asset Management Partners in October 2015. His understanding of market structure and management of relationships on the street allows him to source liquidity in illiquid names and seek the best execution for the funds for which he trades. Prior to joining Polar, Eric was at Blackheath Fund Management Inc., becoming Head Trader in 2012. 

Eric graduated from the University of Toronto with a B.Sc. (Hon.) in 2002 and from York University with a Ph.D. in Kinesiology and Health Sciences in 2008. 
Strategy LeadAnalystTrader









Canadian Micro-Cap








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Christopher Fernyc







Naz Karolia







Eric Ispanovic








Christopher joined Polar Asset Management Partners in June 2012 as Strategy Lead for the Canadian micro-cap strategy. In this role he has developed Polar’s expertise in fundamental research in the Canadian small-cap space.

Starting his career in 1998, Christopher joined Bissett Investment Management as an equity research analyst, focusing on Canadian smaller capitalization equities. He became a portfolio manager for several Bissett mandates from 2000 until his departure in 2007. He managed his personal portfolio of investments from 2008 until June 2012. 

Chris graduated from Lakehead University in 1997 with an Honours Bachelor of Commerce and earned his CFA designation in 2001. 
Naz is an Analyst for the Canadian Micro-Cap team, joining Polar Asset Management Partners in December 2016. Naz is responsible for fundamental analysis of North American smaller capitalization companies. Prior to joining Polar, Naz was a Vice President for a Canadian small cap focused investment bank, specializing in the technology and industrial sectors.

Naz graduated from the University of Toronto with a Bachelor of Commerce and is a CFA Charterholder.
Eric is an equity and structured products trader on the Multi-Strategy team, having joined Polar Asset Management Partners in October 2015. His understanding of market structure and management of relationships on the street allows him to source liquidity in illiquid names and seek the best execution for the funds for which he trades. Prior to joining Polar, Eric was at Blackheath Fund Management Inc., becoming Head Trader in 2012. 

Eric graduated from the University of Toronto with a B.Sc. (Hon.) in 2002 and from York University with a Ph.D. in Kinesiology and Health Sciences in 2008. 
Strategy LeadAnalystTrader









Systematic Strategies








Click on a team member below for bio information.







Michael Beaton








Michael is the Systematic Strategies Lead for the Multi-Strategy team, joining Polar Asset Management Partners in October 2016. As the Strategy Lead, Michael is responsible for trend following and systematic strategies.
Prior to joining Polar, Michael was a managing director at the Carlyle Group responsible for liquid systematic strategies. Prior to Carlyle, Michael was a partner at Breton Hill Capital, where he traded for the global macro fund.  Michael has also worked at Macquarie Bank in their commodity group and as a fund analyst at Diversified Global Asset Management.
Michael graduated from the University of Toronto in 2004 with a Master's in Mathematical Finance. 
Strategy Lead








Risk Management 	
	We believe a defined risk appetite is the starting point of a fulsome risk framework built upon our corporate culture. Our risk management team is embedded in the investment process and is situated in close proximity to the investment teams, which allows for real time monitoring, reporting and review of risks in the portfolios. 




Click on a team member below for bio information.







Abdalla Ruken







Ali Shams







Angel Valov







Ajay Singh







Peter Ellis







Hacene Ouyed







Siddharth Ganesan








Abdalla joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2008. As Chief Risk Officer, he leads several departments including risk management, technology, and operations. Previously, Abdalla was with the Bank of Nova Scotia where he served in various Risk Management roles before being appointed as Vice President leading a group responsible for Hedge Funds and Structured Finance Risk Management. During his tenor Abdalla led the development of the bank’s simulation engine for derivatives exposure and the framework for managing the risk of alternative assets.

Abdalla graduated from McMaster University in 1994 with a Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics. 

Ali joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2008. As the Director of Risk Management, he oversees the development of Polar’s risk management framework, from implementing quantitative models for valuation and pricing, to building low-latency systems for monitoring exposures and performance. He previously worked for the Manhattan high-performance computing firm ASPEED Software. 

Ali received his Master’s in Physics from Southern Illinois University in 2001. He received his Ph.D. in Physics, from University of Delaware in 2010. 
Angel is a Risk Manager at Polar Asset Management Partners, joining the risk management team in 2010. His responsibilities include external and internal risk reporting, as well as front office support. Prior to joining Polar, he held positions in quantitative finance, first at the Bank of Montreal, and later at Scotia Capital. 

Angel obtained a M.Sc. in Statistics in 2004 and a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics in 2009 from the University of Toronto. 
Ajay is a Risk Manager at Polar Asset Management Partners, joining the risk management team in 2013. His responsibilities include building quantitative models for the various strategies employed by Polar. He also develops and maintains the firm’s technology requirements. 

Ajay graduated with a Masters in Physics from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India in 2008. He then pursued a Ph.D. at the University of Waterloo in Theoretical High-Energy Physics. After defending his thesis in 2012, he was a postdoctoral researcher at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, where he conducted research on statistical finance. 
Peter is a Senior Developer at Polar Asset Management Partners. He joined the risk management team in 2009, responsible for developing software for Polar’s accounting and operations platforms. Prior to joining Polar, he worked in a family business as a Programmer/Analyst developing front and back office applications for the retail and manufacturing sectors throughout Australia. He also spent three years at a Melbourne based firm as a Programmer/Analyst working on a superannuation (pension) platform. 

Peter completed his Bachelor of Electronic Commerce in 2003 at Monash University, Melbourne, Australia. 
Hacene is a Risk Manager at Polar Asset Management Partners, joining the risk management team in 2010. His responsibilities include pricing the portfolio every day to its fair value, as well as confirming market data and other operational accountabilities. With international experience, he joined the Risk Management Analytic group at the Bank of Nova Scotia as an analyst in January 2006. In August 2006, Hacene moved to the bank's Trade Floor Risk Management group managing the risk of credit and equity derivatives. 

Hacene graduated from Copenhagen Business School in 2005 with a M.Sc. in Finance and Economics. 
Siddharth is a Senior Developer at Polar Asset Management Partners. He joined the risk management team in August 2015 and is responsible for .NET development and building analytics platforms for convertible arbitrage and risk arbitrage strategies. Prior to joining Polar, he was a Software Architect at Agricorp, where he has been working on accounting and insurance systems for the last 3 years. He started his career at BlackBerry as a Software Developer and Project Manager. 

Siddharth graduated with a Bachelor in Engineering Science from University of Toronto in 2011. As a student at U of T, he led a team developing an Algorithmic Trading System that won an award in Software Design. 
VP & Chief Risk OfficerDirector, Risk ManagementRisk ManagerRisk ManagerSenior DeveloperRisk ManagerSenior Developer



 

Sales & Marketing



Click on a team member below for bio information.







Kurankye Sekyi-Otu







Les Young







Caryn Maxwell-Smith







Areef Hack







Jordan Snow








Kurankye joined Polar Asset Management Partners in 2010, and is a member of the firm’s management committee. He leads the team responsible for the global product distribution for both institutional and advisory partners. Prior to joining Polar, Kurankye was President of Soho Financial Services Inc. 

Believing in the social return on investment that comes from the value of mentoring, Kurankye is an active member of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Toronto, and has served on the Big Night Out Committee since March 2014.

Kurankye earned his CFA designation in 2000. He graduated from York University in 1994 with a B.A. (Hons.) in Economics. 
Les is a Director responsible for marketing and business development at Polar Asset Management Partners, having joined the firm in April 2013. Prior to joining Polar, Les was with Manulife Asset Management, holding successive positions in marketing and fixed income product management culminating as Managing Director, Institutional Sales. From 2007 to 2008 Les was responsible for sales and marketing for frontierAlt Capital Corporation. From 2004 to 2007, Les held various sales and product management positions with affiliates of Connor, Clark & Lunn Financial Group. 

Les graduated from Dalhousie University with a Bachelor of Commerce in 2002. 
Caryn is Director, Sales and Marketing - Wealth Distribution, at Polar Asset Management Partners, having joined the firm in April 2017. Prior to joining Polar, Caryn was VP, Business Development at Dynamic Funds where she spent 12 years working with financial advisors in the Greater Toronto Area. Caryn began her career in 2000 at CI Funds in service and support roles and in 2004, she joined the sales team at Clarington Funds.

Caryn graduated from the University of Western Ontario in 2000 with a B.A. in Economics and earned her MBA from the Ivey School of Business in 2017.
Areef is a Senior Associate at Polar Asset Management Partners, responsible for marketing and business development for all Polar strategies. He joined Polar in April 2013. 

Areef graduated from York University with a Bachelor of Business Administration specializing in Marketing in 2013. 
Jordan is a Senior Associate at Polar Asset Management Partners responsible for product strategy & development, having joined the firm in 2017. Prior to joining Polar, Jordan was an Investment Strategist at a Toronto based family office, responsible for hedge fund due diligence and portfolio construction. From 2011 to 2014 Jordan worked at Westcourt Capital Corporation, where he was responsible for investment due diligence across various asset classes and strategies, with a primary focus on equity long/short, credit arbitrage, systematic strategies, global macro and event-driven hedge fund strategies. 

Jordan graduated from McMaster University in 2012 with a Master’s in International Relations – Global Political Economy, where his research focused primarily on the historical evolution of sovereign pension funds and the regulatory environment surrounding high frequency trading. 
HeadDirectorDirectorSenior AssociateSenior Associate



 

Operational Support & Administration



Click on a team member below for bio information.







Herman Gill







Karen Szeto







Michelle Li







Wai Man Poon







Alina Popa







Candy Wong







Susan Rumble








Herman has been Polar Asset Management Partners’ Chief Financial Officer since 2002. Prior to joining Polar, Herman was with Fidelity Investments Canada where he held various positions across domestic and offshore fund operation areas. 

In 1994, Herman was admitted as a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario. Herman earned a B.A. in Chartered Accountancy Studies from the University of Waterloo in 1993.

Herman serves as the Vice-Chair of the Ontario Mental Health Foundation, an agency of the Province of Ontario supporting mental health research.
Karen is part of the Operations & Administration team at Polar Asset Management Partners. She joined the firm in 1999 and handles settlement, reconciliation and administration duties. Karen started her career in 1998, joining the Risk Management group at the Bank of Montreal where she focused on Fixed Income Market Risk. 

Karen graduated from Wilfred Laurier University in 1998 with a Bachelor in Business Administration. 
Michelle is a VP of Operations & Fund Accounting at Polar Asset Management Partners. She joined in April 2010 with responsibilities including NAV reconciliations as well as other administrative duties. Her experience with the hedge fund industry began when she worked at RBC Dexia Investor Services as Trade Support. She joined Citco (Canada) Inc. in 2006 as a Fund Accountant and was later promoted to Manager in 2010. 

Michelle graduated from the University of Waterloo in 2005 with a Bachelor of Math (Hons.) in Actuarial Science. Michelle earned her CFA designation in 2010 and the FRM certification in 2011. 
Wai is Controller at Polar Asset Management Partners. She joined in December 2010, and is responsible for all corporate accounting functions within the firm. Before joining Polar, Wai was a Manager, Fund Reporting for Edgestone Capital Partners L.P. She was responsible for full management of two private equity funds including financial reporting, tax and audit. Wai started her career at Deloitte and Touche LLP in Cleveland as a staff accountant, later transferring to Deloitte and Touche LLP in Toronto in 2001. In 2002, she joined Everest Management Services Ltd. (subsidiary of Brascan Financial Corp.) where she was responsible for both corporate and fund accounting. 

Wai graduated from Cleveland State University in Cleveland, Ohio  in 1999 with a Master of Accountancy and Financial Information Systems and earned her CPA (Certified Public Accountant) in 2001. 
Alina joined Polar Asset Management Partners in June 2013 and is responsible for financial statements review, tax and NAV preparation, as well as other fund accounting management functions. Prior to joining Polar, Alina‘s worked for Citco (Canada) Inc. from 2007 to 2010 and as an operations analyst for a Toronto-based investment manager from 2010 to 2013. 

Alina graduated in 2008 from Centennial College with an Advanced Accounting Diploma (Honors) and earned her Bachelor in Accounting with National Association of States Boards of Accountancy in 2010. Alina earned her CPA designation in 2016.
Candy is a Assistant Fund Controller at Polar Asset Management Partners. She joined in April 2015, and is responsible for NAV reconciliations, fund reporting and other operational duties. Prior to joining Polar, she was employed at Citco (Canada) Inc. as a Fund Accounting Manager where she was responsible for fund accounting for multi-strategy hedge funds and single-family offices. Prior to Citco, Candy was employed at HSBC Bank Canada within its U.S. client servicing department. 

Candy graduated from the University of Toronto in 2006 with a Bachelor of Commerce. 
Susan is an Investor Relations Administrator at Polar Asset Management Partners. She joined in August 2014, and is responsible for all investor related inquiries and transactions. From 2011 to 2014, she worked at a Toronto-based international financial services company working in various areas of the company including fund administration, client services and back office support. From 2006 to 2011, Susan worked in client services at a Toronto-based investment fund manager. 

Susan graduated from the University of Guelph with a Bachelor of Commerce in 1997. 
VP & Chief Financial OfficerOperations & AdministrationVP, Operations & Fund AccountingControllerAssistant Fund ControllerAssistant Fund ControllerInvestor Relations Administrator



 

Legal & Compliance



Click on a team member below for bio information.







Greg Lemaich







Jennifer Schwartz








Greg joined the executive leadership team at Polar Asset Management Partners in 2012 after a career in private practice with a focus on securities law, primarily at Goodmans LLP and as General Counsel of a Toronto-based investment fund manager. He has extensive experience in structuring, ongoing compliance and governance matters of investment funds, both public and private.

Greg earned a B.A.Sc. in Industrial Engineering from the University of Toronto in 2002 and a J.D. from the University of Toronto Faculty of Law in 2006. Greg became a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada in 2007. 
Jennifer is Vice President, Legal and Compliance at Polar Asset Management Partners, having joined the firm in March 2016. 

Prior to joining Polar, Jennifer practiced law at McMillan LLP with a focus on securities law, investment funds and compliance, and was Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of a Toronto-based asset manager where she was responsible for the firm’s regulatory compliance program and legal matters. 

Jennifer earned a B.Sc. (Physiology) from McGill University in 2001 and a LLB from Osgoode Hall Law School in 2004. Jennifer became a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada in 2005. 
General Counsel & Chief Compliance OfficerVP, Legal and Compliance



 
 

 

 

 
 
 








﻿























 
Polar Capital latest news (POLR) - The Share Centre 








Skip to main content


Cookies on The Share Centre Website
Close
Our website uses cookies to provide you with a good browsing  experience. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of  cookies. You can find out more, including how to disable cookies, in our Cookie Policy







                    About us


                    Blog


                    Careers


                    Contact us


                    FAQs


                    Awards


                    Forms


                    Videos
share.com
















Site Search






Company/EPIC/Symbol


Advanced share finder



»
    Open Account
»
    Free Trial


» Sign In







Home


Accounts & Services


>Compare investment accounts


Dealing accounts

Share Dealing Account
Investment Club

ISAs

Self-select Stocks & Shares ISA
Ready-made ISA
Lifetime ISA

Invest for your children

DIY Junior ISA
Ready-made Junior ISA
Junior Investment Account
Child Trust Fund

Pensions

SIPP

Practice Account
Dealing options

Standard dealing option
Frequent dealing option
Dealing option examples

Transfer to The Share Centre

Transfer from Invesco

Personalised Investment advice 
Corporate services
Estate administration & probate
Selling share certificates




Find Investments


>Find investments now


Find shares

Share tip of the week
Share tips for 2017
Recommended shares to buy
Our view on FTSE 100 shares
International shares
Shareholder perks
Advanced share finder

Find funds

Our funds of funds
Platinum 120 finest funds
Fund tips 2017
Our preferred index tracker funds
Target retirement funds
Fund finder

ETFs & ETCs
Investment trusts
IPOs & share offers




Markets & News


>Latest markets & news


FTSE 100 prices
FTSE 100 risers & fallers
Indices
Top-traded shares
Profit Watch UK report
News & reports

Blog
Today's early market news
Market reports
Economic news
What's happening this week?
Investment articles
Companies in the news
Events & announcements
Company meetings & resolutions

Press office

Our press releases
Meet our spokepeople





New to Investing


>New investors start here


Shareholder magazine
All about ISAs
FREE investment guides
Getting Started

What is an ISA?
ISA Calculator
About the FTSE 100
How the stock market works

Investment types

Stocks & shares
Funds
Gilts
Investment trusts
Exchange-traded products

Popular topics explained

ISA allowance 2017/18
ISA allowance 2016/17
Flexible ISA
How do I make money?
Lifetime ISA

Helpful articles

What is a tracker fund?
What is asset allocation?
ISA vs SIPP: which to choose?
Investment taxes
Transferring a cash ISA to a Stocks & Shares ISA
Retail bonds explained
Dividends and bond yields
What is a gilt?
6 figures to help you buy shares 

Beyond the basics

Investment measures explained
Charting help guide
Complex investments
Fundamental & technical analysis
Key company figures





HELP & SUPPORT


>Help & support


Contact us
Forms
Glossary
Sitemap
Using your account

Paying in
Ways to deal
Regular investing
Withdrawing
Tools to help you deal
Managing your dividends
Contract notes & statements
Company reports
Corporate actions
Tax allowances
Composite Tax Certificates

FAQs

Online access
Using your account
Buying and selling investments
Transferring investments to us
Accounts & services
Self Invested Personal Pension
Mobile app
Shareholder rights, meetings & perks








Home > Find investments > Advanced finder > Company overview > Polar Capital




Please remember: Our website can help you make informed decisions, not provide personalised advice. If your investments fall in value, you could lose money.
                    
                Tax allowances and the benefits of tax-efficient accounts could change.
            










Summary Our ViewChartsPricesTradesShareCast NewsRegulatory NewsBroker viewsBroker consensus analysisDirector DealsFinancials - overviewFinancials - fundamentals



Polar Capital Holdings latest news (POLR)» deal in this shareISA Eligible  Final Results

RNS Number : 1354C Polar Capital Holdings PLC 24 June 2016  

POLAR CAPITAL HOLDINGS plc
Group Audited Results for the year ended 31 March 2016
 
Highlights
•    Assets under Management ('AUM') at 31 March 2016 US$10.4bn/£7.3bn (2015: US$12.3bn/ £8.3bn)
•    Core operating profit excluding performance fees £23.7m (2015: £27.7m)
•    Profit before share-based payments of £27.5m (2015: £33.7m)
•    Pre-tax profit £24.2m (2015: £31.1m)
•    Basic earnings per share 21.2p (2015: 27.5p) and adjusted* diluted earnings per share 23.6p (2015: 28.1p)
•    Dividends for the year 25.0p per share (2015: 25.0p) including a second interim dividend of 19.5p per ordinary share to be paid on 15 July 2016 to shareholders on the register on 8 July 2016
•    Shareholders' funds £75.6m (2015: £75.2m) including a strong cash position
•    Expanded our fund range with the successful launch, in July 2015, of our European (ex UK) Income UCITS fund that was a product of investor led demand
•    Highly regarded UK value team of George Godber and Georgina Hamilton joining Polar Capital to build a multi-product UK value franchise
•    Current AUM as at 31 May 2016 US$ 10.3bn/£7.1bn
*Adjusted to exclude cost of share-based payments.
 
Tim Woolley, Chief Executive Officer, commented:
"Despite the lack of progress we have made in terms of AUM and profits growth, over the last two years the Group has continued to invest in new teams and in the business with further investment in client service, operations and support staff and systems.  This reflects our strategy of continuing to offer a diversified product range for our clients, supported by a robust and scalable infrastructure. With our investment led culture, active fund management talent continues to see us as an attractive destination in an increasingly challenging industry."




For further information please contact:


 




Polar Capital
Tim Woolley (CEO)
John Mansell (COO) 
 


+44 (0)20 7227 2700




Canaccord Genuity - Nomad and Joint Broker
Simon Bridges (QE)
Kit Stephenson
 


+44 (0)20 7523 8000




Peel Hunt - Joint Broker
Guy Wiehahn
 


+44 (0)20 7418 8893




Camarco 
Ed Gascoigne-Pees


+44 (0) 20 3757 4984




 
Chairman's Statement
Our Assets Under Management (AUM) fell to $10.4bn from $12.3bn at the start of the year. This was a challenging year for global stock markets with many markets experiencing significant corrections over the period creating headwinds for long only funds. In addition, we experienced further redemptions from our Japanese funds as the team's style has struggled to deliver the returns clients had expected in the era of Abenomics. We also saw outflows from our Emerging Markets funds as clients reduced their asset allocation exposures to those markets and from our European long/short funds after a disappointing period of performance.
Funds and Performance
Although over the last 12 months the AUM across the Group decreased it should be noted that 7 of our 11 strategies saw net inflows over the year which gives us confidence we can enjoy another period of strong growth once our Japanese business stabilises.
Short-term returns across our funds have been somewhat mixed but the long-term performance figures remain excellent with 14 out of 18 of our UCITS funds outperforming their benchmarks net of all costs since launch.
There have been some exceptional performers over the period notably our UK Absolute fund and Insurance fund, both of which delivered top decile returns over the period.
Results
Nevertheless pre-tax profits before share based payments fell to £27.5m from £33.7m in the prior year. Core pre-tax profit fell from £27.7m to £23.7m. Net performance fees decreased from £5.2m to £3.0m although this was our fifteenth successive year of generating such fees.
Our balance sheet remains strong with net assets of £75.6m (2015: £75.2m) including net cash of £48.8m (2015: £41.4m).
Market Background
Whereas in recent years markets have generally proved supportive, our last financial year to 31 March 2016 was rather different with a number of the major stock markets around the world posting double-digit falls in local currency terms. Only in the US did we not see significant falls over the year with the S&P500 Index down 0.4%. Elsewhere the declines were more material with the UK FTSE All Share down 7.3%, the Nikkei 225 down 12.7%, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index down 14.1% and the MSCI Europe Index down 16.0%.
Market movements were dominated by two major factors over the year. The first was the strength of the US economy and its implications for when and how quickly the Federal Reserve would increase interest rates. The second was the weakness of the Chinese economy and the machinations of the Chinese stock market. 
The US economy was looking increasingly robust as 2015 progressed, raising the prospect of the first Federal Reserve rate hike since 2006. The US consumer was buoyed by improving job prospects, real wage increases, rising house prices and the meaningful boost to their spending power resulting from the collapse in the oil price. 
The Federal Reserve had been expected to raise rates in September but the dramatic gyrations of the Chinese stock market in August and fears over a hard landing for the Chinese economy led to a heavy sell off in stock markets around the world in late summer. As a result of this global uncertainty the Federal Reserve, to the surprise of a number of commentators, decided to keep rates on hold in September and through the autumn.
Markets recovered their poise as the Chinese stock market stabilised and the news on the Chinese economy was not as bad as feared in the summer. By December the Federal Reserve felt the global outlook had recovered sufficiently for it to increase rates a quarter point given that the US domestic economy was still looking strong. 
The New Year brought with it another round of jitters on the Chinese economy and large falls in the Chinese stock market, once again leading to a sharp 'sell off' in stock markets around the world.
With data on the US economy becoming more mixed during the opening quarter of the calendar year, expectations of further US rate rises had ratcheted back considerably by the end of our financial year allowing most major markets to recover some of their earlier losses. 
Developments
We added to our product range in the summer of 2015 with the launch of our European (ex UK) Income fund, a natural development for our Pan European Income manager Nick Davis and his team. The European Central Bank (ECB) continues to pursue its policy of Quantative Easing (QE) which distorts the bond market both in government and corporate bonds, denying bond buyers the level of interest they would anticipate in a more normalised economic and interest rate cycle. As the search for yield and income is likely to continue we expect UK investors will expand their search towards Continental European equities where some attractive yields can still be found.
Although no new teams arrived during the financial year, we were pleased to announce at our AUM update statement in early April that the highly regarded UK value team of George Godber and Georgina Hamilton will be joining us. The team has developed a strong following amongst our UK clients with their disciplined value investment process which has delivered excellent absolute, relative and risk adjusted returns over recent years. We look forward to them building us a multi-product UK value franchise over the next five years and beyond.
Awards
The following funds all picked up awards during the year: Asia Financials, Global Insurance, Income Opportunities, North America, Healthcare Opportunities, Global Technology and the Technology Trust.
At the inaugural Investment Week's Specialist Investment Awards in November we picked up all three of the specialist sector fund awards, winning Financials with our Global Insurance fund, Healthcare with our Healthcare Opportunities fund and Technology with our Global Technology fund.
Dividend
As previously stated the Board believes that the level of dividend should reflect the Company's trading results, its cash resources and also its future prospects. 
The Board has declared a second interim dividend of 19.5p (2015: 19.5p) to be paid in July. Together with the interim dividend of 5.5p paid in January 2016 the total dividend for the year amounts to 25p. This is unchanged from the previous year despite the fall in AUM and earnings per share and reflects the strength of the Company's balance sheet and our continued confidence in the long-term outlook for the Company.
Outlook
There are no doubt substantial challenges facing the global economy and no shortage of political risk as well to contend with this year. The Brexit vote looks finely balanced at the time of writing and this will be followed by what is likely to be one of the most vitriolic US presidential campaigns ever, ahead of the vote on 8 November 2016.
The European Union (EU) continues to face significant economic and political challenges. Economic growth across the block remains muted although Germany, Spain and Ireland are bright spots.  Six years on from the most recent Greek crisis little seems to have been resolved there and arguably the situation is worse today with the additional challenge of the refugee crisis. The refugee issue is posing a serious political and economic challenge not only for Greece but also for many individual governments within the EU and for the EU itself at a federal level. 
Major issues remain within the European banking sector. In response to the sustained weakness of the Euro area economy and persistent deflationary pressures, the ECB has pushed rates further into negative territory and expanded its QE program again. The Bank of Japan followed the ECB's lead and introduced negative interest rates although this failed to halt a resurgence of the Yen over recent months.
Economic data from the US has been more mixed of late whilst the outlook for the rest of the global economy remains murky with China continuing to slow, Japan back in recession, Europe remaining sluggish and the UK flagging ahead of the Brexit vote.
Perhaps on a more positive note, US interest rates are not likely to increase as quickly as expected at the start of the year and elsewhere it is difficult to envisage anything other than a continuation of 'loose' monetary policy either from the ECB, the Bank of Japan or the authorities in China whilst the Bank of England is unlikely to increase rates anytime soon regardless of the Brexit outcome.
I expect markets to make little headway until there is greater clarity and resolution on some of the major economic and political uncertainties exercising investors and there could be a considerable amount of volatility in the interim.  The prospects for the Group are likely to remain restrained in the near term as a result.  With the addition of new teams and the ongoing strength in a good number of our strategies, we believe the Group remains well placed to generate AUM and earnings growth over the longer term.
Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting will again this year be held at 16 Palace Street, London SW1E 5JD at 3:00pm on 29 July 2016 and I would encourage shareholders to attend and meet the Directors.
Full details of the meeting are given in the separate Notice of Annual General Meeting.
Tom Bartlam
Chairman
23 June 2016
 
Assets Under Management (AUM)
 
AUM split by strategy




2016


2015




 


$bn


%


 


$bn


%




Long only


9.38


89.9%


Long only


11.18


91.3%




Alternative


1.05


10.1%


Alternative


1.05


8.7%




 


10.43


 


 


12.25


 




 
 
AUM split by Business Unit




2016


2015




 


$bn


%


 


$bn


%




Technology


1.98


19.0%


Technology


2.04


16.6%




Japan


2.18


20.9%


Japan


3.75


30.5%




European


0.51


4.9%


European


0.75


6.1%




Healthcare


1.32


12.6%


Healthcare


1.50


12.3%




Financials


1.05


10.1%


Financials


1.00


8.4%




Emerging Markets


0.55


5.3%


Emerging Markets


0.78


6.4%




Convertibles


0.45


4.3%


Convertibles


0.31


2.6%




North America


2.20


21.0%


North America


2.00


16.1%




Global Alpha


0.10


1.0%


Global Alpha


0.10


0.8%




UK Absolute Equity


0.05


0.5%


UK Absolute Equity


0.01


0.1%




European Income


0.04


0.4%


European Income


0.01


0.1%




 


10.43


 


 


12.25


 




 
 
 
Chief Executive's Report 
Strategy
In April we announced an evolution of our strategy expanding our targeted number of teams from a range of 10 to 12 to 12 to 15. This was the first change in strategy we have made since the Group was founded 15 years ago.
Despite the lack of progress we have made in terms of AUM and profits growth, over the last two years the Group has continued to invest in new teams and in the business with further investment in client service, operations and support staff and systems.  This reflects our strategy of continuing to offer a diversified product range for our clients, supported by a robust and scalable infrastructure.  With our investment led culture, active fund management talent continues to see us as an attractive destination in an increasingly challenging industry.
Few talented investment managers would wish to set up on their own in the current environment given the escalating cost and complexity of the regulatory environment. In addition, the capital investment required into operations, client service personnel and support systems to meet the necessary demands of many of today's clients is substantial. There is also the simple fact of human nature - many investment managers prefer a collegiate environment of like-minded talent.
We see no change to these secular shifts in the industry with regulatory and client servicing costs continuing to rise. These shifts will likely drive further consolidation in the industry which would most probably accelerate if market conditions remained poor for an extended period.
When we established Polar Capital in 2001 we set out with the aim of creating an environment which would attract and retain talented active managers. The talent we have assembled and the longevity of many of those teams is testimony to the model we provide and the investment led culture we have tried to create.
Recently we announced that we had secured the services of a 12th team, a highly rated UK value team. With the addition of this team we reached the upper limit of our original target range for teams set all those years ago. Ironically, we reached the limit at a time when we are being approached by more managers and teams than at any point in our history.
What seemed an ambitious target for team numbers when we started has now been achieved and this has caused us to reflect on whether we should stick with the original target or set a new target? We decided on the latter as we believe we have the facilities, people and systems to support further teams and the culture to do so as well.
Funds and Teams
It was disappointing to experience the level of outflows we saw on our Japan, Emerging Markets and European long/short funds over the year. The Technology team also saw net outflows but on a very small scale.
We do though take encouragement from the fact that, despite the generally difficult market conditions, 7 of our 11 teams saw net inflows over the period. They were: Healthcare, Financials, North America, Global, European Income, Global Convertibles and UK Absolute.
Whilst the value style of our Japan and European long/short teams may remain out of favour for a while longer, we believe the Emerging Markets Income UCITS fund and the Technology UCITS fund are well placed to grow assets again if market sentiment turns more positive. We therefore see plenty of opportunity for growth within the existing product set.
The addition of the UK value team of George Godber and Georgina Hamilton will provide significant further growth potential in calendar 2017 and beyond and there are likely to be some additional products from our present teams within that timescale too.
Challenges and Opportunities
Ironically, the issues we have had on Japan have resulted in the business being better diversified today than at any point in our history, although it is not the route we would ideally have chosen to achieve such a level of diversification! The Japan funds as a percentage of our AUM peaked at around 43% but had fallen to 20.9% by the year end, fractionally below the North America funds at 21.0% of AUM.
It seems to be a major challenge within the industry to achieve growth without becoming overly reliant on a single strategy or team. Much larger competitors than us have had to grapple with the issue whilst smaller competitors inevitably have high concentration risks around a single strategy or team, often in excess of 50%.
Despite the undoubted challenges within the industry we also see tremendous opportunities as well. Some of the larger competitors struggle to provide a consistent and enjoyable environment for talented active managers to thrive and lack transparent models in terms of their remuneration. Some of the smaller boutiques are struggling to gain critical mass and cope with the growing burden, complexity and cost of regulation and the increasing demands of clients.
Whilst still being open to 'opportunistic opportunities' we intend to evolve to incorporate a greater level of strategic planning in our development over the coming years. We will look to strengthen the senior management team and continue investing in support personnel and systems and the opening up of new markets geographically and by type of client we serve.
Our push into the institutional marketplace remains nascent and although we have been successful historically in raising assets from US clients for hedge fund products, we have never made a concerted effort on the long only side of our business.
In terms of new team additions, we will keep an open mind although strategically we would like to expand our global product capabilities particularly in the institutional market place. We would also like to add additional resource on Asia and expand our product offering beyond our current Asia Financials fund, which despite its excellent long term performance record has limited appeal within our client base given its specialist nature.
Regulation
We all have an interest in operating in a serious and well-respected regulatory environment.  Such an environment ensures a fair and level playing field between competitors and engenders trust and security for clients both domestically and overseas. The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is doing an excellent job on many fronts in what is undoubtedly a very challenging environment.
However, it is also vital that regulation does not become too parochial and thereby put the large elements of the UK fund management industry that operate globally at a competitive disadvantage to our North American and Asian competitors. We have already experienced this in relation to the FCA's policy on corporate access, which has put us at a disadvantage to our US competitors in terms of meeting company management in the US. This disadvantage has not yet become material but it could become so if regulation were to continue to evolve in a manner that does not take account of the globally competitive market in which many, both small and large, UK fund management companies operate.
Finally
I wish to thank our shareholders for their understanding, patience and support through this rather extended period of consolidation. I can assure you we are working hard across the organisation and at a Board level to get back in a position where we can deliver the growth in profits and dividends we had all previously anticipated.
T.J.Woolley
23 June 2016
 
 
Financial Review
 
Results of the year
Profits for the year are lower than in 2015. Revenues have fallen and although costs have also reduced they have not fallen sufficiently to protect the Group's profits. The analysis below explains the reasons for each variance, starting with revenues.




Revenues


31 March 2016 
£'m


31 March 2015 
£'m




Net management fees 
(net of commissions and fees payable)


69.4


75.0




Performance fees


7.2


12.2




Other income


0.8


0.8




Total revenues


£77.4m


£88.0m




 
The fall in AUM from the last year end to this year end is the cause of a lower year on year average of AUM. This accounts for the decrease in net management fees received over the year. The decrease in performance fees received is a reflection of the weaker performance of some of the Group's products over the year.  Other income, the return on the Group's balance sheet investments, is unchanged from last year.




Costs


31 March 2016 
£'m


31 March 2015 
£'m




Salaries, bonuses and other staff costs


16.6


16.7




Manager distributions


17.2


19.5




Compensation costs


33.8


36.2




NIC on share options


0.6


1.9




Other operating costs


11.3


9.1




Core operating costs


45.7


47.2




Performance fee interests


4.2


7.1




Total operating costs


£49.9m


£54.3m




 
Total operating costs fell to £49.9m from £54.3m last year.  
The small decrease in salaries, bonuses and other staff costs was, despite a small increase in head count in the firm, a product of reduced discretionary bonus pool being paid out due to the year's lower profits. 
The decrease in core distributions was a function of the fall in management fee revenues and the management fee profitability of the firm.
The National Insurance cost relating to the Group's conventional share option plan has returned to a more normal figure. Last year's cost had been flagged as abnormal due to the increased quantity of options that became able to vest that year.
Over half of the increase in operating costs to £11.3m from £9.1m is a combination of an increase in rent and rates and Bloomberg terminal costs. The increase in rent and rates was flagged last year when we stated that the move into our new premises would result, from April 2015, in a £1.0m per annum increase in rent and rates.
The fall in performance fee interests to £4.2m from £7.1m in 2015 is directly correlated to the reduction in performance fee revenues.




Profits


31 March 2016
£'m


31 March 2015
£'m




Core operating profit


23.7


27.7




Performance fee profit


3.0


5.2




Interest and similar income


0.8


0.8




Profit before share-based payments and tax


27.5


33.7




Share-based payments


(3.3)


(2.6)




Profit before tax


£24.2m


£31.1m




 
The headline profit before tax for the year has decreased to £24.2m from last year's £31.1m.
The Group believes that the best measure of the Group's profitability is the profit before share based payments (as detailed more fully below) and tax. On this basis the Group shows a fall in profits to £27.5m compared to last year's £33.7m. The decrease can be attributed as follows:
•  Core operating profits
the decrease in profits reflects the reduction in management fee revenues driven by the decrease in average value of assets managed over the year.
•  Performance fee profits
weaker performance across the product range compared to 2015 has resulted in the reduction in performance fee profits.
•  Interest and similar income
this contribution of profits has remained stable.
 
Share-based payments
The face of the consolidated income statement includes a line titled "share-based payments" which accounts for a charge of £3.3m (2015: £2.6m). The figures are broken-down as follows:
 




 


31 March 2016
£'m


31 March 2015
£'m




Cost attributed to preference shares


2.4


1.6




Cost attributed to conventional options


0.9


1.0




Total cost of share-based payments


£3.3m


£2.6m




 
The increase in this charge is dominated by the increase in the charge associated with the Group's preference shares arrangement which is explained below.
Earnings per share
The effect that the charge for share-based payments has on the EPS figures of the Group is as follows:




 


31 March 2016
Pence


31 March 2015
Pence




Diluted earnings per share


20.1


25.4




Impact of share- based payments


3.5


2.7




Adjusted diluted earnings per share


23.6p


28.1p




 
Preference shares
Part of the Group's business model since 2001 is a share based method of providing fund managers an economic interest in their funds. In keeping with the entrepreneurial philosophy of the Group a separate class of preference share is issued by Polar Capital Partners Limited for purchase by each new team of fund managers on their arrival at the firm. These shares provide each team with an economic interest in the funds that they run and ultimately enable the teams to convert their interest in the revenues generated from their funds into equity in Polar Capital Holdings plc. The equity is awarded in return for the forfeiture of their current core economic interest and is issued over three years with the full quantum of the dilution being reflected in the diluted share count (and so diluted EPS) from the point of conversion. The event has been designed to be, at both the actual and the diluted levels, earnings enhancing to shareholders.
In the year to 31 March 2016 (as was also the case in the year to March 2015) there were no new conversions of preference shares into Polar Capital Holdings equity. 
As at 31 March 2016 three sets of preference shares have the ability to call for a conversion. The call has to be made on or before 30 November 2016 if any conversion is to take place with effect from 31 March 2016. It is the relative success and profitability of the funds represented by these three sets of preference shares that accounts for the increase cost attributed to preference shares that has been identified above (2016: £2.4m versus 2015: £1.6m).
Balance sheet and cash
At the year end the cash balances of the Group were £48.8m (2015: £41.4m). The increase was mainly a product of the reduction, over the year, in the Group's portfolio of seed investments. 
At the balance sheet date the Group held £40.1m of seed investments in its funds (2015: £51.7m).
Capital management
The Group believes in retaining a strong balance sheet. The capital that is retained in the business is used either to seed new investment products or if not so required is invested into the Group's absolute return funds as investment capital. As at March 2016 there were no pure investments, but £40.1m of the Group's balance sheet was invested to seed fledgling funds. 
Business risk
There are a number of risks and uncertainties faced by the Group which are more fully described later in the Strategic Report. Amongst the major risks to the business strategy is the loss of assets under management due to markets falling, poor investment performance or the loss of key investment personnel. These events will not only have an immediate impact on the management fees earned by the Group but also deprive the Group of possible performance fees.
Going concern
The Financial Reporting Council has determined that all companies should carry out a rigorous assessment of all the factors affecting the business in deciding to adopt a going concern basis for the preparation of the accounts.
The Directors have reviewed and examined the financial and other processes embedded in the business, in particular the annual budget process and the financial stress testing inherent in the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP"). On the basis of such review and the significant liquid assets underpinning the balance sheet relative to the Group's predictable operating cost profile, the Directors consider that the adoption of a going concern basis, covering a period of at least 12 months from the date of this report, is appropriate.
 
John Mansell
Finance Director
23 June 2016
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss For the year ended 31 March 2016




 


31 March 2016 
£'000


31 March 2015 
£'000




Revenue


84,252


96,225




Other income


790


801




Gross income


85,042


97,026




Commissions and fees payable


(7,630)


(8,977)




Net income


77,412


88,049




Operating costs before share-based payments


(49,879)


(54,366)




Operating profit before share-based payments,
amortisation/impairment and tax 


27,533


33,683




Share-based payments


(3,290)


(2,557)




Profit for the year before tax


24,243


31,126




Taxation


(5,423)


(7,251)




Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders


18,820


23,875




Basic earnings per ordinary share


21.22p


27.46p




Diluted earnings per ordinary share


20.13p


25.40p




Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share (Non GAAP measure)


24.93p


30.41p




Adjusted diluted earnings per ordinary share (Non GAAP measure)


23.65p


28.12p




 
All of the items in the above statements are derived from continuing operations.
 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income For the year ended 31 March 2016




 


31 March 2016
 £'000


31 March 2015 
£'000




Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders


18,820


23,875




Other comprehensive income - items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods


 


 




Reclassification of losses on available-for-sale financial assets


-


285




Deferred tax effect


2


(57)




 


2


228




Net movement on cash flow hedges


360


(2,311)




Deferred tax effect


(169)


552




 


191


(1,759)




Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations


4


5




Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax,
attributable to ordinary shareholders


19,017


22,349




 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2016




 


31 March 2016
£'000


31 March 2015
£'000




Non-current assets


 


 




Property, plant and equipment


2,862


2,007




Deferred tax assets


3,654


5,136




Total non-current assets


6,516


7,143




Current assets


 


 




Assets at fair value through profit or loss


33,293


38,071




Assets held for sale


6,835


13,614




Trade and other receivables


7,984


9,334




Cash and cash equivalents


48,762


41,385




Total current assets


96,874


102,404




Total assets


103,390


109,547




Non-current liabilities


 


 




Provisions and other liabilities


2,132


-




Deferred tax liabilities


124


102




Total non-current liabilities


2,256


102




Current liabilities


 


 




Trade and other payables


21,235


26,276




Other financial liabilities


2,966


5,357




Current tax liabilities


1,332


2,581




Total current liabilities


25,533


34,214




Total liabilities


27,789


34,316




Net assets


75,601


75,231




Capital and reserves


 


 




Issued share capital


2,280


2,232




Share premium 


18,509


16,715




Investment in own shares


(878)


(962)




Capital and other reserves


6,897


6,665




Retained earnings


48,793


50,581




Total equity - attributable to ordinary shareholders


75,601


75,231




 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity For the year ended 31 March 2016




 


Issued share capital £'000


Share premium 
 
£'000


Investment in own shares 
£'000


Capital reserves 
 
£'000


Other reserves 
 
£'000


Retained earnings 
 
£'000


Total equity 
 
£'000




As at 1 April 2014


2,184


16,288


(1,017)


143


9,507


47,065


74,170




Profit for the year 


-


-


-


-


-


23,875


23,875




Other comprehensive income


-


-


-


-


(1,526)


-


(1,526)




Total comprehensive income


-


-


-


-


(1,526)


23,875


22,349




Dividends


-


-


-


-


-


(22,891)


(22,891)




Issue of shares 


38


427


55


-


-


(25)


495




Issue of share capital against preference shares


10


-


-


(10)


-


-


-




Share-based payment


-


-


-


-


-


2,557


2,557




Current tax in respect of employee share options


-


-


-


-


1,565


-


1,565




Deferred tax in respect of employee share options


-


-


-


-


(3,014)


-


(3,014)




As at 1 April 2015


2,184


16,715


(962)


133


6,532


50,581


75,231




Profit for the year 


-


-


-


-


-


18,820


18,820




Other comprehensive income


-


-


-


-


197


-


197




Total comprehensive income


-


-


-


-


197


18,820


19,017




Dividends


-


-


-


-


-


(22,073)


(22,073)




Issue of shares 


38


1,794


84


-


-


(1,825)


91




Issue of share capital against preference shares


10


-


-


(10)


-


-


-




Share-based payment


-


-


-


-


-


3,290


3,290




Current tax in respect of employee share options


-


-


-


-


1,182


-


1,182




Deferred tax in respect of employee share options


-


-


-


-


(1,137)


-


(1,137)




As at 31 March 2016


2,280


18,509


(878)


123


6,774


48,793


75,601




 
 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement For the year ended 31 March 2016




 


31 March 2016
£'000


31 March 2015
£'000




Cash flows generated from operating activities


 


 




Cash generated from operations


34,992


37,641




Tax paid 


(5,298)


(6,454)




Net cash inflow generated from operating activities


29,694


31,187




Investing activities


 


 




Interest received and similar income


45


18




Purchase of assets held for sale


-


(12,470)




Purchase of property, plant and equipment


(373)


(1,995)




Net cash outflow used in investing activities


(328)


(14,447)




Financing activities


 


 




Equity dividends paid


(22,073)


(22,891)




Issue of share capital


-


440




Receipts in relation to investment in own shares


84


55




Net cash outflow from financing activities


(21,989)


(22,396)




Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


7,377


(5,656)




Cash and cash equivalents at start of the year


41,385


47,041




Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year


48,762


41,385




 
 
Selected notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2016
Principal Accounting Policies
General
Polar Capital Holdings plc (the 'Company') is a public limited company registered in England and Wales whose shares are traded on the Alternative Investment Market ("AIM") of the London Stock Exchange.
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
 Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and the Companies Act 2006 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, modified by the measurement at fair value of financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial instruments. The consolidated financial statements are presented in Sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (£'000), except when otherwise stated.
The Company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with FRS 102. The Company transitioned from previously extant UK GAAP to FRS 102 as at 1 April 2015 with no changes to its previously reported financial position or financial performance. No profit or loss account is presented for the Company as permitted under section 408 of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 31 March 2016. Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has:
•   Power over the investee; 
•   Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
•   The ability to use its power over the investee to affect returns.
The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date when such control ceases. 
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company and where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of the subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with those of the Group. All intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.
Operating Segments
The Group is a specialist investment management group offering professional and institutional investors a range of geographical and sector investment opportunities. The Group's assets under management are separated into products and services but as the strategic and financial management decisions are determined centrally, by the Chief Executive, the Group only has one class of business, being the provision of investment management and advisory services. The Group's revenue generating operations are in London, with small offices in Tokyo, Jersey, Connecticut and Geneva that do not generate any revenue.
        Geographical analysis of income (based on the residency of source)




 


31 March 2016 
£'000


31 March 2015 
£'000




UK


11,213


10,054




Ireland


64,480


70,952




Cayman


7,628


13,592




Europe


1,871


1,467




(Loss)/ profit on forward currency contracts


(940)


160




 


84,252


96,225




 
        Analysis of income by type of fees




 


31 March 2016
£'000


31 March 2015
£'000




Investment management fees


77,986


83,811




Investment performance fees


7,206


12,254




(Loss)/ profit on forward currency contracts


(940)


160




 


84,252


96,225




 
Earnings per Ordinary Share
The calculation of basic earnings per ordinary share is based on the profit for the year of £18,819,702 (2015: £23,873,443) and on 88,685,262 (2015: 86,924,177) ordinary shares, being the weighted number of ordinary shares.
The calculation of diluted earnings per ordinary share is based on the profit of the year of £18,819,702 (2015: £23,873,443) and 93,493,781 (2015: 94,000,334) ordinary shares, being the weighted average number of ordinary shares allowing for all options of 4,808,519 (2015: 7,076,157) which are dilutive.
The calculation of adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share is based on the profit for the year of £18,819,702 but adjusted for the cost of share-based payments of £3,290,173 (2015: profit of £23,873,443 adjusted for the cost of share-based payments of £2,557,462) and on 88,685,262 (2015: 86,924,177) ordinary shares, being the weighted number of ordinary shares.
The calculation of adjusted earnings per ordinary share is based on profit for the year of £18,819,702 but adjusted for the cost of share-based payments of £3,290,173 (2015: profit of £23,873,443 adjusted for the cost of share-based payments of £2,557,462) and 93,493,781 (2015: 94,000,334) ordinary shares being the weighted average number of ordinary shares allowing for all dilutive options.
As at 31 March 2016, the fully diluted number of ordinary shares which would be in issue is 94,948,510 (2015: 95,191,410) shares, if all outstanding options were exercised. 
 
 
Status of results announcement
The Board of Directors approved this results announcement on 23 June 2016. Whilst the financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as endorsed by the European Union, this announcement does not itself contain sufficient information to comply with all the disclosure requirements of IFRS and does not constitute statutory accounts of the Group for the years ended 31 March 2016 or 31 March 2015.
 
The financial information has been extracted from the statutory accounts of the Company for the years ended 31 March 2016 and 31 March 2015. The auditors reported on those accounts; their reports were unqualified and did not contain a statement under either Section 498 (2) or Section 498 (3) of the Companies Act 2006 and did not include references to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis.
 
The statutory accounts for the year ended 31 March 2015 have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies and those for the year ended 31 March 2016 will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies in due course.
 
Copies of Report and Accounts
The full annual report and accounts will be posted to shareholders in June 2016 and copies will be available thereafter from the Company Secretary at the Company's Registered Office, 16 Palace Street, London SW1E 5JD (020 7227 2700) or from the Company's website at www.polarcapital.co.uk
 
Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting will be held at 3:00pm on 29 July 2016 at the offices of the Company at 16 Palace Street, London SW1E 5JD
     
Directors




T H Bartlam


Non executive Chairman




T J Woolley


Chief Executive Officer




J B Mansell


Chief Operating Officer




H G C Aldous


Non executive director, Chairman of Audit Committee




M W Thomas


Non executive director, Chairman of Remuneration Committee




B J D Ashford-Russell


Non executive director




J M B Cayzer-Colvin


Non executive director




G V Bumeder


Non executive director




 
Forward looking statements
This preliminary announcement contains certain forward looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses and plans for Polar Capital Holdings plc.  These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that have not yet occurred.  There are a number of different factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements.  Nothing in this statement should be construed as a profit forecast.
 
The release, publication, transmission or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which this announcement is released, published, transmitted or distributed should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
 
 
 
Neither the contents of the Company's website nor the contents of any website accessible from the hyperlinks on the Company's website (or any other website) is incorporated into or forms part of this announcement.
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  FR AKNDQPBKDCAB
					
 
Note 1: Prices and trades are provided by Digital Look Corporate Solutions and are delayed by at least 15 minutes.
	 
 










Please remember
This website does not give personal advice based on your circumstances. It provides information and analysis so you can make your own informed investment decisions. The value of investments can fall as well as rise, and you may get back less than you invested. An investment’s past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Tax allowances and the benefits of tax-efficient accounts could change in the future.







Best online stockbroker



Overall client satisfaction



Best fund/stock picker



Self select ISA provider



Best customer service



Best execution only broker





Home
Accounts
Services
Find investments
Markets & news
New to investing
Help & Support







Contact us

[email protected]
Press office
More ways to contact us



Why Choose Us?

Who we are
Dealing options
Transfer to us
Using your account





WEEKLY ADVICE EMAIL
Tips & advice to help you to choose shares with confidence.

Register now



Mobile app
Keep track of your account on the go with our app.

Download our mobile app






Blog
Latest news
Videos



OPEN AN ACCOUNT

Share Dealing Account
Self-select Stocks & Shares ISA
Ready-made ISA
Ready-made Lifetime ISA
DIY Junior ISA
Ready-made Junior ISA
Self-Invested Personal Pension





»
    Open Account




» Sign In




Legal & Regulatory

Risk warning
Terms of business
Security & accreditation
Investment research policy
Privacy policy
Cookie policy









Help & support
Forms
Awards
Sitemap
Accessibility
Investor relations





Follow us: 
Facebook

Google+

YouTube

Twitter








The Share Centre Limited is a member of the London Stock Exchange and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is entered in the register under reference 146768. Registered office: Oxford House, Oxford Road, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, HP21 8SZ. Registered in England no. 2461949. VAT registration no. 596 3918 82.

















	Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc










































HOMEOVERVIEWINTRODUCTION TO THE TRUSTKEY FACTSINVESTMENT POLICYINVESTMENT TRUST TEAMABOUT POLAR CAPITALTRUST LITERATURE AND SHARE PRICE INFORMATIONSHARE PRICE INFORMATIONSHARE PRICE PERFORMANCEPORTFOLIO ANALYSISMONTHLY COMMENTARYTRUST UPDATESDOCUMENT LIBRARYINVESTING IN THE TRUSTNEW TO INVESTINGHOW TO INVESTFAQUSEFUL LINKSACCESS TO PCGH VIA PLATFORMSCORPORATE INFORMATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSCORPORATE GOVERNANCECONTACT INFORMATIONRNS ANNOUNCEMENTSWARNING TO SHAREHOLDERSDOCUMENT LIBRARY











GROWTH SECTOR

Healthcare is a growth sector in a low growth world
Healthcare is a long-term, secular growth sector as an older population drives the demand and the need for increased healthcare provision. Global healthcare spending was over $7.6 trillion in 2014 and is projected to grow faster than GDP. The political conundrum is how to deliver better healthcare to more people for less money. Healthcare companies with products or services that deliver demonstrable value and drive efficiency are well-placed for growth.


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 









HEALTHCARE DISRUPTED

Structural change creates new investment opportunities
Greater efficiency is the catalyst for information technology to finally disrupt 20th century healthcare systems. Technology is transforming the way that healthcare is managed, delivered and paid for and so changing the competitive structure of the industry. This shifting landscape creates investment opportunities that extend well beyond the familiar pharmaceutical companies.


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 









EXPERT KNOWLEDGE

Experienced team with a track record
Polar Capital’s Healthcare team is highly experienced with a broad and diversified skill-set and a strong track record. They anticipated the investment opportunity of an out-of-favour pharmaceutical sector in 2010 with the original launch of PCGH. As healthcare specialists, they combine expert knowledge with an investment process based on fundamental research, active stock-picking and careful risk management.


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 









IDENTIFYING WINNERS

Two-pronged investment strategy to profit from structural change
The team believes successful companies can be divided into two categories. The consolidators – large companies that recognise and adapt to change resulting in stable earnings and cash flow growth and compounding investment returns. The innovators – smaller companies with new products, services or business models that drive disruption.


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 


Click to view the video 
















Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (PCGH)
The Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc was launched in June 2010. In 2017 shareholders extended the life of the Company until 2025. It seeks to generate capital growth by investing in a global portfolio of healthcare stocks across all healthcare sectors.




LATEST ANNOUNCEMENTS& PUBLICATIONS


  2017 Half Year Report
31 Mar 2017
  Sector exposure summary
31 May 2017




SHARE PRICE
Ordinary
211.50p
Source: London Stock ExchangeDelayed by at least 15 minutesLast updated: 16:27 21.07.2017
For latest NAV, please refer to RNS Announcements



THE OPPORTUNITY





OFFERING DOCUMENTS

  Prospectus
12 May 2017
  Circular
12 May 2017
  New Articles
12 May 2017

Click here for Corporate Documents












Fraud Alert
Terms and Conditions
Site Feedback
Privacy Policy
Contact Us






© 2017 . All Rights Reserved . 
View desktop version . 
Login









                            Important Legal Information
                        


Launched in 2010, Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (“PCGH”) has grown to become a leading European investor with a multi-cycle track record. Managed by a team of dedicated healthcare specialists, the PCGH aims to maximise long-term capital growth by investing in a diversified portfolio of healthcare companies from around the world. The managers’ core belief in rigorous fundamental analysis, and being unconstrained by not following a benchmark, enables PCGH to deliver global equity market outperformance through exposure to a universe of over 3,000 companies.
By clicking on the buttons below, you are confirming that you are viewing this website from the UK and agree to the terms and conditions detailed below.



                                    Private Investor
                                
                                    Professional Investor
                                

Remember this choice for 30 days




The information contained within this website is issued by Polar Capital Global Healthcare Trust plc (“PCGH”) and its wholly owned subsidiary PCGH ZDP PLC and is provided for reference purposes only. Nothing herein is intended to be construed as an offer, invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity, or investment advice or recommendation, in relation to the shares of PCGH or its subsidiary, and should not be relied upon as such by any person. Prospective investors should take advice from their financial or other professional advisers before making any investment decision.
The information contained within this website is intended to be used for reference purposes only by persons in the UK. Nothing on this website is directed at any person outside the UK where the publication or availability of such information is prohibited or restricted. In particular, the information contained within this website is not intended for, and must not be accessed by or distributed or disseminated to, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, persons resident or physically present in the United States of America, including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia (together, the "United States"), Canada, Australia or Japan, and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire, any securities PCGH in the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan.  PCGH is an Alternative Investment Fund (“AIF”) under the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 2011/61/EU (“AIFMD”) managed by Polar Capital LLP the appointed Alternative Investment Fund Manager (“AIFM”). Polar Capital LLP is also the AIFM for PCGH ZDP PLC which is an AIF in its own right.  In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a “Member State”) which has implemented the AIFMD, shares may only be offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that a fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD or as the shares may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). As at the date of this document, neither PCGH nor PCGH ZDP PLC have been approved, notified or registered in accordance with the AIFMD for marketing to professional investors in any member state of the EEA.
Neither the securities of PCGH nor the securities of PCGH ZDP PLC referred to on this website (the "Securities") have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Neither PCGH nor PCGH ZDP PLC will be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and investors in the Securities will not be entitled to the protections of that Act.
PCGH and PCGH ZDP PLC are managed by Polar Capital LLP; Polar Capital LLP is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any information contained within this website.
If you are unsure about the meaning of any information provided on this website, please consult your financial or other professional adviser. Neither PCGH nor PCGH ZDP PLC can offer investment advice.
General Risk Warning
Please remember that past performance of an investment is not necessarily a guide to future performance. The value of an investment and the income from it can fall as well as rise as a result of market and currency fluctuations and you may not get back the amount originally invested. The market value of the shares of PCGH and the shares of PCGH ZDP PLC may not reflect the underlying net asset value of the investments held by PCGH.
PCGH is able to borrow to raise further funds for investment purposes if the fund manager and the board of directors consider that it may be commercially advantageous to do so. This is generally described as “gearing”. An investment trust which has made investments as a result of gearing may have a more volatile share price as a result; gearing can increase shareholder returns in rising markets but conversely can increase the extent to which the value of the funds attributable to shareholders decreases in falling markets.
Tax assumptions may change if the law changes, and the value of tax relief (if any) will depend upon your individual circumstances. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in order to understand any applicable tax consequences.
The shares of investment trusts may trade at a discount or a premium to Net Asset Value for a variety of reasons including market sentiment and market conditions.  On a sale you could realise less than the Net Asset Value and less than you initially invested.
Disclaimer
PCGH and PCGH ZDP PLC  believe that the information displayed on this website is accurate as at the date of publication, but do not guarantee the accuracy or correctness or timeliness of any information and disclaim all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation. Further, the information displayed may be amended at any time and without notice. By continuing to use this website, you agree to this exclusion to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, of any and all liability for any direct, indirect, punitive, consequential, incidental, special or other damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, revenue or data arising out of or relating to your use of and our provision of this website and its content. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of this website, or of its contents, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this website.
PRIVACY POLICY
You may visit this website without providing any personal information about yourself. Our servers may collect and hold domain name information of visitors to this website but this information is held only for the period that you are using the website and will be used on an anonymous, aggregated basis only for the purposes of measuring the use of and to improve the content of this website.
“Cookies” are used to process and record information concerning your visit to and use of the Website and identify you when you visit the Website and to enhance your experience of the Website. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that your internet browser places on your computer’s hard drive. “Cookies” may be used for remembering user names and preferences, tracking click streams and in the future for presenting users with personalised versions of the Website. You have the option of setting your browser to block “cookies”. Please refer to the "help" function of your internet browser for instructions. In some cases blocking “cookies” may reduce the functionality of the Website or prevent access to it depending on your chosen internet browser options. If you continue without changing your settings, it will be assumed that you are happy to receive all cookies on the website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Any personal information which you communicate to Polar Capital, for example your name or email address which you may provide if you contact Polar Capital by email, will be held and processed in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 and will be used only for the purposes of dealing with and responding to any such communication or fulfilling any other obligation which Polar Capital owes to you. If you have any questions in relation to the information Polar Capital hold about you or use of that information, please feel free to contact your Polar Capital representative. You have the right at any time to request a copy of the personal information which Polar Capital holds about you (subject to payment of a small administrative fee) and to correct any inaccuracies.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. You will be advised within this website of the last date on which any updates have been made. If you choose to bookmark pages within this website for future use, you agree that it is your responsibility to check whether any updates have been made since you last visited this website.
This website contains links to websites operated by third parties. We are not responsible for and make no representation or warranty as to the privacy practices of those third parties.
By accepting these terms and continuing to use this website you agree that any personal data you may supply to Polar Capital may be held and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of this site is subject to our site disclaimer and legal statement.























Appointment of Chief Executive | Polar Capital Hldgs (POLR) | RNS Company Announcements | Equities  | FE Trustnet

























 


















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table













Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
































Share


Tweet






 
                    Print   
                     
                    RSS





Polar Capital Hldgs (POLR)



Polar Capital Hldgs

Appointment of Chief Executive

RNS Number : 1750L Polar Capital Holdings PLC 17 July 2017  

17 July 2017                                               
Polar Capital Holdings plc
Appointment of Chief Executive - Gavin Rochussen
Further to the announcements made on 19 January 2017 (RNS 5468U and RNS 5473U) Polar Capital Holdings plc ("Polar Capital" or the "Group"), today announces the appointment of Gavin Rochussen as an Executive Director and he has taken up his duties as Chief Executive.  Gavin has also become a partner of Polar Capital LLP.
Mr Tim Woolley has with effect from today relinquished his executive duties and has moved to a non-executive position.
Tom Bartlam, Chairman of Polar Capital, commented: "I am delighted that Gavin Rochussen has taken up his post as our new Chief Executive. Gavin has an exceptional record as a CEO in the asset management industry and has a proven record in developing an institutional and overseas business, both areas of potential growth for Polar Capital in future years."
Share Award and Shareholdings
As announced on 19 January 2017 (RNS 5473U), on taking up his role as Chief Executive, Mr Rochussen has joined the Group's Executive Incentive Plan and has been granted a deferred, forfeitable award to the value of three million pounds (the "Award") of ordinary shares of the Group ("Ordinary Shares"). In order to satisfy the Award the Group's Employee Benefit Trust purchased 802,967 Ordinary Shares at an average purchase price of 373.6P per share. The Award vests in three equal traches on the first, second and third anniversary of its granting. This comprises the total interest of Mr Rochussen in Ordinary Shares under the Executive Incentive Plan.
Also as announced on 19 January, Mr Rochussen purchased a beneficial interest in one million Ordinary Shares which are held in the name of Amigona Holdings Inc. 
Enquiries:




Polar Capital Holdings PLC
Gavin Rochussen (CEO)
John Mansell (COO)


+44 (0)20 7227 2700




Canaccord Genuity - Nomad and Joint Broker
Simon Bridges  (QE)
Andrew Buchanan


+44 (0)20 7523 8000
 




Peel Hunt - Joint Broker
Guy Wiehahn


+44 (0)20 7418 8893




Camarco - PR Advisers
Ed Gascoigne-Pees


+44 (0)20 3757 4984




 


 
 
Disclosure as required in accordance with Schedule 2 of the AIM Rules for Companies:
Full Name: Gavin Mark Rochussen
Age: 57
Previous Names: None
Directorships: A full list of Gavin Rochussen's current directorships and past directorships held within the last five years were provided in the announcement on 19 January 2017 (RNS 5468U).  An updated list is provided below.
 Current Directorships (as at 17 July 2017)




Position


Company




Independent Partnership Advisor


James Hambro & Partners LLP




Governor and Director


Tonbridge School




Advisor


The Gani (IOM) Trust and Amigona Holdings Inc.




Past Directorships (in the last five years)




Position


Company




Chief Executive


J O Hambro Capital Management Limited




President and Director


JOHCM (USA) Inc.




Executive Director - International


J O Hambro Capital Management Holdings Limited




Director


BTIM UK Limited




Director


JOHCM (Singapore) Pte




Partner representative


James Hambro & Partners LLP




 
Apart from the disclosures above there are no further disclosures required to be made in respect of the appointment under Schedule 2(g) or Rule 17 of the AIM Rules for Companies
 
 
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  BOAEAKXLFFLXEFF











quick links
Equity Home
Equity Prices and Performance
Latest announcements


our product portfolio
www.trustnet.com
www.trustnetoffshore.com
www.trustnetmiddleeast.com


 
www.investegate.co.uk
www.fundlistings.com
FE Analytics


 
Data feeds
Factsheet and literature Production
Webtools










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com













 






The Stock Exchange of Thailand - Companies/Securities in Focus





























Language :

TH
EN








Language
Sign In





























                Language : 
                TH | 


                EN 



                













                  Search Symbol
                














           
        


















Sign Up
Forgot password

Keep me logged in











































Companies/Securities in Focus




POLAR : POLARIS CAPITAL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED


Company/Securities Search
Company Summary






Profile
F/S & Highlights
Major Shareholder
Rights & Benefits
News
Daily Quote
Historical Trading






Choose Symbol


POLAR
POLAR-W3











Company Name                 
POLARIS CAPITAL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED                 


Address
No. 349, SJ Infinite One Business Complex 12nd Floor, room  no. 1207, Vibhavadi Rangsit Rd., Chompol sub-district, Chatuchak Bangkok




Telephone
0-2931-2994,0-2514-2735-9


Fax
0-2931-2997


Website
www.polariscap.co.th 



 Annual Report 2013



 Financial Statement Yearly/2016





Company Summary                      






Trading Statistics (as of 21 Jul 2017)
                 



P/E 
N.A.                     


Dvd. Yield(%)
N.A.                     




P/BV                     
0.28                     


Market Cap. (M. Baht)                     
1,277.24                     









Market
SET


Industry
Property & Construction


Sector
Property Development


First Trade Date
16 Aug 1990



Capital Detail


Par Value
30.00 Baht                         


Common Stock


Authorized Capital
995,806,605,840.00 Baht


Paid-up Capital
255,448,826,010.00 Baht


Preferred Stock


Authorized Capital
 - 


Paid-up Capital
 - 




Foreign Limit
49.00000 %(as of 21/07/2017)                         


ISIN Number


  Local
TH0198B10Y05


  Foreign
TH0198B10Y13


  NVDR
TH0198010R10



Fiscal End
31/12


Company Auditor (Effective Until 31/12/2016)


MISS SUSAN EIAMVANICHA(SP AUDIT COMPANY LIMITED)
MR. SUCHART PANITCHAROEN(SP AUDIT COMPANY LIMITED)
MISS CHUENTA CHOMMERN(SP AUDIT COMPANY LIMITED)
MISS WANDEE EIAMVANICHA(SP AUDIT COMPANY LIMITED)
MISS YUPHIN CHUMJAI(SP AUDIT COMPANY LIMITED)










Shares Detail


Common Stock


Listed Share
8,514,951,720 Shares


Paid-up Stock
8,514,960,867 Shares
Voting Right Ratio
1 : 1


Treasury Stock
 - 


Voting Stock minus Treasury Stock


  as of 24 Jul 2017
8,514,960,867 Shares


  as of 30 Jun 2017
8,514,960,867 Shares


Preferred Stock


Listed Share
 - 


Treasury Stock
 - 


Voting Stock minus Treasury Stock


  as of 24 Jul 2017
 - 


  as of 30 Jun 2017
 - 






Dividend Policy
No more than 40% of the Company's net profit each year. The payment of dividends will, nonetheless, depend on economic conditions, operating profits, investment plans, and other relevant factors (with additional conditions)






Latest Board


Board of Directors
Position


Mr. ASA NINNAD
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


Mr. ASA NINNAD
CHAIRMAN OF BOARD OF DIRECTOR


Mr. ASA NINNAD
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR


Mr. ASA NINNAD
CHAIRMAN OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE


Mr. YANNAKORN WARAKUNRAK
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER


Mr. YANNAKORN WARAKUNRAK
DIRECTOR


Mr. POONSAK CHUMCHUAY
DIRECTOR


Mr. THAKORN TAWEESRI
DIRECTOR


Mr. DANUJ BUNNAG
DIRECTOR






Remark
        For foreign listed company (Secondary Listing), P/E P/BV and Dividend Yield are calculated by applying BOT exchange rates for comparison purpose only.
    





Related Info.


SET Index Series
Stock Quotes
Download listed companies results by industry group
Member of SET
SET Information Services



SET Note Quarterly Corporate Update
SEC Website
















	SET Group Websites	 
	



---------- Please Choose ----------
Capital Market Academy
Money Channel
SET Fin Mart
Settrade
TFEX
THAI NVDR





For more informationSET Contact Center

 +(66) 2009-9999  Fax +(66) 2009-9991
 SETContactCenter@set.or.th






































﻿
























 
	The Share Centre - Polar Capital latest news







Skip to main content


Cookies on The Share Centre Website
Close
Our website uses cookies to provide you with a good browsing  experience. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of  cookies. You can find out more, including how to disable cookies, in our Cookie Policy







                    About us


                    Blog


                    Careers


                    Contact us


                    FAQs


                    Awards


                    Forms


                    Videos
share.com
















Site Search






Company/EPIC/Symbol


Advanced share finder



»
    Open Account
»
    Free Trial


» Sign In







Home


Accounts & Services


>Compare investment accounts


Dealing accounts

Share Dealing Account
Investment Club

ISAs

Self-select Stocks & Shares ISA
Ready-made ISA
Lifetime ISA

Invest for your children

DIY Junior ISA
Ready-made Junior ISA
Junior Investment Account
Child Trust Fund

Pensions

SIPP

Practice Account
Dealing options

Standard dealing option
Frequent dealing option
Dealing option examples

Transfer to The Share Centre

Transfer from Invesco

Personalised Investment advice 
Corporate services
Estate administration & probate
Selling share certificates




Find Investments


>Find investments now


Find shares

Share tip of the week
Share tips for 2017
Recommended shares to buy
Our view on FTSE 100 shares
International shares
Shareholder perks
Advanced share finder

Find funds

Our funds of funds
Platinum 120 finest funds
Fund tips 2017
Our preferred index tracker funds
Target retirement funds
Fund finder

ETFs & ETCs
Investment trusts
IPOs & share offers




Markets & News


>Latest markets & news


FTSE 100 prices
FTSE 100 risers & fallers
Indices
Top-traded shares
Profit Watch UK report
News & reports

Blog
Today's early market news
Market reports
Economic news
What's happening this week?
Investment articles
Companies in the news
Events & announcements
Company meetings & resolutions

Press office

Our press releases
Meet our spokepeople





New to Investing


>New investors start here


Shareholder magazine
All about ISAs
FREE investment guides
Getting Started

What is an ISA?
ISA Calculator
About the FTSE 100
How the stock market works

Investment types

Stocks & shares
Funds
Gilts
Investment trusts
Exchange-traded products

Popular topics explained

ISA allowance 2017/18
ISA allowance 2016/17
Flexible ISA
How do I make money?
Lifetime ISA

Helpful articles

What is a tracker fund?
What is asset allocation?
ISA vs SIPP: which to choose?
Investment taxes
Transferring a cash ISA to a Stocks & Shares ISA
Retail bonds explained
Dividends and bond yields
What is a gilt?
6 figures to help you buy shares 

Beyond the basics

Investment measures explained
Charting help guide
Complex investments
Fundamental & technical analysis
Key company figures





HELP & SUPPORT


>Help & support


Contact us
Forms
Glossary
Sitemap
Using your account

Paying in
Ways to deal
Regular investing
Withdrawing
Tools to help you deal
Managing your dividends
Contract notes & statements
Company reports
Corporate actions
Tax allowances
Composite Tax Certificates

FAQs

Online access
Using your account
Buying and selling investments
Transferring investments to us
Accounts & services
Self Invested Personal Pension
Mobile app
Shareholder rights, meetings & perks








Home > Initial Public Offering (IPO) & Share Offer > Polar Capital latest news




Please remember: Our website can help you make informed decisions, not provide personalised advice. If your investments fall in value, you could lose money.
                    
                Tax allowances and the benefits of tax-efficient accounts could change.
            


















Polar Capital Global Healthcare Growth and Income Trust Share Offer: share allocation
Polar Capital Global Healthcare Growth and Income Trust shares have now been allocated to investors.
Allocation of shares
Shares have been allocated in full.
How to deal Polar Capital Global Healthcare Growth and Income Trust shares:
If you missed out on the share offer then dealing beings at 08:00 on 20 June on the London Stock Exchange.
For further information, please take a look at our Polar Capital Global Healthcare Growth and Income Trust frequently asked questions. Alternatively, please email [email protected] or call us on 01296 41 46 75.













IPO & SHARE OFFERS
Latest updates on recently announced IPOs and share offers.

» find out more














Please remember
This website does not give personal advice based on your circumstances. It provides information and analysis so you can make your own informed investment decisions. The value of investments can fall as well as rise, and you may get back less than you invested. An investment’s past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Tax allowances and the benefits of tax-efficient accounts could change in the future.







Best online stockbroker



Overall client satisfaction



Best fund/stock picker



Self select ISA provider



Best customer service



Best execution only broker





Home
Accounts
Services
Find investments
Markets & news
New to investing
Help & Support







Contact us

[email protected]
Press office
More ways to contact us



Why Choose Us?

Who we are
Dealing options
Transfer to us
Using your account





WEEKLY ADVICE EMAIL
Tips & advice to help you to choose shares with confidence.

Register now



Mobile app
Keep track of your account on the go with our app.

Download our mobile app






Blog
Latest news
Videos



OPEN AN ACCOUNT

Share Dealing Account
Self-select Stocks & Shares ISA
Ready-made ISA
Ready-made Lifetime ISA
DIY Junior ISA
Ready-made Junior ISA
Self-Invested Personal Pension





»
    Open Account




» Sign In




Legal & Regulatory

Risk warning
Terms of business
Security & accreditation
Investment research policy
Privacy policy
Cookie policy









Help & support
Forms
Awards
Sitemap
Accessibility
Investor relations





Follow us: 
Facebook

Google+

YouTube

Twitter








The Share Centre Limited is a member of the London Stock Exchange and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is entered in the register under reference 146768. Registered office: Oxford House, Oxford Road, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, HP21 8SZ. Registered in England no. 2461949. VAT registration no. 596 3918 82.






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









POLAR PRODUCTS, INC. Products  
 
  ONLINE SINCE 2002  866-316-0162 My Account Cart Login     Advanced Search    $10 OFF $100 (N/A on Incontinence) - Coupon: WD29OFF10    Home    POLAR PRODUCTS, INC. POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  Polar Products, Inc is a family-owned and operated business specializing in the design and manufacture of innovative, high-quality, competitively priced body cooling and hot and cold therapy systems.     Narrow Results ByFilter By Category Rehabilitation & Therapy (116)  Daily Aids (26)  Shop By Need (3)  Gift Ideas (1)   By Brand Active Ice (20)  Kool Max (14)  Cool Comfort (11)  Cool Flow (6)  Cool58 (6)  CoolFit (1)  See All...  ApplyCancel     FilterSort: By Relevance
Price - low to high
Price - high to low
    Polar Kool Max Adjustable Body Cooling Zipper Vest with Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $170.65$129.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Womens Fashion Vest with Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $172.85$128.85 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Active Ice Head Cap Cold Therapy System  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $318.95$268.95 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Torso Vest with Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $180.65$109.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Packs For Torso Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $85.45$54.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Slim Torso Vest with Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $94.45$69.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Active Ice Cold Therapy Bladders  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $79.95$56.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Secrets Torso Wrap with Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $82.55$53.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Cool58 Phase Change Poncho Cooling Vest with Cool58 Phase Change Pack Strips  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $225.85$168.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Poncho Vest with Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $168.85$124.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Body Cooling Packs For Poncho Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $80.65$49.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Cool58 Phase Change Adjustable Zipper Cooling Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $225.85$159.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Cool58 Phase Change Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $112.35$88.15 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Cool58 Phase Change Secrets Cooling Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $117.95$87.95 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Cool58 Phase Change Secrets Cooling Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $65.35$43.15 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Kool Max Adjustable Poncho Cooling Vest with Long Kool Max Pack Strips  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $265.00$189.90 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Cooling Seat And Back Cushion with Kool Max Packs  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $70.65$49.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Cool Comfort Deluxe Sports Cooling Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $85.75$39.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Cool Comfort Hidden Cooling Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $63.25$42.25 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Evaporative Cooling Vest  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $65.35$49.95 Save Upto 30%View Details  Polar Kool Max Poncho Vest Kit  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $315.35$243.99 Save Upto 30%View Details    Page 1 of 4 (84 total)      
           Hot and Cold Therapy Products | Rehabilitation & Therapy 
 
  ONLINE SINCE 2002  866-316-0162 My Account Cart Login     Advanced Search    $10 OFF $100 (N/A on Incontinence) - Coupon: WD29OFF10    Home    Rehabilitation & Therapy     Hot and Cold Therapy  Hot and Cold Therapy  Therapies using hot and cold wraps can provide absolute relief from different types of muscle or joint pain because of arthritis or injury. Heat opens up the blood vessels which increases the blood flow to a recurring affected area thus reducing pain while ice will reduce blood flow to a new injury reducing inflammation and swelling. At HPFY, you can look up the immense variety we have here for hot and cold packs/wraps, topical analgesics, cold packs and wraps, cold sprays and gels and hot packs and wraps. Pick your requirement from top manufacturers like Battle Creek, Polar Products, Maverick Sports, Core Products and many more.   show more   Hot/Cold Therapy Systems Heating Units Chilling Units Fluidotherapy Heat Therapy/Hot Packs Cold Therapy/Cold Packs Hot and Cold Therapy Accessories Fancy Packs, Wraps, Shawls and more Cooling Vests    Narrow Results ByFilter By Manufacturer POLAR PRODUCTS, INC. (84)  BREG INCORPORATED (64)  CHATTANOOGA GROUP (23)  MEDLINE INDUSTRIES (20)  CORE PRODUCTS (19)  GLACIER TEK (16)  PAIN MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES (13)  CARDINAL HEALTH (13)  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC (12)  BATTLE CREEK (11)  BROWN MEDICAL (9)  DJO INCORPORATED (8)  FABRICATION ENTERPRISES (8)  GRAHAM-FIELD HEALTH PRODUCTS, INC. (8)  IDEAL MEDICAL PRODUCTS (8)  NORTH COAST MEDICAL (7)  POLYGEL LLC (7)  CARA INCORPORATED (6)  KINETEC USA (5)  BODYMED (4)  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS (4)  FITTER INTERNATIONAL (4)  HEALTH ENTERPRISES (4)  MABIS DMI HEALTHCARE (4)  CRYODERM (3)  IGLOO PRODUCTS CORP (3)  KAZ USA INC (3)  WARMERS.COM (3)  COVIDIEN/MEDTRONIC (2)  CYBERTECH MEDICAL (2)  DRIVE MEDICAL (2)  MADDAK, INC. (2)  SCRIP HESSCO (2)  SOUTHWEST TECHNOLOGIES, INC (2)  3M (1)  AQUA-CEL CORPORATION (1)  CAPTAIN SPORTS, INC (1)  CHATTEM INC (1)  COMPLETE MEDICAL SUPPLIES,INC (1)  CONAIR CORPORATION (1)  COSRICH GROUP INC (1)  CRAMER COMPANIES (1)  DYNAREX CORPORATION (1)  GAYMAR INDUSTRIES, INC. (1)  HUDSON MEDICAL (1)  KT HEALTH (1)  MISSION PRODUCT HOLDINGS, INC (1)  MMJ LABS (1)  NATRACURE (1)  PARKER LABS (1)  PATTERSON MEDICAL (1)  POLAR TECH INDUSTRIES, INC (1)  PROSERIES LLC (1)  Pro-Tec Athletics (1)  SKIL CARE CORP (1)  SOMBRA PROFESSIONAL THERAPY PRODUCTS (1)  THE BROBE (1)  See All...  By Brand Active Ice (20)  Kool Max (14)  Cool Comfort (11)  Sealed Ice (9)  Aircast (8)  Accu-Therm (7)  Cool Flow (6)  Cool58 (6)  Relief Pak (6)  Lumex (4)  Thermophore (4)  Bed Buddy (3)  Good2Go (3)  Ice It (3)  Curad (2)  Elasto-Gel (2)  Grafco (2)  Hydrocollator (2)  Norco (2)  Accu-life (1)  AQUA-RELIEF (1)  CoolFit (1)  Cramer (1)  HealthSmart (1)  Ice brix (1)  Kendall (1)  Therabeads (1)  Thera-Med (1)  See All...  Latex Option Latex Free (1)   By Price Range  $10.00    $10.00 - $50.00    $50.00 - $100.00    $100.00 - $200.00    $200.00 - $400.00    $400.00 - $600.00    $600.00   See All...  ApplyCancel     FilterSort: By Relevance
Price - low to high
Price - high to low
    Breg Polar Care Kodiak Cold Therapy System  BREG INCORPORATED  $149.99$129.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Breg Polar Care Cube Cold Therapy System With WrapOn Shoulder Pad  BREG INCORPORATED  $199.99$169.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Breg Polar Care Glacier Cold Therapy System  BREG INCORPORATED  $199.99$169.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Breg Polar Care Cube Cold Therapy System  BREG INCORPORATED  $149.99$122.49 Save Upto 20%View Details  Breg Polar Care Kodiak Combo Cold Therapy System With Intelli-Flo Shoulder Pad  BREG INCORPORATED  $205.32$182.99 Save Upto 10%View Details  Polar Active Ice Cold Therapy System with 9 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $185.45$140.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Polar Active Ice Cold Therapy System with 15 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $232.99$189.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Polar Active Ice Head Cap Cold Therapy System  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $318.95$268.95 Save Upto 40%View Details  Pain Management Aqua Relief Hot and Cold Therapy System  PAIN MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES  $199.99$139.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Pain Management Arctic Ice Cold Therapy System  PAIN MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES  $149.99$103.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Polar Active Ice Double Cold Therapy System with 9 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $265.95$219.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Polar Active Ice Cold Knee Therapy System with 9 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $200.45$157.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Polar Active Ice Double Cold Knee Therapy System with 9 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $303.95$277.99 Save Upto 10%View Details  Polar Active Ice Cold Knee Therapy System with 15 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $249.99$207.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  Polar Active Ice Double Cold Knee Therapy System with 15 Quart Cooler  POLAR PRODUCTS, INC.  $346.95$299.99 Save Upto 20%View Details    Page 1 of 28 (414 total)      
           Electrotherapy Products | Rehabilitation & Therapy 
 
  ONLINE SINCE 2002  866-316-0162 My Account Cart Login     Advanced Search    $10 OFF $100 (N/A on Incontinence) - Coupon: WD29OFF10    Home    Rehabilitation & Therapy     Electrotherapy  Electrotherapy  Electrotherapy has been found to be useful for treating some medical conditions such as pain management, incontinence, blood flow, neuromuscular dysfunction, joint mobility, tissue repair and edema. HPFY offers a wide range of electrotherapy products which includes electrodes, ultrasound therapy devices, TENS and EMS units and combination units, conductive garments, electrotherapy skin care items and more. You will find amazing deals on all these products. Renowned manufacturers and brands are featured here including Unipatch, Kendall, BioKnit, BioStim, Metron and Grafco.   show more   Combination Units TENS / EMS Electrodes Lead Wires Electrotherapy Skin Preparation Misc. Electrotherapy Ultrasound Therapy Defibrillator    Narrow Results ByFilter By Manufacturer BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS (41)  PAIN MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES (38)  CHATTANOOGA GROUP (38)  COVIDIEN/MEDTRONIC (21)  COMPLETE MEDICAL SUPPLIES,INC (12)  AXELGAARD MANUFACTURING CO., LTD. (11)  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC (11)  NORTH COAST MEDICAL (10)  DRIVE MEDICAL (9)  RELIAMED (8)  3M (5)  BODYMED (5)  IOMED INC (5)  ITA-MED CO. (5)  PHILIPS MEDICAL SYSTEMS (5)  ZOLL MEDICAL CORPORATION (5)  GRAHAM-FIELD HEALTH PRODUCTS, INC. (4)  METTLER ELECTRONICS (4)  IRELIEV (3)  OMRON HEALTHCARE, INC. (3)  PARKER LABS (3)  ADVANCED ORTHOPAEDICS (2)  AMREX-ZETRON INC (2)  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS (2)  FABRICATION ENTERPRISES (2)  MEDICAL JOINT VENTURES INC (2)  MEDLINE INDUSTRIES (2)  ROSCOE MEDICAL (2)  ZEWA, INC (2)  BIO PROTECH (1)  BRANDT INDUSTRIES (1)  CARDIAC SCIENCE (1)  CHATTEM INC (1)  DYNATRONICS (1)  ECO MED PHARMACEUTICAL INC (1)  GROW WITH PLAY CORPORATION (1)  HOLLYWOG (1)  MABIS DMI HEALTHCARE (1)  METTLER ELECTRONICS CORP (1)  MISC MANU (1)  NICE PAK PRODUCTS, INC. (1)  PHARMACEUTICAL INNOVATIONS (1)  RESPIRONICS (1)  SCRIP HESSCO (1)  TEIKOKU PHARMA USA (1)  THE PROMETHEUS GROUP (1)  ZIMMER MEDIZIN SYSTEMS (1)  See All...  By Brand Unipatch (11)  Kendall (9)  BioKnit (8)  BioStim (6)  BLUE JAY (6)  Grafco (4)  ActivaPatch (3)  Itens (3)  Impulse (2)  Norco (2)  Rebound (2)  BioCon (1)  Dura-Stick (1)  EMS 2000 (1)  I -Guard (1)  Iontopatch (1)  PDI (1)  Quadstar (1)  WiTouch (1)  Zewa (1)  See All...  Latex Option Latex Free (1)   By Price Range  $10.00    $10.00 - $50.00    $50.00 - $100.00    $100.00 - $200.00    $200.00 - $350.00    $350.00 - $500.00    $500.00 - $750.00    $750.00 - $1000.00    $1000.00 - $1500.00    $1500.00 - $2500.00    $2500.00 - $5000.00    $5000.00 - $10000.00    $10000.00   See All...  ApplyCancel BUYING GUIDES  Can electrotherapy be used in the treatment of wounds?  What is a TENS unit used for?      FilterSort: By Relevance
Price - low to high
Price - high to low
    Axelgaard Ultrastim Garment And Pad Electrode System  AXELGAARD MANUFACTURING CO., LTD.  $89.95$68.15 Save Upto 20%View Details  Axelgaard Ultrastim Garment And Pad Electrodes  AXELGAARD MANUFACTURING CO., LTD.  $11.45$7.15 Save Upto 30%View Details  Bilt-Rite Conductive Elbow Support  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC  $80.65$56.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Bilt-Rite Conductive Fabric Glove  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC  $80.65$56.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Bilt-Rite Conductive Knee Support  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC  $80.65$56.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Bilt-Rite Conductive Socks  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC  $80.65$56.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Bilt-Rite TENS And EMS Belt  BILT-RITE MASTEX HEALTH INC  $40.85$27.99 Save Upto 50%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Conductive Cervical Garment  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $115.65$76.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Conductive Fabric Glove  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $75.55$45.59 Save Upto 40%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Conductive Fabric Sleeves  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $75.55$45.59 Save Upto 40%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Conductive Fabric Socks  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $75.55$45.59 Save Upto 40%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Conductive Sport Shoulder Garment  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $160.65$109.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Full Back Conductive Vest  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $325.60$209.90 Save Upto 40%View Details  Biomedical BioKnit Universal Conductive Back Brace  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $180.65$139.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  BioMedical BioKnit Universal Knee Brace with Fabric Conductive Electrodes  BIOMEDICAL LIFE SYSTEMS  $140.65$89.99 Save Upto 40%View Details    Page 1 of 19 (282 total)      
           Health Products For You - Giving Day Community  
  ONLINE SINCE 2002  866-316-0162 My Account Cart Login     Advanced Search    $10 OFF $100 (N/A on Incontinence) - Coupon: WD29OFF10    Our Community 




Dear Customers,


Thank you again for another successful GIVING DAY.


With your help we have been able to touch the lives of abused women, special needs children, under privileged kids, brave soldiers and homeless youth of our country.


This month let us touch the lives of our furry friends and the people they help. Yes, I am talking about service dogs. Dogs that make children with autism safe from the dangers they might face when they wander. Dogs that help kids with seizures sleep in their own bed. Dogs that help children with disabilities and veterans who have lost use of their limb or hearing.

So we would like to give 10% of our sales on GIVING DAY to 4 Paws for Ability, a nonprofit, 501(c)(3) organization based in Ohio. Their mission is to place quality service dogs with children with disabilities and veterans who have lost use of limbs or hearing; help with animal rescue, and educate the public regarding use of service dogs in public places. They train dogs as Autism Assistance Dogs, Diabetic Alert Dogs, Facilitated Guide Dogs, FASD Assistance Dogs, Hearing Ear Dogs, Mobility Assistance Dogs, Seizure Assistance Dogs, Veterans Assistance Dogs and more. There is a lot of work that goes in to prepare these service dogs for the role they play and the miracle they become. We thank the team at 4 Paws for Ability for the miracles they have done and the joy they have brought in the lives of many.


So please join me on August 11th to support 4 Paws for Ability and their service dogs. Shop more to give more.


Thank you for being our partner and believing in us.


Naheed Quaisar
Co-Founder and CEO












Help us spread the word
Please help us get the word out. Together, we can give ‘4 Paws for Ability’ the support it needs to breed, socialize, train and place service dogs with children and veterans. Starting from their in-house breeding program to final ceremony of a publicly socialized dog, they need all the help and support from us.
Ways to share...



 &nbsp Share it on Facebook





&nbsp
Tweet it on Twitter




&nbsp
Tell your friends & family



&nbsp
Print and post it at work












In 1995, Karen Shirk was told she was too disabled to receive a service dog. She decided to make sure no one else ever had to hear those words.
4 Paws for Ability is the embodiment of Karen’s vision - a nonprofit organization that breeds, socializes, trains, and places service dogs with children and veterans. Since its inception in 1998, 4 Paws has paired over 1,100 trained service dogs to people living with a variety of disabilities. With a team of 75 employees and over 600 volunteers, 4 Paws now places over 100 dogs per year. 4 Paws dogs (and the humans they love and serve) can be found in almost all 50 statesas well as Australia, Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, and Switzerland. 


Our first priority is always to reunite our youth with healthy, functional family. For the majority of our kids for whom family is not an option, we give them an educational & vocational assessment and help them find a job that suits their skills and interest. We offer many services to help, from mock interviews & resume writing classes to workshops on basic life skills and healthy relationships.





Dogs trained through 4 Paws meet the criteria for ‘service animals’ as defined by the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA). These dogs serve in diverse areas:
• Diabetic alert
• Seizure alert
• Hearing assistance
• Autism assistance
• Mobility assistance
• Multipurpose assistance
• PTSD assistance
• Assistance for children with Fetal Alcohol
• Syndrome Disorder (FASD)/drug exposure


















The 4 Paws journey begins with an in-house breeding program that produces healthy dogs with the behavioral profile needed to succeed as an assistance animal. The dogs are accustomed to human interaction from their first day of life; staff and volunteers assist in the whelping rooms and continuously monitor the new litters. As soon as the puppies are weaned, they are moved to the Puppy House. This is a popular volunteer opportunity; imagine walking into a house full of puppies, spending hours playing and cuddling with them!
Puppies soon begin public socialization. This is a critical time in a puppy’s development. Puppies, under careful supervision, are slowly exposed to various stimuli - crowds, grass, leashes, service dog vests - to acclimate them to life as a service dog. They are then moved out of the puppy house and into the care of a puppy raiser.
Some of our dogs enter a traditional foster home setting, with volunteers who commit not only to the raising of a puppy that is not their own, but also to the challenging (and rewarding) task of exposing that puppy to the widest possible number of socialization opportunities. Other dogs spend time at one of four Ohio correctional facilities we use for four-six weeks learning basic obedience, potty training, and crate training by vetted inmates who attend a weekly class with a 4 Paws trainer.




Other puppies join the 4 Paws University program. Currently, 4 Paws partners with 25 universities within a three-hour radius of the facility; student organizations are established on these campuses to foster several dogs at a time, often in teams that allow for greater diversity in the puppies’ experiences. College campuses provide an enormous variety of socialization opportunities, from classroom environments (important for those dogs who will serve a school-aged child) to sporting events. Many of our 4 Paws dogs have walked with their college fosters across the stage as the students receive their diplomas; the students love the chance to share this important achievement with their foster pup, who helped make their college experience so memorable and rewarding.
Around one year of age, the professional training staff at 4 Paws evaluate each dog to determine if the dog meets the strict criteria necessary to continue in advanced training. Some dogs are not selected for advanced training; at this point, they are made available for adoption. The 4 Paws team likes to call these dogs the ‘fabulous flunkies’ - loving dogs who fell just short of the narrow standards needed for service doghood. Many happy dog owners have found their perfect companion - and many happy dogs have found ‘forever homes’ - through the adoption program. 
The dogs who continue in the advanced training program begin rigorous instruction with the training staff. It is here the dog is trained for the specific task that will serve their ‘match’ - the child or veteran who has been on their own journey while their service dog in training has been working so hard. 


















The dog, you see, is only half the team.
While the dog has been learning everything from ‘sit’ to ‘leave it’ to the intricate training required to alert a potential medical crisis, the recipient of the dog has been busy. Service dogs are not covered by most insurance plans, and a fully trained service dog through 4 Paws costs between $40,000-$60,000. Families who have been approved by 4 Paws are asked to pay or fundraise $17,000 (except veterans who are completely free); 4 Paws provides promotional assistance and training during the fundraising process. Most families have multiple events during their fundraising period. Some families raise the required amount; others find they raise enough money to cover the full cost of the dog. Excess funds are administered through 4 Paws to families who may have fallen short during the fundraising process, adhering to one of the most fundamental principles of the 4 Paws mission: no one approved through the 4 Paws application process is denied because of the inability to pay.
The final steps of the journey are made together by the child or veteran with disabilities and the service dog who has been trained as their companion. The final two weeks of training show the recipient how to work with (and begin life with) a new service dog. During this time, the bonding process begins - the start of a lifetime partnership between human and canine.
A graduation ceremony at the end of the training allows the puppy raisers and the new service dog families to celebrate the successful completion of the training process, connecting individuals who were impacted by the raising and training of these dogs.





http://www.4pawsforability.org/























Covenant House New Orleans was founded on the edge of the French Quarter 30 years ago to provide a safe haven for homeless, runaway, and at-risk youth (ages 22 and under). We have provided over 20,000 kids with food, shelter, clothing, medical care, educational and vocational support, individual and family counseling, job readiness and placement, short & long-term housing, life skills, and more.
The vast majority of our youth have endured physical and/or sexual abuse and have also experienced the violence of the streets. Our counselors estimate 85% suffer from some form of traumatic stress disorder. Tulane’s Cowen Institute estimates there are 26,000 at-risk youth in our community. Our first priority is always to reunite our youth with healthy, functional family. For the majority of our kids for whom family is not an option, we give them an educational & vocational assessment and help them find a job that suits their skills and interest.


http://www.covenanthouseno.org

















Soldiers’ Angels provides aid and comfort to the men and women of the United States Army, Marines, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, and their families and a growing veteran population. Soldiers’ Angels was established in 2003 by the mother of a son who was deployed to Iraq. She began sending care packages to her son and was then asked to not only send more care packages to many more deployed but to also assist with other needs. September 11th was a catalyst that inspired Americans to support the military and help out any way they could. Soldiers’ Angels was created as an opportunity for them to provide that support with care packages, hand-sewn blankets, letters, cards, and other items from ‘home’.
In just 14 years, since this small beginning of sending care packages, Soldiers’ Angels has grown to over 12 Programs with over 100,000 volunteers nationwide. Most of the programs and services offered by Soldiers’ Angels are performed by volunteers who work tirelessly supporting our nation’s veterans, wounded warriors, deployed service members and their families.


http://www.soldiersangels.org




















On May 12th, HPFY donated 10% of the day’s sales to ‘Asha for Education’. Asha for Education took roots in 1991 when a group of students including Deepak Gupta, Sandeep Pandey, and VJP Srivatsavoy from the University of Berkeley, CA got together and discussed ways to bring about a socio-economic change in India. The group was formed with a belief that education is a requisite to bring about the much needed socio economic change in India. It was named ‘Asha’, meaning ‘hope’. Since then, Asha for Education has grown via its chapters, and today has more than 65 chapters worldwide.
 Asha for Education is a 501(c)(3) organization in the US. Each year, our work touches the lives of several thousands of children across a few hundreds of projects. We have no offices, and 100% of our efforts are driven by unpaid volunteers. All donations are tax deductible, and we have earned a reputation for sending >98% of donations to our projects.


http://www.ashanet.org























On April 14th, HPFY donated 10% of the day’s sales to ‘Doug Fluite, Jr. Foundation for Autism’. The Flutie Foundation awards grants to individuals and families dealing with the challenges of autism.
The Doug Flutie, Jr. Foundation for Autism, Inc. was established in 1998 by former NFL quarterback Doug Flutie and his wife, Laurie, in honor of their son, Doug, Jr. who was diagnosed with autism at the age of three. Through their General Grants, Joeys Fund, Allison Keller Technology fund and other programs and initiatives, The Flutie Foundation awards grants to individuals and families dealing with the challenges of autism as well as to the organizations that support them. The grants that they provide give individuals with autism access to much needed educational and other support services, autism specific active lifestyles programs and assistance with transitioning to adult independence. In addition The Flutie Foundation, through their grant programs, awards grants to nonprofit organizations that provide direct services such as family support, education, advocacy and recreational opportunities for individuals with autism.


http://www.flutiefoundation.org
























On March 10th, two days after International Women’s day, HPFY donated 10% of the day’s sales to Women’s of Danbury.
Since 1975, the Women’s Center of Greater Danbury has been a safe haven as the sole provider of services to victims of domestic and sexual violence in the Northern Fairfield and Southern Litchfield County areas. Each year the Center serves over 25,000 individuals from our area communities. Our FREE and confidential services are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. The Center’s key areas of focus include emergency shelter and support services, counseling and advocacy, crisis intervention, and community education, primary prevention and training.
All funds provided to the Center support our critically needed domestic violence, sexual assault, and resource services for adults and children in our 13-town service area, including: Bethel, Bridgewater, Brookfield, Danbury, Kent, New Fairfield, New Milford, Newtown, Redding, Ridgefield, Roxbury, Sherman and Washington.


http://www.wcogd.org
















UPCOMING GIVING DAYS









   
          Light Therapy Products | Rehabilitation & Therapy 
 
  ONLINE SINCE 2002  866-316-0162 My Account Cart Login     Advanced Search    $10 OFF $100 (N/A on Incontinence) - Coupon: WD29OFF10    Home    Rehabilitation & Therapy     Light Therapy  Light Therapy  This therapy uses products like anti-depressant lamp systems and eye protectors and shields to fight against SAD and to avoid ill-effects from phototherapy and laser treatments.     Narrow Results ByFilter By Manufacturer THE SUNBOX COMPANY (7)  NORTHERN LIGHT TECHNOLOGIES (6)  LED TECHNOLOGIES, INC (5)  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS (4)  PAIN MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES (1)  GRAHAM-FIELD HEALTH PRODUCTS, INC. (1)  UPLIFT TECHNOLOGIES INC. (1)  See All...  By Brand SunRay (2)  Carex (1)  Sunlight Jr (1)   Light Therapy products Desk Lamp (12)  Anti-Ageing (2)  Ceiling Lamp (2)  Dawn Simulators (2)  Floor Lamp (2)  Pain Relief (2)  Acne (1)  Replacement Bulbs (1)  See All...  By Price Range  $10.00    $10.00 - $50.00    $50.00 - $100.00    $100.00 - $200.00    $200.00 - $400.00    $400.00 - $600.00    $600.00   See All...  ApplyCancel     FilterSort: By Relevance
Price - low to high
Price - high to low
    Pain Management Theralamp Relieve Joint And Muscle Pain Relief Infrared Therapy  PAIN MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES  $112.99$85.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Carex Day-Light Classic Plus Therapy Lamp  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS  $289.99$203.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Carex Day-Light Sky Bright Light Therapy System  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS  $295.85$192.97 Save Upto 40%View Details  Carex Replacement Bulbs for Day-Light Sky Light Therapy System  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS  $18.95$12.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  Carex SunLite Bright Light Brown Therapy Lamp  CAREX HEALTH BRANDS  $175.75$124.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  Graham-Field E Series Hand-Held UV-A Lamps  GRAHAM-FIELD HEALTH PRODUCTS, INC.  $212.50$144.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  LED Technologies DPL II Deep Penetrating Ant-Aging Light Therapy Panel System  LED TECHNOLOGIES, INC  $449.00$349.00 Save Upto 30%View Details  LED Technologies Revive Acne Treatment Essentials Light Therapy System  LED TECHNOLOGIES, INC  $55.02$49.00 Save Upto 10%View Details  LED Technologies Revive Essentials Anti-Aging Light Therapy System  LED TECHNOLOGIES, INC  $55.02$49.00 Save Upto 10%View Details  Led Technologies Revive Light Therapy Pain Relief System  LED TECHNOLOGIES, INC  $178.99$159.00 Save Upto 20%View Details  LED Technologies Revive XL Clinical Deep-Penetrating Pain Relief Light Therapy  LED TECHNOLOGIES, INC  $250.00$199.00 Save Upto 20%View Details  Northern Light Technologies BOXelite Desk Lamp  NORTHERN LIGHT TECHNOLOGIES  $329.99$240.00 Save Upto 30%View Details  Northern Light Technologies Flamingo  NORTHERN LIGHT TECHNOLOGIES  $360.00$260.00 Save Upto 30%View Details  Northern Light Technologies Lumie Bodyclock Active 250 Dawn Simulator  NORTHERN LIGHT TECHNOLOGIES  $239.99$169.00 Save Upto 30%View Details  Northern Light Technologies SADelite Desk Lamp  NORTHERN LIGHT TECHNOLOGIES  $327.99$230.00 Save Upto 30%View Details    Page 1 of 2 (25 total)      
           