























	Yuanta Securities (HongKong)
































































Member of Yuanta FHC

Subsidiaries
Yuanta Financial Holdings
Yuanta Securities
Polaris Securities
Yuanta Bank
Yuanta Securities Finance
Yuanta Investment Trust
Polaris Fund
Yuanta Investment Consulting
Yuanta Futures
Polaris MF Global Futures
Yuanta Venture Capital
Yuanta Asset Management


 





                                     
                                





                                     
                                





                                     
                                






























































Home > 
                    About Us



































Hong Kong


































Taiwan


































Mainland China


































The Accomplishments
































                                         
                                    






                                                Taiwan



About Polaris
                                            As the leading brand for financial innovation and specializes in Great China Capital
                                            market, the growth of Polaris Financial Group (PFG) was centered around Polaris
                                            Securities, which was established in 1988. To date, the group has total assets exceeding
                                            NT$300 billion, and its business covers Polaris International Securities Investment
                                            Trust, Polaris MF Global Futures etc. It offers “trans-regional”
                                            and “trans-platform” high quality services to investors in Asia.

Pioneer of Online Trading
                                            PFG has successfully redefined the financial market through financial innovation.
                                            It introduced E-Winner in 1998, the first online trading platform in Taiwan to incorporate
                                            stocks, futures, and options. E-Winner has dominated the market of online trading
                                            for almost ten years and is the most widely used brokerage software in Taiwan.

                                            In 2002, PFG introduced an options online trading platform well ahead of the industry
                                            in aimed at simplifying options trading for Taiwan index futures and modularing
                                            trading strategies. Not only did this breakthrough lead to imitations by many competitors,
                                            Taiwan has become world's third largest options exchange while its futures ranks
                                            among world's top twenty derivative exchanges.
                                            

Multidimensional wealth management services
                                            In November 2005, wealth management in Taiwan was officially under government supervision
                                            in an attempt to ensure consistency in service quality among banks and wealth managers.
                                            PFG thus revolutionized the present wealth management structure with the introduction
                                            of Taiwan’s first online wealth management platform, Smart FP, to provide world-class
                                            professional wealth management services to retirees and investors.

                                            The Smart FP system focuses on customized financial analysis and the privacy and
                                            freedom of personal financial management. To maximize the performance of its wealth
                                            management, PFG cooperated with Russell Investment Group, the world’s largest pension
                                            investment institution, to launch the introduction of the world renowned Multi-manager
                                            Funds to provide investors long-term retirement planning services.
                                            

Leader ETF and Asset Management
                                            PFG's leadership not only lies in innovative brokerages, but also in the introduction
                                            of new financial products. In 2003, Polaris International Securities Investment
                                            Trust (PISIT) obtained the authority to issue Taiwan's first ETF. The Polaris Taiwan
                                            Top 50 Tracker Fund (TTT) was successfully marking new world records including the
                                            shortest preparation taken to public listing, the largest initial offering, and
                                            undergoing the most amended regulations. TTT has become an investment target to
                                            foreign investors.

                                            The establishment of the TTT marks a big step forward in the globalization and diversification
                                            of Taiwanese funds. It was accredited the Most Innovative Product in Taiwan by Asia
                                            Asset Management Magazine , a world renown financial media. PISIT is not only a
                                            ETF specialist , it commands over 90% of total ETF-invested assets in Taiwan. “P-shares”
                                            is the brand name for offering a comprehensive line of ETF and will be listed on
                                            overseas stock exchange.
                                            

Innovator of Financial Engineering
                                            The Polaris name is associated with financial innovation in Taiwan. Other than being
                                            the pioneer of Taiwan’s financial innovation and devoting to new product designs,
                                            PFG has also established leadership position in financial engineering. PFG is also
                                            a leading house of equity derivatives and is the largest market-maker of index futures
                                            and options. The futures proprietary trading division of Polaris MF Global Futures
                                            is the top investment performer in Taiwan’s futures market.

                                            In asset management, Polaris International Securities Investment Trust (PISIT) has
                                            an exclusive quantitative investment division called P-MAX who provides quantitative
                                            investment services to corporate customers and introduces diverse financial products
                                            for investors. Currently PISIT is the first asset management company in Taiwan with
                                            an exclusive quantitative investment R&D department.
                                            

Dominate of Options & Futures
                                            Eying the potential growth of derivatives, PFG has been aggressively promoting the
                                            futures and options trading platforms. The transaction volume of domestic futures
                                            has grown by more than 90% over the last three years, commanding a 15.7% market
                                            share. The transaction of options was even more promising, growing from the initial
                                            6,000 units to over 1 million units in 2007. Together with volumes from market-maker
                                            , PFG commands a 20% market share in domestic options.

                                            Polaris MF Global Futures is the largest futures broker and as the leading broker
                                            for both domestic and offshore markets in Taiwan. It gained recognition of the CME
                                            Group in 2004 for its strong analytical talents and robust risk management, and
                                            was qualified as the first gold market-maker in Asia. Currently, Polaris MF Global
                                            Futures has not only secured the leadership in domestic and offshore futures markets
                                            for five consecutive years, but is also the first futures broker-dealer to be listed
                                            over the OTC.

Strong Great China Corporate Finance Presence
                                            The underwriting business opportunities have always fall into the hands of international
                                            investment banks, at year 2000, since the set-up of Polaris Capitals in year 2000,
                                            combine with Polaris Securities Capital Market, Yuanta Securities (Hong Kong) Company Limited,
                                            and Polaris Securities (Shanghai) Co., pave a way for Polaris Financial Group to
                                            enter international capital market and investment banking business, in merely 7
                                            years, it has accomplished several number one records in the market.

                                            At year 2003, successfully raised 104 million USD for SAMPO Corporation through
                                            GDR, and it is the first Taiwan securities brokerages houses to be the lead underwriters;
                                            at year 2006, Polaris Capital successfully assist HannStar Board International Holdings
                                            Limited to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with 10 times over subscriptions
                                            by the international investors, and 312 times over subscriptions by the local public
                                            offerings, and combine capital raised for $78 million USD, breaking the record for
                                            the Taiwanese enterprise to raise capital at IPO stage in Hong Kong, Polaris’ remarkable
                                            performances at the international capital market, not only proven that Polaris has
                                            comprehensive clienteles base and also its innovation, professional management and
                                            corporate reputations has set up new role model for Taiwan securities houses to
                                            transform into investment bank.
                                            

Visionary Global Expansion
                                            Being Taiwan's leader of innovative financial products, PFG’s highest brand value
                                            and competitive advantage lies in “cultivating the local financial market with a
                                            global vision”. The spirit of globalization is not merely establishing overseas
                                            branches, but exporting our product designs. With offices in Hong Kong, Beijing,
                                            Shanghai and Guangzhou, working closely together ,Polaris Securities has established
                                            a truly unique Greater China presence. This is an unrivalled advantage both deal
                                            flows and fund flows. Going forward, PFG will establish its presence where capitals
                                            accumulation, such as New York, London, Vietnam, Singapore and Abu Dhabi, and striving
                                            forward for its global deployment.


Introduction to Polaris Securities
                                                    Established in 1988, Polaris Securities (TSE Code 2854) is a leader of online trading
                                                    and financial innovation . With over twenty years of dedication to the innovation
                                                    of the finance industry, Polaris Securities introduced E-Winner in 1998, the first
                                                    online trading platform in Taiwan to incorporate stocks, futures, and options. ahead
                                                    of its competitors, and was the first qualified warrant issuer in Taiwan. Backed
                                                    by a stable growth in earnings, Polaris Securities is the first securities brokerage
                                                    company to be listed in 1996 and is the largest independent securities company.

                                                    Traditional securities brokerage companies who mainly derive revenue from brokerage,
                                                    Polaris Securities involves in a wide range of businesses through six divisions:
                                                    brokerage, international finance, investment market, financial market, capital market,
                                                    and wealth management. In the brokerage business, Polaris Securities ranks among
                                                    the top three brokers of the local stock market and overseas sub-brokerage business.
                                                    It remained as the leader of online trading.

                                                    Polaris is the largest issuer of NTD denominated structured products. As a pioneer
                                                    of derivatives, Polaris is the largest market-maker of index futures and options.
                                                    Whether it is structured notes, warrants, or REITs, Polaris Securities has set the
                                                    record for the highest value issued, most diverse products, and fastest license
                                                    approval.
                                                    

                                                    Polaris Corporate Finance team is the leading arranger of Greater China placement
                                                    deals to global private equity and hedge funds. . In 2005, Polaris Securities successfully
                                                    supported the public listing of HannStar Board in Hong Kong, and raised a record-breaking
                                                    US$74 million of capital, the highest amount ever raised by a Taiwanese company
                                                    in Hong Kong in 2006. In 2003, it successfully assisted Sampo for the issuance of
                                                    global depository receipts (GDR) and raise US$104 million. With offices in Hong
                                                    Kong, Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, working closely together ,Polaris Securities
                                                    has established a truly unique Greater China presence. This is an unrivalled advantage
                                                    both deal flows and fund flows.

                                                    Wealth management is one of Polaris Securities' most important business in recent
                                                    years. In addition of becoming one of the first few Taiwanese securities brokers
                                                    to be granted a wealth management license, Polaris Securities introduced the first
                                                    online wealth management system—Smart FP. In 2005, it introduced into Taiwan the
                                                    Multi-manager Funds from Russell Investment Group, an investment portfolio diverse
                                                    in management style, asset types, and fund managers, which received overwhelming
                                                    feedback. With the approval of money trust and marketable securities trust businesses
                                                    to securities brokers, Polaris Securities expects to incorporate its competitive
                                                    advantages in financial innovations and technological financial management, achieve
                                                    great successes in wealth management that improves overall business and group profitability.


Introduction Polaris MF Global Futures (TSE Code: 6023)
                                                    Established in 1997, Polaris MF Global Futures (abbreviated hereafter as PMF) was
                                                    the first publicly traded FCM (Futures Commission Merchants) in Taiwan with an average
                                                    profit per share and shareholder equity surpassing all financial stocks. The principal
                                                    activities of PMF cover a wide range of brokerage businesses that include domestic
                                                    and offshore futures products, consulting, managed futures and futures trust business.
                                                    

                                                    PMF retains the leadership in Taiwan’s futures market as the most successful FCM
                                                    due to its solid and thriving performances in domestic and international broking
                                                    business, dealer market performance and the size of its deposit amount. PMF also
                                                    prides itself as the unique professional trader with the ability of offering global
                                                    research resources and multinational IT platforms. Riding on PMF’s successes, MF
                                                    Global – the world’s largest futures broker which was floated on NYSE in 2007, becomes
                                                    a shareholder of the company. PMF is the first futures broker-dealer to be listed
                                                    over the OTC in 2007.

                                                    In Taiwan, PMF boasts 102 sales channels and partners and maintains 15 percent of
                                                    market share in the local futures market, 20 percent in the local options and dealer
                                                    market and 30 percent in the global futures market. The combination of which consolidates
                                                    the strength of PMF’s business model in successfully displaying the advantages of
                                                    a single-point sales of physical channels and the eased of virtual channels.

                                                    On the global stage, PMF maintains partnership with over 30 international futures
                                                    exchanges. Armed with accurate analytical power and well-planned risk control mechanisms,
                                                    PMF became the first qualified gold market maker in Asia for the CME Group. PMF
                                                    possesses the broadest scope of capabilities in servicing products from commodities,
                                                    energy, foreign exchange, stock indices, bonds and even transactional tools from
                                                    the OTC market with its well-built support base from operations to research resources.

                                                    Futures traded on Taiwan’s financial market comprises a meager 0.73 times of over-the-counter
                                                    trade at present. Against the global backdrop whose market is trading at 1.76 times,
                                                    it is estimated that growth in Taiwan’s futures market has the potential to double
                                                    its growth. Further, when the futures trust business is formally introduced onto
                                                    the Taiwan’s financial stage, the estimated market scale is valued at over $200
                                                    billion. PMF has proven itself with its vision in taking the business overseas as
                                                    well as establishing a wealth management platform. As the industry leader, the success
                                                    story of Polaris MF Global will undeniably continue to play a dominant role in the
                                                    Taiwan’s futures market.


Introduction Polaris International Securities Investment Trust
                                                    Established in 1992, Polaris Investment Trust is one of the top three asset management
                                                    companies and the largest ETF(Exchange Traded Funds) issuer in Taiwan. By the end
                                                    of 2007, we have a comprehensive line of 22 public offered funds which include:
                                                    equities funds, bond funds, balanced funds, global equities funds, global fund of
                                                    funds, ETF and REITs funds, our total AUM has increased by 10.9% in the year 2007,
                                                    far beyond the overall domestic AUM growth.
                                                    

                                                    In the discretionary account management business, we developed a customized service
                                                    for our institutional investors, which we provide customized quantitative solutions
                                                    and investment allocation that pursue the best NTD return while combining different
                                                    asset classes in order to provide products that focus on “Absolute Return” and “Target
                                                    Return”.
                                                    

                                                    Differ from the rest of the fund houses in Taiwan, which only focus in fund raising,
                                                    Polaris SITC introduced “P-shares” and “P-Max” as sub-brandings in order to differentiates
                                                    us from the industry. These 2 sub-brandings focus on dedicated financial products,
                                                    asset management technologies and quantitative management modules. Thus, making
                                                    Polaris SITC that has the best R&D capability in Taiwan.
                                                    

                                                    “P-shares” is the only full dimension ETF wealth management brand in Taiwan that
                                                    offers a wide range of services including, ETF product design and issuance, investment
                                                    management, SBL, market making, investment consultant and asset allocation. P-shares
                                                    offer a comprehensive line of ETF that covers from Cap Weighting, High-Dividend,
                                                    Regional Oversea, Thematic, Leverage and Short ETF, while AUM capturing over 90%
                                                    of the ETF AUM in Taiwan.
                                                    

                                                    “P-MAX” has the largest team of quantitative researcher in Taiwan that provides
                                                    a 360-degrees quantitative strategy solution. Consolidating resources from equities,
                                                    fixed-income, derivatives and index investments within Polaris SITC and provide
                                                    an asset allocation called “Overall Portfolio” with well control risk management
                                                    using quantitative method.
                                                    

                                                    Polaris SITC not only continues on the development of domestic market, but also
                                                    strife for expansion on the global market as well. Other than transferring the successful
                                                    experience in product development, PSITC will develop its own branding in Asia to
                                                    become a specialist of indexing, quantitative and active asset management.


Introduction to Polaris Capital
                                                    Polaris Capital was founded at the height of the global digital revolution in early
                                                    2000 to leverage off growth in the Asia Pacific region. We believe that investment
                                                    prospects for companies in the Region, particularly Greater China, hinge on how
                                                    ready they are to embrace and integrate the transforming forces of the knowledge-based
                                                    economy.

                                                    Polaris Capital's management team is composed of experienced professionals from
                                                    Hong Kong, Taipei and Shanghai in the fields of corporate finance, stockbroking
                                                    and research. All senior members of our team have extensive working experience with
                                                    leading multinational corporations.

                                                    Our management team aspires to create a corporate culture of success. Our sole performance
                                                    yardstick is the core competence to deliver the best products and services to our
                                                    customers. We are building a new investment-banking group without the disadvantages
                                                    of being part of a commercial banking giant.
                                                    

                                                    Polaris Capital has become the premier Greater China investment bank serving small
                                                    to medium sized corporate clients. By leveraging the Management Team's unique Greater
                                                    China cross-border networking experience supplemented by Internet technology, Polaris
                                                    Capital Group offers significant value-added to corporate issuers, potential investors
                                                    and business corporations.

                                                    Our objective is "Build to Last". Polaris aims at further consolidating our position
                                                    as a boutique investment bank with a solid revenue base and cash flow. This is our
                                                    base from which we strive for better shareholders' returns.


About Polaris Research Institute
                                                    Founded in April 2004, the Polaris research Institute (PRI) is a legal entity integrating
                                                    general economic research. Financially supported by the Polaris Financial Group
                                                    (PRG, Bloomberg Ticker: 2854 TT), it is the first economic and finance think tank
                                                    supported by private financial corporations in Taiwan.

                                                    Headed by President Liang Kuo-Yuan, a known econometrician with a Ph.D. from Duke,
                                                    the PRI has three research teams dedicated to the research of regional economies,
                                                    interest and exchange rates, and the commodity markets. The focus of the regional
                                                    economies and interest and exchange rates teams include the forecast of Taiwan economy
                                                    and other major country’s survey, interrelation analysis of international business
                                                    cycles, judgment of political/economic events, transmission mechanism analysis,
                                                    and analysis of equinity prices, interest rates, commodity prices and exchange rates
                                                    volatility. To date, the PRI has completed the Taiwan macroeconometric forecast
                                                    model, stock market cycle and sector rotation model, and a prototype of the exchange
                                                    rate forecast model.

                                                    Given the increasingly rapid changes in the prices and fundamentals of the commodity
                                                    markets, the PRI established the commodity market research team to study the market
                                                    supply/demand and price trends of crude oil, industrial and precious metals, agricultural
                                                    and soft commodities. The focus is establishing the links between business cycle
                                                    predictions and fundamentals changes in commodity markets, analyzing commodity price
                                                    volatility, and the effects of emerging market developments on commodity prices.
                                                    Among other accomplishments, in 2005 the team predicted the rise of crude oil prices
                                                    to over US$100/b, way ahead of competitors in the industry. Currently, the PRI has
                                                    published multiple reports on crude oil price, industrial and precious metal prices,
                                                    and perspectives on agricultural commodity prices.

                                                    The PRI publishes reports on a routine basis covering global, regional and individual
                                                    economies, interest/exchange rates and commodity prices. It also provides timely
                                                    analysis on the effects of major political/economic events on Taiwan and global
                                                    economies. As the primary consultant agency of PRG in the Greater China area and
                                                    cornerstone in PRG’s global development, the PRI aim to assist investors to stay
                                                    aware on the risk of change in economic environments and timely adjust their investment
                                                    strategies. In addition, on a quarterly basis, PRI hosts the Taiwan Economic Prospect
                                                    press conference to report the results of PRI’s continued observation on changes
                                                    in the economic growth paths of Taiwan and other parts of the world. Over the years,
                                                    the PRI has established as a leading research institute with increasing influence
                                                    among the media, academia, business entities and government finance and economic
                                                    agencies with reliable accuracy on predicting the twists and turns and changes in
                                                    the economic trends of Taiwan.








                                         
                                    






















Disclaimer  |  
                Risk Disclosure  |  
                Copyright  |  
                Privacy Statement


Top

                 

                Yuanta Securities (Hong Kong) Company Limited ("YSHK") is a licensed corporation
                registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (CE NO. ABS015) and a participant
                of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited.
                (Exchange Participant No. 01858)
                (We have adopted 128 bit SSL encryption in the website to protect the privacy and security of your personal and
                account information)
                Information and material in this website is obtained or complied from sources YSHK
                believes to be reliable. Such information and materials are provided “as is” without
                warranty of any kind either express or implied and is subject to change without
                prior notice. YSHK and its services providers endeavor to ensure the accuracy and
                reliability of the information provided but YSHK expressly disclaims any warranty
                of non-infringement, security, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, fitness for a
                particular purpose or freedom from computer viruses. YSHK accepts no liability for
                any loss or damage arising from any inaccuracies and omission.

                 

















Polaris Futures Fund L.P. - Company Profile










































 Polaris Futures Fund L.P.
                        

Active













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Polaris Futures Fund L.P. Overview
  Polaris Futures Fund L.P. filed as a Foreign Limited Partnership in the State of New York on Monday, March 12, 2007 and is approximately ten years old, according to public records filed with New York Department of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Polaris Futures Fund L.P.
    













Corporate Filings for Polaris Futures Fund L.P.








New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Limited Partnership                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    

                                        New York
                                    



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    3487606
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Monday, March 12, 2007
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        3/12/2007
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Hv, L.P.
                                    






                                        10/1/2009
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Managed Futures Profile Hv, L.P.
                                    






                                        4/20/2011
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Polaris Futures Fund L.P.
                                    










Advertisements










Source







New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Polaris Futures Fund L.P..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Polaris Futures Fund L.P. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NY

2007
Foreign Limited Partnership
                            





                Source
            





                        New York Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.















Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Polaris Futures Fund L.P.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

AAA Energy Opportunities Fund LLC
APM - Eckhardt Futures Fund, L.P.
APMEX Physical - 1 oz. Gold Redeemable Trust
Aaa Capital Energy Fund L.P. II
Ais Futures Fund Iv Lp
AlphaMetrix Managed Futures III LLC (AlphaMetrix WC Diversified Series)
AlphaMetrix Managed Futures LLC
Altegris QIM Futures Fund, L.P.
Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P.
Altin:Fund, Limited Partnership
Aspect FuturesAccess LLC
Aspen Diversified Fund LLC
Aspirity Holdings Llc
Atlas Futures Fund Limited Partnership
Beacon Financial Futures Fund Lp



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Polaris Futures Fund L.P.




Polaris Futures Fund L.P.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P. (until 2011-08-15) Morgan Stanley Managed Futures HV, L.P. (until 2009-10-01)Standard IndustryClassification
Commodity contracts brokers & dealersAddress

C/O Morgan Stanley Managed Futures, New York, NY 10036
Phone
855-672-4468



Sample Contracts



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amended and Restated Alternative Investment
(March 8th, 2016)
This Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement ("Agreement") is dated as of March 3, 2016, by and among each of the limited partnerships listed on Schedule 1 hereto (each, a "Partnership," and together, the "Partnerships"), Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, currently doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ("MSSB" or "Placement Agent"). Partnerships may be added to this Agreement upon the agreement of the General Partner and MSSB. The listing of such partnership on Schedule 1 hereto shall be evidence of such agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between each Partnership, MSSB and the General Partner, including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement (as defined below) and those listed on Schedule 2 hereto.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement
(January 7th, 2016)
This Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of January 1, 2016, by and between Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and the other parties who shall execute this Agreement, whether in counterpart, by separate instrument, or otherwise, as limited partners (collectively, "Limited Partners"; the General Partner and Limited Partners may be collectively referred to herein as "Partners"). This Agreement replaces the agreement executed on May 1, 2011, in its entirety.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Morgan Stanley & Co. Llc Listed Derivatives
(November 4th, 2015)
This Agreement governs the service (Service) made available to each Fund set forth in Annex A hereto (each such Fund, the Customer) by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (MS&Co.) and is effective as of June 1, 2015. This Agreement is in addition to and supplements Customers Commodity Futures Customer Agreement (the Futures Agreement). Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Futures Agreement and references herein and in the Futures Agreement to the Agreement shall be construed to mean the Futures Agreement as amended and supplemented by this Agreement. Except as otherwise modified by this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Futures Agreement remain in full force and effect.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amended & Restated Master Services Agreement
(August 6th, 2015)
This Amended & Restated Master Services Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into and effective as of March 31, 2015 (the Effective Date) by and among:



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amendment No. 2 to the Advisory Agreement
(March 30th, 2015)
This AMENDMENT NO. 2 (the "Amendment) dated effective as of January 1, 2015 to the ADVISORY AGREEMENT made as of the 1st day of April, 2008, among CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC (formerly Demeter Management Corporation), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Manager"), MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY BORONIA I, LLC (formerly Morgan Stanley Managed Futures GMF I, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company") and BORONIA CAPITAL PTY LTD. (formerly Grinham Managed Funds Pty. Ltd.), a New South Wales, Australia proprietary limited company (the "Trading Advisor"), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Advisory Agreement dated as of January 1, 2013 (the "First Amendment") among the Trading Manager, the Trading Company and the Trading Advisor (as so amended, the "Advisory Agreement").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Alternative Investment Placement Agent Agreement
(August 13th, 2014)
This Alternative Investment Placement Agent Agreement ("Agreement") is dated as of October 1, 2014, by and among each of the Delaware limited partnerships listed on Schedule 1 hereto (each, a "Partnership," and together, the "Partnerships"), Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, currently doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ("MSSB").  Partnerships may be added to this Agreement upon the agreement of the General Partner and MSSB.  The listing of such partnership on Schedule 1 hereto shall be evidence of such agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between each Partnership, MSSB and the General Partner, including, but not limited to, those listed on Schedule 2 hereto.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Alternative Investment Placement Agent Agreement
(May 14th, 2014)
This Alternative Investment Placement Agent Agreement ("Agreement") is dated as of April 1, 2014, by and among each of the Delaware limited partnerships listed on Schedule 1 hereto (each, a "Partnership," and together, the "Partnerships"), Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, currently doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ("MSSB").  Partnerships may be added to this Agreement upon the agreement of the General Partner and MSSB.  The listing of such partnership on Schedule 1 hereto shall be evidence of such agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between each Partnership, MSSB and the General Partner, including, but not limited to, those listed on Schedule 2 hereto.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amendment No. 1 to the Advisory Agreement
(May 14th, 2014)
This AMENDMENT NO. 1 dated as of the 1st day of January 2013 to the ADVISORY AGREEMENT made as of the 1st day of April, 2008, among CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC (formerly Demeter Management Corporation), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Manager"), MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY BORONIA I, LLC (formerly Morgan Stanley Managed Futures GMF I, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company") and BORONIA CAPITAL PTY LTD. (formerly Grinham Managed Funds Pty. Ltd.), a New South Wales, Australia proprietary limited company (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement
(November 14th, 2013)
Remedies.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Morgan Stanley shall have the right, in addition to any other remedy available to Morgan Stanley at law or equity, to (i) buy, sell or otherwise liquidate any or all open Contracts held in or for the Account (including without limitation through the making or taking of delivery, the use of exchange-for-physical, exchange-for-swap, exchange-for-risk, exchange-for-options or exchange-for-related-positions transactions, block trades, any associated cash transactions as broker or principal, or any other means); (ii) set off or apply any or all cash margin held in or for the Account to any amount owed by Customer to Morgan Stanley; (iii) sell any or all of the securities or other property of Customer held in or for the Account and to apply the proceeds thereof to any amounts owed by Customer to Morgan Stanley; (iv) borrow or buy any options, securities, Contracts or other property for the Account; or (v) cancel any unfilled orders for t



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amendment No. 2 to the Advisory Agreement
(May 14th, 2013)
This AMENDMENT NO. 2 dated as of the 1st day of January 2013 to the ADVISORY AGREEMENT made as of the 30th day of April, 2007, among CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC (formerly Demeter Management Corporation), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Manager"), MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY KAISER I, LLC (formerly Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Kaiser I, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company") and KAISER TRADING GROUP PTY. LTD., a private company organized under the laws of Australia (the "Trading Advisor"), as previously amended by an Amendment to the Advisory Agreement dated as of March 1, 2012 (together the "Agreement").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(May 14th, 2013)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 30, 2007, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Kaiser I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company"), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Trading Manager"), and Kaiser Trading Group Pty. Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of Australia (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amendment to the Advisory Agreement
(May 14th, 2013)
This AMENDMENT dated as of March 1, 2012 to the ADVISORY AGREEMENT made as of the 30th day of April, 2007, among CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC (formerly Demeter Management Corporation), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Manager"), MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY KAISER I, LLC (formerly Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Kaiser I, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company") and KAISER TRADING GROUP PTY. LTD., a private company organized under the laws of Australia (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(March 27th, 2013)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 1, 2008, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures GMF I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company"), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Trading Manager"), and Grinham Managed Funds Pty. Ltd., a New South Wales, Australia proprietary limited company (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(March 27th, 2013)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 30, 2007, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Aspect I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company"), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Trading Manager"), and Aspect Capital Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amendment No. 1 to the Advisory Agreement
(March 27th, 2013)
This AMENDMENT NO. 1 dated as of the 1st day of January 2013 to the ADVISORY AGREEMENT made as of the 1st day of April, 2008, among CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC (formerly Demeter Management Corporation), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Manager"), MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY BORONIA I, LLC (formerly Morgan Stanley Managed Futures GMF I, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company") and BORONIA CAPITAL PTY LTD. (formerly Grinham Managed Funds Pty. Ltd.), a New South Wales, Australia proprietary limited company (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(March 27th, 2013)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of May 15, 2007, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures BHM I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company"), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Trading Manager"), and Blenheim Capital Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(March 27th, 2013)




Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(August 15th, 2011)
THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made as of May 4, 2011, among Morgan Stanley Smith Barney AHL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Company"), Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Trading Manager"), and Man-AHL (USA) Ltd., a United Kingdom company (the "Trading Advisor").



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Contract
(August 14th, 2009)
EXHIBIT 32.02   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     In connection with the Quarterly Report of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures HV, L.P. (the "Partnership") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Christian Angstadt, Chief Financial Officer of Demeter Management LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.          By:  /s/Christian Angstadt  Name:	   Chr



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Contract
(June 4th, 2009)
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT      This Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of June 1, 2009, by and between Demeter Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and the other parties who shall execute this Agreement, whether in counterpart, by separate instrument, or otherwise, as limited partners (collectively "Limited Partners"; the General Partner and Limited Partners may be collectively referred to herein as "Partners"). This Agreement replaces the agreement executed on October 31, 2008 in its entirety. W I T N E S S E T H:      WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to form a limited partnership for the purpose of speculative trading in futures, forwards and options;      WHEREAS, the parties amended and restated the original limited partnership agreement executed on February 22, 2007 in its entirety due to the registration of the units of the Partnership under the Securities Exchange Act o



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Contract
(May 15th, 2009)
EXHIBIT 32.02   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     In connection with the Annual Report of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures HV, L.P. (the ?Partnership?) on Form 10-K/A for the period ended December 31, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the ?Report?), I, Christian Angstadt, Chief Financial Officer of Demeter Management Corporation, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.        By:	  /s/	Christian Angstadt  Nam



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Contract
(April 1st, 2009)
EXHIBIT 32.02   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     In connection with the Annual Report of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures HV, L.P. (the ?Partnership?) on Form 10-K/A for the period ended December 31, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the ?Report?), I, Christian Angstadt, Chief Financial Officer of Demeter Management Corporation, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.        By:	  /s/	Christian Angstadt  Nam



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Contract
(March 31st, 2009)
EXHIBIT 32.02   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     In connection with the Annual Report of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures HV, L.P. (the ?Partnership?) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the ?Report?), I, Christian Angstadt, Chief Financial Officer of Demeter Management Corporation, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.        By:	  /s/	Christian Angstadt  Name:



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Escrow Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
Escrow Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of July 25, 2007, among The Bank of New York, a New York banking corporation with its principal corporate trust office at 101 Barclay Street, 8W, New York, New York 10286 (the Escrow Agent), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the General Partner, on behalf of each of the limited partnerships listed on Exhibit A attached hereto, as such Exhibit A may be amended from time to time (each, a Partnership and collectively, the Partnerships), and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, as selling agent (the Selling Agent), for itself and for and on behalf of its selected dealers (the Selected Dealers), the identity of which will be disclosed to Escrow Agent as the same are selected by the Sales Agent.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Foreign Exchange and Options Master Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
MASTER AGREEMENT dated as of November 28, 2007, by and between Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a Delaware corporation and the entities listed in Exhibit I to the Schedule of this Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time), severally and not jointly, (each, a commodity pool limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware) and Demeter Management Corporation, not individually by solely as General Partner and/or Trading Manager for each entity listed in Exhibit I.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 30, 2007, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Altis I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Trading Company), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Trading Manager), and Altis Partners ( Jersey) Limited, an entity formed in Jersey (the Trading Advisor).



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
March 26, 2008 Rider to the Commodity Futures Account Documents (The Agreement)
Between Demeter Management Corporation on Behalf of Each Customer Listed on
Schedule a Separately and Not Jointly and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
Dated July 23, 2007
(August 8th, 2008)
Schedule A to the Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the Schedule A thereto with the attached Schedule A dated March 26, 2008. Demeter Management Corporation on behalf of each Customer listed on Schedule A agrees it will provide Morgan Stanley &Co. Incorporated with fund-specific updated information for the Commodity Futures Account Information (if any) portion of the Agreement.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
March 26, 2008 Rider to the Customer Agreement (The Agreement) Between Demeter
Management Corporation on Behalf of Each Customer Listed on Schedule a
Separately and Not Jointly and Morgan Stanley & Co. International PLC Dated
July 24, 2007
(August 8th, 2008)
Schedule A to the Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the Schedule A thereto with the attached Schedule A dated March 26, 2008.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
[Name of Trading Company] Operating Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [Date of Formation], 2007, by and between each of the parties listed on Schedule I attached hereto (collectively, the Members), and Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Demeter or the Trading Manager), shall govern [Name of Trading Company] (the Company).



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Amendment Dated as of March 26, 2008 to the Foreign Exchange and Options Master
Agreement (FEOMA) Dated as of November 28, 2007 Between Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated (Party A) and the Entities Listed in Exhibit I to the Schedule of
the Agreement (As Amended or Supplemented From Time to Time), Severally and Not
Jointly (Party B)
(August 8th, 2008)
This Amendment dated as of March 26, 2008, supplements, forms part of, and is subject in all respects to, that Foreign Exchange and Options Master Agreement (FEOMA) dated as of November 28, 2007 (the Agreement) by and between Party A and Party B. Capitalized terms used herein, unless otherwise defined, have the meanings specified in the Agreement.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 30, 2007, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Aspect I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Trading Company), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Trading Manager), and Aspect Capital Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (the Trading Advisor).



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Page PART ONE: NON-PRIVATE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT (Exchange-Traded Derivatives)
Chapter I Introduction II Terms Applicable to Dealings 8 III Margin 11 IV
Material Interests 17 v Powers and Exclusions of Liability 18 VI Authorisation
22 VII General 24 PART TWO: MASTER NETTING AGREEMENT PART THREE: SCHEDULES 48
PART FOUR: CUSTOMER SIGNATURE PAGES 49 Non-Private Customer Documents 49
Customers Domiciled in Luxembourg Only 49 Third Party Trading Authorisation
Certificates of Authority to Deal Certificate of Trustees
(August 8th, 2008)




Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Morgan Stanley Managed Futures Multi-Strategy Profile Series Subscription and
Exchange Agreement and Power of Attorney (For PPM Dated March 1, 2008)
(August 8th, 2008)
In order to invest in the Managed Futures Multi-Strategy Profile Series, you must (1) date, complete and execute one copy of this Subscription and Exchange Agreement and Power of Attorney and (2) deliver or mail the Subscription and Exchange Agreement and Power of Attorney to your Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor/Investment Representative at such representatives Morgan Stanley branch office in time for it to be forwarded and received by the general partner at Morgan Stanley Managed Futures, 552 Fifth Avenue, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10036, no later than 3:00 p.m. New York City time, on the sixth to last business day of the month. Any subscription not revoked prior to the sixth to last business day of the month is irrevocable and cannot be redeemed until the end of the next month by submitting a redemption request.



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 1, 2008, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures GMF I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Trading Company), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Trading Manager), and Grinham Managed Funds Pty. Ltd., a New South Wales, Australia proprietary limited company (the Trading Advisor).



Polaris Futures Fund L.P. –
Advisory Agreement
(August 8th, 2008)
THIS AGREEMENT, made as of April 30, 2007, among Morgan Stanley Managed Futures WCM I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Trading Company), Demeter Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Trading Manager), and Winton Capital Management Limited, a company registered in England and Wales and authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom and a member of the National Futures Association and registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in the United States (the Trading Advisor).













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Polaris Futures Fund LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:12 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Polaris Futures Fund LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Polaris Futures Fund L.P. is a private fund launched by Ceres Managed Futures LLC. It is managed by Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited, Aspect Capital Limited, Blenhiem Capital Management, L.L.C and Boronia Capital Pty. Ltd.  The fund engages primarily in speculative trading of domestic commodities and foreign commodity futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on physical commodities and futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto. It was formerly known as Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P. Morgan St...
Polaris Futures Fund L.P. is a private fund launched by Ceres Managed Futures LLC. It is managed by Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited, Aspect Capital Limited, Blenhiem Capital Management, L.L.C and Boronia Capital Pty. Ltd.  The fund engages primarily in speculative trading of domestic commodities and foreign commodity futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on physical commodities and futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto. It was formerly known as Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Spectrum Select L.P was formed in February 22, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


522 Fifth Avenue14th FloorNew York, NY 10036United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 212-296-1999








Key Executives for Polaris Futures Fund LP


Polaris Futures Fund LP does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Polaris Futures Fund LP Key Developments

Polaris Futures Fund LP Announces Auditor Changes
Dec 7 16
Polaris Futures Fund L.P. dismissed Deloitte & Touche LLP (Deloitte) as the registered public accounting firm for the company, effective as of the close of business on the day the company’s audited financial statements for the 2016 fiscal year end are filed, which is expected to be on or before March 31, 2017. On December 1, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Ceres Managed Futures LLC, on behalf of the company, approved the engagement of Ernst & Young LLP (EY) as the independent registered public accounting firm for the company.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Polaris Futures Fund LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Polaris Futures Fund LP: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:12 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Polaris Futures Fund LP



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Polaris Futures Fund LP
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Polaris Futures Fund LP Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgePatrick T. Egan   22 RelationshipsGlobal Diversified Futures Fund L.P.47View All Board Members
Polaris Futures Fund LP Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Polaris Futures Fund LP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Polaris Futures Fund L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Polaris Futures Fund L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Polaris Futures Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-20. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 14



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Polaris Futures Fund L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




polaris futures fund l.p.


C/O MORGAN STANLEY MANAGED FUTURES

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10036


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      855-672-4468
SEC SIC CODE:6221-COMMODITY CONTRACTS BROKERS & DEALERS







Recent SEC Filings




10-Q filed on 05/11/2017
8-K/A filed on 03/29/2017
10-K filed on 03/28/2017
8-K filed on 12/07/2016
8-K filed on 11/18/2016
10-Q filed on 11/10/2016
D/A filed on 10/20/2016
10-Q filed on 08/11/2016
8-K filed on 07/06/2016
8-K filed on 05/17/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-20
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
342,229,613
INDEFINITE


2015-10-20
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
342,229,613
INDEFINITE


2015-10-20
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
342,229,613
INDEFINITE


2014-10-20
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
340,228,000
INDEFINITE


2013-10-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
348,960,000
INDEFINITE


2012-11-28
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
348,960,000
INDEFINITE


2011-11-30
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2011-11-30
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2010-12-02
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2010-11-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2009-11-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2009-09-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2009-03-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE


2009-03-10
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
117,750,423
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ALICE   NG

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



ALPER   DAGLIOGLU

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



BRIAN   CENTER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



CHRISTIAN   ANGSTADT

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



COLBERT   NARCISSE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



CRAIG   ABRUZZO

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



DAMIAN   GEORGE

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



DOUGLAS J.  KETTERER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



EDMOND   MORIARTY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



FETA   ZABELI

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



FRANK   SMITH

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



FRANK   ZAFRAN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



HARRY   HANDLER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



IAN   BERNSTEIN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JACQUES   CHAPPUIS

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JENNIFER   MAGRO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



JEREMY   BEAL

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JOSE   MORALES

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



M. PAUL  MARTIN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MAUREEN   O'TOOLE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL R.  DURBIN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL P.  MCGRATH

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



PATRICK T.  EGAN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



RICHARD D.  GUEREN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



STEVEN   ROSS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



WALTER   DAVIS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free























Polaris Futures Fund L.p. 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P. 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Polaris Futures Fund L.p. 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P. 10-Q Date: 11/10/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day

















 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Polaris Futures Fund L.p. 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P. 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Polaris Futures Fund L.p. 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P. 10-Q Date: 8/15/2011 Law Firm: Alston Bird      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
10-Q

 

x
           QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

For the
quarterly period ended June 30, 2011 or

 

o
           TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

For the
transition period from
__________________to__________________

 

Commission
File Number: 000-53115

  




 



POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.



 





 



(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



 




 




 



Delaware



 



20-8528957





 



    
(State or other jurisdiction of

     
incorporation or organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)





 



 



 



 





   
Ceres Managed Futures LLC



 



 





    
522 Fifth Avenue, 14th Floor



 



 





New York,
NY



 



10036





(Address
of principal executive offices)



 



(Zip
Code)











 




Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code



 



(212)
296-1999




 

Managed
Futures Profile HV, L.P.

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last
report)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.

 

Yes
x
  No
o

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).

 

Yes
x
  No
o

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See the definitions of “large
accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and
“smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

 




Large
accelerated filer o



Accelerated
filer o





Non-accelerated
filer x



Smaller
reporting company o




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes
0
  No
T

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

INDEX TO
QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q

 

June 30,
2011

 

 

 




  



PART I.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 





 



 



 





  Item
1.



Financial
Statements (Unaudited)



 





 



 



 





 



Statements
of Financial Condition as of June 30, 2011 and December 31,
2010



2





 



 



 





 



Statements
of Income and Expenses for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30,
2011 and 2010



3





 



 



 





 



Statements
of Changes in Partners’ Capital for the Six Months Ended June
30, 2011 and 2010



4





 



 



 





 



Notes to
Financial Statements



 5-19





 



 



 





 Item
2.



Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations



20-28





 



 



 





 Item
3.



Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk



29-40





 



 



 





 Item
4.



Controls
and Procedures



40-41





 



 



 





  



PART II.
OTHER INFORMATION



 





 



 



 





 Item
1A.



Risk
Factors



42





 



 



 





 Item
2.



Unregistered
Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds



42





 



 



 





 Item
6.



Exhibits



42




 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

PART
I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item
1 .  
Financial Statements

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

STATEMENTS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION

(Unaudited)




 



June
30,



 



December
31,





 



2011



 



2010





ASSETS



$



 



$





 



 



 



 





Investments
in Affiliated Trading Companies:



 



 



 





Investment
in BHM I, LLC



80,002,414



 



61,727,592





Investment
in Aspect I, LLC



44,197,916



 



44,642,277





Investment
in Altis I, LLC



43,733,720



 



45,193,416





Investment
in AHL I, LLC



35,648,642



 



–





Investment
in Boronia I, LLC



29,845,529



 



25,903,543





Investment
in WNT I, LLC



–



 



42,988,859





 



 



 



 





Total
Investments in Affiliated Trading Companies, at fair
value

  (cost
$220,743,299 and $181,299,988, respectively)



233,428,221



 



220,455,687





Receivable
from Affiliated Trading Companies



–



 



207,377





Subscriptions
receivable



–



 



4,820,171





 



 



 



 





Total
Assets



233,428,221



 



225,483,235





 



 



 



 





LIABILITIES



 



 



 





 



 



 



 





Redemptions
payable



688,918



 



977,670





Payable to
Affiliated Trading Companies



–



 



3,494,883





 



 



 



 





Total
Liabilities



688,918



 



4,472,553





 



 



 



 





PARTNERS’
CAPITAL



 



 



 





Class A
(110,740.130 and 93,726.780 Units, respectively)



137,464,476



 



128,430,583





Class B
(23,858.029 and 19,502.516 Units, respectively)



30,198,822



 



27,180,755





Class C
(37,180.265 and 39,260.116 Units, respectively)



47,988,269



 



55,652,694





Class D*
(8,745.602 and 3,072.942 Units, respectively)



11,397,483



 



4,392,721





Class Z
(4,240.206 and 3,651.080 Units, respectively)



5,690,253



 



5,353,929





 



 



 



 





Total
Partners’ Capital



232,739,303



 



221,010,682





 



 



 



 





Total
Liabilities and Partners’ Capital



233,428,221



 



225,483,235





 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE PER UNIT



 



 



 





Class
A



1,241.33



 



1,370.27





Class
B



1,265.77



 



1,393.71





Class
C



1,290.69



 



1,417.54





Class
D*



1,303.22



 



1,429.48





Class
Z



1,341.97



 



1,466.39




 

 

* Class D
Units were issued beginning on March 1, 2009.

 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements.

 

- 2
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

STATEMENTS
OF INCOME AND EXPENSES

(Unaudited)

 




 



For the
Three Months

Ended
June  30,



 



For the
Six Months

 
Ended June 30,





 



2011



 



2010



 



2011



 



2010





 



$



 



$



 



$



 



$





EXPENSES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Ongoing
Placement Agent fees



976,951



 



738,694



 



1,883,814



 



1,436,348





General
Partner fees



605,103



 



458,580



 



1,170,302



 



892,762





Administrative
fees



180,701



 



183,432



 



406,780



 



357,105





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Expenses



1,762,755



 



1,380,706



 



3,460,896



 



2,686,215





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
INVESTMENT LOSS



(1,762,755)



 



(1,380,706)



 



(3,460,896)



 



(2,686,215)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 REALIZED/NET
CHANGE IN UNREALIZED  DEPRECIATION



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





    ON
INVESTMENTS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Realized



6,735,769



 



680,733



 



7,139,363



 



680,733





Net change
in unrealized depreciation



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





  on
investments



(19,494,308)



 



(6,830,796)



 



(26,470,777)



 



(3,936,150)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Realized/Net Change in

   Unrealized
Depreciation on Investments



(12,758,539)



 



(6,150,063)



 



(19,331,414)



 



(3,255,417)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
LOSS



(14,521,294)



 



(7,530,769)



 



(22,792,310)



 



(5,941,632)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET LOSS
ALLOCATION



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Class
A



(8,711,210)



 



(4,401,418)



 



(13,637,475)



 



(3,537,010)





Class
B



(1,861,096)



 



(999,061)



 



(2,873,479)



 



(780,352)





Class
C



(2,936,095)



 



(1,825,737)



 



(4,792,977)



 



(1,415,699)





Class
D



(680,874)



 



(152,402)



 



(977,352)



 



(110,837)





Class
Z



(332,019)



 



(152,151)



 



(511,027)



 



(97,734)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET LOSS
PER UNIT *



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Class
A



(78.35)



 



(51.78)



 



(128.94)



 



(42.56)





Class
B



(78.19)



 



(50.94)



 



(127.94)



 



(40.02)





Class
C



(77.98)



 



(50.06)



 



(126.85)



 



(37.41)





Class
D



(77.86)



 



(49.60)



 



(126.26)



 



(36.07)





Class
Z



(77.46)



 



(48.18)



 



(124.42)



 



(31.95)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



Units



 



Units



 



Units



 



Units





WEIGHTED
AVERAGE NUMBER



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





OF UNITS
OUTSTANDING



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Class
A



107,574.103



 



84,710.852



 



101,906.465



 



82,547.588





Class
B



22,887.964



 



19,557.896



 



21,552.461



 



19,282.042





Class
C



37,273.358



 



36,193.565



 



37,224.196



 



35,741.034





Class
D



8,745,602



 



3,072.942



 



7,774.041



 



3,072.942





Class
Z



4,079.068



 



3,123.585



 



3,939.651



 



3,002.419




 

*Based on
the change in net asset value per Unit.

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements.

- 3
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS’ CAPITAL

For the
Six Months Ended June 30, 2011 and 2010

(Unaudited)

 




 



Class
A



 



Class
B



 



Class
C



 



Class
D



 



Class
Z



 



Total





 



$



 



$



 



$



 



$



 



$



 



$





Partners’
Capital,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





December
31, 2010



128,430,583



 



27,180,755



 



55,652,694



 



4,392,721



 



5,353,929



 



  
221,010,682





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Subscriptions



29,939,688



 



8,016,477



 



3,407,346



 



                          
7,982,114



 



932,808



 



 50,278,433





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
Loss



(13,637,475)



 



(2,873,479)



 



(4,792,977)



 



(977,352)



 



(511,027)



 



  
(22,792,310)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Redemptions



(7,268,320)



 



(2,124,931)



 



(6,278,794)



 



             
–



 



(85,457)



 



  
 (15,757,502)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Partners’
Capital,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





June 30,
2011



137,464,476



 



30,198,822



 



47,988,269



 



                    
  11,397,483



 



5,690,253



 



   
232,739,303





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Partners’
Capital,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





December
31, 2009



97,264,166



 



23,606,083



 



45,405,413



 



3,929,404



 



3,594,596



 



   
   173,799,662





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Subscriptions



16,414,314



 



2,937,278



 



6,332,689



 



               
–



 



608,496



 



 26,292,777





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
Loss



(3,537,010)



 



(780,352)



 



(1,415,699)



 



(110,837)



 



(97,734)



 



 (5,941,632)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Redemptions



(5,414,100)



 



(977,328)



 



(4,248,441)



 



               
–



 



(50,226)



 



  
(10,690,095)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Partners’
Capital,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





June 30,
2010



104,727,370



 



24,785,681



 



46,073,962



 



                        
  3,818,567



 



4,055,132



 



  
183,460,712





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



Class
A



 



Class
B



 



Class
C



 



Class
D



 



Class
Z



 



Total





 



Units



 



Units



 



Units



 



Units



 



Units



 



Units





Beginning
Units,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





December
31, 2010



93,726.780



 



19,502.516



 



39,260.116



 



3,072.942



 



3,651.080



 



  
   159,213.434





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Subscriptions



22,506.211



 



5,898.592



 



2,441.016



 



                          
5,672.660



 



651.166



  



37,169.645





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Redemptions



(5,492.861)



 



(1,543.079)



 



(4,520.867)



 



               
–



 



(62.040)



 



 
 (11,618.847)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Ending
Units,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





June 30,
2011



110,740.130



 



23,858.029



 



37,180.265



 



                         
 8,745.602



 



4,240.206



 



 
184,764.232





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Beginning
Units,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





December
31, 2009



78,373.994



 



18,794.498



 



35,719.371



 



                       
  3,072.942



 



2,760.791



 



 
138,721.596





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Subscriptions



13,437.000



 



2,385.623



 



5,029.208



 



                  
–



 



471.531



 



21,323.362





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Redemptions



(4,426.418)



 



(796.979)



 



(3,404.340)



 



                  
–



 



(39.474)



 



    (8,667.211)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Ending
Units,



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





June 30,
2010



87,384.576



 



20,383.142



 



37,344.239



 



                       
 3,072.942



 



3,192.848



 



 
151,377.747




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements.

- 4
-

 

 

 

  

 

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.) 

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

June 30,
2011

 

(Unaudited)

 

The
unaudited financial statements contained herein include, in the
opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial condition and results of operations
of Polaris Futures Fund L.P. (formerly, Managed Futures Profile HV,
L.P.) (“Polaris” or the
“Partnership”).  The financial statements and
condensed notes herein should be read in conjunction with the
Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2010.

 

1.  
Organization

Polaris
Futures Fund L.P. (formerly, Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.) was
formed on February 22, 2007, under the Delaware Revised Uniform
Limited Partnership Act, as a multi-advisor commodity pool created
to profit from the speculative trading of domestic and foreign
futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments,
options on physical commodities and futures contracts, spot (cash)
commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts on
physicals transactions and futures contracts transactions, and any
rights pertaining thereto (collectively, “Futures
Interests”) (refer to Note 4. Financial Instruments of the
Trading Companies) through its investments in affiliated
trading companies (each a “Trading Company”, or
collectively the “Trading Companies”).  Prior
to May 1, 2011, Polaris was one of the partnerships in the Managed
Futures Multi-Strategy Profile Series, comprised of Polaris, LV
Futures Fund L.P. (formerly, Managed Futures Profile LV, L.P.)
(“LV”), and Meritage Futures Fund L.P. (formerly,
Managed Futures Profile MV, L.P.) (“Meritage” and with
Polaris and LV the “Profile
Series”).   Effective May 1, 2011, the Profile
Series is comprised of LV and Meritage.

 

- 5
-

 

 

 

  

 

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

The
Partnership allocates substantially all of its assets to multiple
affiliated Trading Companies, each of which allocates substantially
all of its assets to the trading program of an unaffiliated
commodity trading advisor which makes investment decisions for each
respective Trading Company.

 

The
Partnership commenced trading operations on August 1, 2007, in
accordance with the terms of its Limited Partnership Agreement (the
“Limited Partnership Agreement”).  The
non-clearing commodity broker for each Trading Company is Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“MSSB”).  Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated ("MS&Co.") and Morgan Stanley
& Co. International plc (“MSIP”) act as each
Trading Company’s clearing commodity broker (collectively,
MS&Co. and MSIP are referred to as the “Commodity
Brokers”).  MSIP serves as the commodity broker for
trades on the London Metal Exchange.  Each Trading
Company’s over-the-counter foreign exchange spot, options,
and forward contract counterparties is either MS&Co. and/or
Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. (“MSCG”) to the
extent a Trading Company trades options on over-the-counter foreign
currency forward contracts.

 

The
financial statements of the Partnership have been prepared using
the "Fund of Funds" approach and accordingly all revenue and
expense information from the Trading Companies is reflected as a
net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments
on the Statements of Income and Expenses.  The
Partnership maintains sufficient cash balances on hand to satisfy
ongoing operating expenses for the Partnership. The Trading
Companies and their trading advisors (each individually, a
“Trading Advisor” or collectively, the “Trading
Advisors”) for the Partnership at June 30, 2011, are as
follows:

 

- 6
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 




Trading
Company



Trading
Advisor





 



 





Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney Altis I, LLC



 





  (“Altis
I, LLC”)



Altis
Partners (Jersey) Limited





Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney Aspect I, LLC



 





(“Aspect
I, LLC”)



Aspect
Capital Limited





Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney BHM I, LLC



 





  (“BHM
I, LLC”)



Blenheim
Capital Management, L.L.C.





Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney Boronia I, LLC



 





(“Boronia
I, LLC”)



Boronia
Capital Pty. Ltd.





Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney  AHL I, LLC



 





(“AHL
I, LLC”)



Man-AHL
(USA) Ltd.




 

Ceres
Managed Futures LLC (“Ceres”), the general partner of
the Partnership and the trading manager of each Trading Company, is
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings
LLC (“MSSBH”).  MSSBH is majority-owned
indirectly by Morgan Stanley and minority-owned indirectly by
Citigroup Inc.  MSSB is the principal subsidiary of
MSSBH.  MS&Co., MSIP, and MSCG are wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Morgan Stanley.

 

Ceres may
reallocate the Partnership’s assets to the different Trading
Companies at its sole discretion.

 

Units of
limited partnership interest (“Units”) of the
Partnership are being offered in four share classes in a private
placement pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.  Depending on the aggregate amount
invested in the Partnership, limited partners receive class A, B, C
or D Units in the Partnership (each a “Class” and
collectively the “Classes”).  Certain limited
partners who are not subject to the ongoing placement agent fee are
deemed to hold Class Z Units.  Ceres received Class Z
Units with respect to its investment in the Partnership.

- 7
-

 

 

 

  

 

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

Ceres is
not required to maintain any investment in the Partnership, and may
withdraw any portion of its interest in the Partnership at any
time, as permitted by the Limited Partnership
Agreement.  In addition, Class Z shares are only being
offered to certain individuals affiliated with Morgan Stanley at
Ceres’ sole discretion.  Class Z Unit holders are
not subject to paying the placement agent fee.

 

 

Effective
April 18, 2011 the Partnership changed its name to Polaris Futures
Fund L.P.  In addition, as of May 1, 2011, the
Partnership shifted from Profile Series and became a stand alone
fund.  The Partnership’s primary trading focus
remains the same.

 

 

Effective
at the close of business on May 31, 2011, Winton Capital Management
Limited was terminated as a Trading Advisor to the
Partnership.

 

Effective
June 1, 2011, the Partnership through its investment in Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney AHL I, LLC added Man-AHL (USA) Ltd. as a
Trading Advisor to the Partnership.

 

 

2.  
Related Party Transactions

The cash
held by each Trading Company is on deposit with MSSB, MS&Co.,
and MSIP in futures interest trading accounts to meet margin
requirements as needed.  MSSB pays each Trading Company
at each month end interest income on 100% of its average daily
funds held at MSSB.  Assets deposited with MS&Co. and
MSIP as margin are credited with interest income at a rate
approximately equivalent to what MS&Co. and MSIP pay
or

 

- 8
-

 

 

 

  

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

 

 

 

 

charge
other customers on such assets deposited as
margin.  Assets not deposited as margin with MS&Co.
and MSIP are credited with interest income at a rate equal to the
monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less
0.15% during such month but in no event less than
zero.  For purposes of such interest payments, net assets
do not include monies owed to each Trading Company on Futures
Interests.  MSSB and MS&Co. will retain any excess
interest not paid to each Trading Company.

 

The
Partnership pays monthly administrative fees and general partner
fees to Ceres.  The Partnership pays to MSSB, ongoing
placement agent fees on a monthly basis equal to a percentage of
the net asset value of a limited partners’ Units as of the
beginning of each month.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 9
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

 

3.  
Financial Highlights

 

Changes in
the net asset value per Unit for three and six months ended June
30, 2010 and 2011 were as follows:




 



 
Class
A

 



   
Class
B

 



Class
C

 



Class
D

 



Class
Z

 





 



 



 



 



 



 





PER UNIT
OPERATING PERFORMANCE:



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  APRIL
1, 2011:



$  
     1,319.68



$      
  1,343.96



$  
   1,368.67



$  
          1,381.08
 



$  
$        1,419.43  





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
OPERATING RESULTS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss



(10.90)           



              (9.42)



         
  (7.89)



             (7.10)



        
       (4.62)





   Net
realized/unrealized loss



       
         (67.45)



           
(68.77)  



     
     (70.09)      



    
       (70.76)



        
      (72.84)





   Net
loss



       
      (78.35)



          
 (78.19)  



 
     (77.98)



     
      (77.86)



     
         (77.46)





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  JUNE
30, 2011:



$ 
      1,241.33



$      
  1,265.77



$  
   1,290.69



$
   1,303.22  



$  
    1,341.97  





RATIOS TO
AVERAGE NET ASSETS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss (2)



-3.31%



-2.81%



  -2.30%



-2.05%



-1.30%





   Partnership
expenses (1)
(2)



 3.31%



 2.81%



 
  2.30%



 2.05%



 1.30%





 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
RETURN:



-5.94%



-5.82%



  
-5.70%



-5.64%



-5.46%





 



 



 



 



 



 





PER UNIT
OPERATING PERFORMANCE:



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  JANUARY
1, 2011:



$  
      1,370.27



$      
  1,393.71



$  
   1,417.54



$  
          
 1,429.48  



$  
$          
 1,466.39  





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
OPERATING RESULTS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss



(22.40)



            
(19.40)



         
  (16.32)



          
  (14.70)



              
  (9.70)





   Net
realized/unrealized loss



       
        (106.54)



         
 (108.54)  



        
  (110.53)



    
       (111.56)



        
      (114.72)





   Net
loss



       
     (128.94)



        
  (127.94)  



   
   (126.85)



     
      (126.26)



         
     (124.42)





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  JUNE
30, 2011:



$ 
     1,241.33



$      
  1,265.77



$  
     1,290.69



$
    1,303.22  



$  
       1,341.97  





RATIOS TO
AVERAGE NET ASSETS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss (2)



-3.37%



-2.87%



    
 -2.37%



-2.12%



 -1.36%





   Partnership
expenses (1)
(2)



 3.37%



 2.87%



     
  2.37%



 2.12%



  1.36%





 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
RETURN:



-9.41%



-9.18%



     
-8.95%



-8.83%



 -8.48%





 



 



 



 



 



 




 

 

 

 

 

 

- 10
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

 




PER UNIT
OPERATING PERFORMANCE:



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  APRIL
1, 2010:



$  
      1,250.25



$      
   1,266.93



$  
   1,283.82



   $
       1,292.24  



$  
$      1,318.25  





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
OPERATING RESULTS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss



(10.52)



       
       (9.10)



       
    (7.63)



             (6.88)



            (4.57)





   Net
realized/unrealized loss



       
         (41.26)



      
      (41.84)  



       
   (42.43)       



    
       (42.72)



      
    (43.61)





   Net
loss



       
      (51.78)



         
   (50.94)  



   
   (50.06)



     
      (49.60)



     
     (48.18)





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  JUNE
30, 2010:



$
      1,198.47



$      
  1,215.99



$  
   1,233.76



$
   1,242.64  



$  
  1,270.07  





RATIOS TO
AVERAGE NET ASSETS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss (2)



-3.41%



-2.91%



  -2.41%



-2.16%  
 



-1.40%          





   Partnership
expenses (1)
(2)



 3.41%



 2.91%



   2.41%



 2.16%    



 1.40%          





 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
RETURN:



-4.14%



-4.02%



  -3.90%



-3.84%    



-3.65%          





 



 



 



 



 



 





PER UNIT
OPERATING PERFORMANCE:



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  JANUARY
1, 2010:



$  
     1,241.03



$      
   1,256.01



$  
   1,271.17



   $
        1,278.71  



$  
$       1,302.02  





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
OPERATING RESULTS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss



(20.92)



               
  (18.08)



         
(15.16)



       
    (13.67)



        
     (9.07)





   Net
realized/unrealized loss



       
         (21.64)



         
   (21.94)  



       
    (22.25)



    
        (22.40)



     
       (22.88)





   Net
loss



       
      (42.56)



        
    (40.02)  



   
    (37.41)



     
       (36.07)



     
       (31.95)





 



 



 



 



 



 





NET ASSET
VALUE,



 



 



 



 



 





  JUNE
30, 2010:



$
      1,198.47



$      
  1,215.99



$  
   1,233.76



$
    1,242.64  



$  
  1,270.07  





RATIOS TO
AVERAGE NET ASSETS:



 



 



 



 



 





   Net
investment loss (2)



-3.43%      



-2.92%



  -2.42%



-2.17%



-1.41%    





   Partnership
expenses (1)
(2)



 3.43%      



 2.92%



  
 2.42%



 2.17%



 1.41%   





 



 



 



 



 



   





TOTAL
RETURN:



-3.43%      



-3.19%



 
 -2.94%



-2.82%



-2.45%




 

 

(1)
Annualized

 

(2)
Does not
include the expenses of the Trading Companies in which the
Partnership invests.

 

4.  
Financial Instruments of the Trading Companies

The
Trading Advisors trade Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading
Companies.  Futures and forwards represent contracts for
delayed delivery of an instrument at a specified date and
price.  Futures Interests are open commitments until
settlement date, at which time they are realized.  They
are valued at fair value, generally

on a
daily basis, and the unrealized gains and losses on open contracts
(the difference between contract trade

 

- 11
-

 

 

 

  

 

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

price and
market price) are reported in the Statements of Financial Condition
as net unrealized gain or loss on open contracts.  The
resulting net change in unrealized gains and losses is reflected in
the net change in unrealized trading profit (loss) from one period
to the next on the Statements of Income and
Expenses.  The fair value of exchange-traded futures,
options and forward contracts is determined by the various futures
exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as
of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting
period.  The fair value of foreign currency forward
contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices
quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) of the last business
day of the reporting period.  The fair value of
non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated
by applying an industry standard model application for options
valuation of foreign currency options using as input, the spot
prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as
of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the
reporting period.  Risk arises from changes in the value
of these contracts and the potential inability of counterparties to
perform under the terms of the contracts.  There are
numerous factors which may significantly influence the fair value
of these contracts, including interest rate volatility.

 

The fair
value of exchange-traded contracts is based on the settlement price
quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value
is being determined.  If an exchange-traded contract
could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of
daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price
will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day
on which the contract could be liquidated.  The fair
value of non-exchange-traded contracts is based on the fair value
quoted by the counterparty.

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 12
-

 

 

 

  

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

The
Trading Companies’ contracts are accounted for on a
trade-date basis and marked to market on a daily basis. A
derivative is defined as a financial instrument or other contract
that has all three of the following characteristics:

 




1)  



a) One or
more “underlyings” and b) one or more “notional
amounts” or payment provisions;





2)  



Requires
no initial net investment or a smaller initial net investment than
would be required for other types of contracts that would be
expected to have a similar response relative to changes in market
factors; and





3)  



Terms
require or permit net settlement.




 

Generally,
derivatives include futures, forwards, swaps or options contracts,
and other financial instruments with similar characteristics such
as caps, floors, and collars.

 

The
futures, forwards and options traded by the Trading Advisors on
behalf of the Trading Companies involve varying degrees of related
market risk.  Market risk is dependent upon changes in
the level or volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, and
prices of financial instruments and commodities, factors that
result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Trading
Companies’ open positions, and consequently in their
earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash
flow.  Gains and losses on open positions of
exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward, and
exchange-traded futures-styled options contracts are settled daily
through variation margin.

 

- 13
-

 

 

 

  

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

 

 

 

Gains and
losses on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts are
settled upon termination of the contract. Gains and losses of
off-exchange-traded forward currency options contracts are settled
upon an agreed upon settlement date.  However, the
Trading Companies are required to meet margin requirements equal to
the net unrealized loss on open forward currency contracts in the
Trading Companies’ accounts with the counterparty, which is
accomplished by daily maintenance of the cash balance in a custody
account held at MSSB for the benefit of MS&Co.

 

5.  
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures

Financial
instruments are carried at fair value, which is the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market
participants.  Assets and liabilities carried at fair
value are classified and disclosed in the following three levels:
Level 1 - unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for
identical assets and liabilities; Level 2 – inputs other than
unadjusted quoted market prices that are observable for the asset
or liability, either directly or indirectly (including unadjusted
quoted market prices for similar investments,  interest
rates, credit risk); and Level 3 - unobservable inputs for the
asset or liability (including the Partnership’s own
assumptions used in determining the fair value of
investments).

 

In
certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into
different levels of the fair value hierarchy.  In such
cases, an investment’s level within the fair value hierarchy
is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement.  The Partnership’s
assessment of the significance of a particular

 

 

- 14
-

 

 

 

  

 


POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

input to
the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and
consideration of the factors specific to the investment.

 

 

The
Partnership’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis are summarized in the following tables by the
type of inputs applicable to the fair value
measurements.

 

June 30,
2011




 

 

 

Assets



  
Unadjusted

      
   Quoted Prices in

    
   Active Markets for

   
          Identical
Assets

                  
 (Level 1)



 

            
 Significant Other

              
  Observable

                     
Inputs

                  
  (Level 2)



 

        
 Significant

       
Unobservable

           
  Inputs

           
  (Level 3)



 



 

 

 

 

              
Total





 



 



 $



 



 



$          





Investment
in BHM I, LLC



–



80,002,414



–



 



80,002,414





Investment
in Aspect I, LLC



–



44,197,916



–



 



   
44,197,916





Investment
in Altis I, LLC



–



43,733,720



–



 



43,733,720





Investment
in AHL I, LLC



–



35,648,642



–



 



   
35,648,642





Investment
in Boronia I, LLC



–



29,845,529



–



 



   
29,845,529














 

 

  

December
31, 2010




 

     

 

Assets



   
Unadjusted

         
   Quoted Prices in

          
Active Markets for

         
    Identical Assets

             
        (Level 1)



 

 
          
 Significant Other

           
    Observable

                    Inputs

              
      (Level 2)



 

        
Significant

    
Unobservable

            Inputs

        
   (Level 3)



 



 

 

 

 

            
Total





 



 



   $



 



 



 $





Investment
in BHM I, LLC



–



61,727,592



–



 



61,727,592





Investment
in Aspect I, LLC



–



44,642,277



–



 



44,642,277





Investment
in WNT I, LLC



–



42,988,859



–



 



42,988,859





Investment
in Altis I, LLC



–



45,193,416



–



 



45,193,416





Investment
in Boronia I, LLC



–



25,903,543



–



 



25,903,543




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 15
-

 

 

 

  

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

The
Partnership’s assets identified as “Investments in
Affiliated Trading Companies” reflected on the Statements of
Financial Condition represents the net asset value of the
Partnership’s pro rata share of each Trading
Company.  The net assets of each Trading Company is equal
to the total assets of the Trading Company (including, but not
limited to all cash and cash equivalents, accrued interest and
amortization of original issue discount, and the fair value of all
open Futures Interests contract positions and other assets) less
all liabilities of the Trading Company (including, but not limited
to, brokerage commissions that would be payable upon the closing of
open Futures Interest positions, management fees, incentive fees,
and extraordinary expenses), determined in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (“U.S. GAAP”).

 

At June
30, 2011, the Partnership’s investment in the Trading
Companies represented approximately: BHM I, LLC 34.40%; Altis I,
LLC 18.80%; Aspect I, LLC 19.00%; AHL I, LLC 15.30%; and Boronia I,
LLC 12.80% of Polaris’ Partners’ Capital,
respectively.

 

At
December 31, 2010, the Partnership’s investment in the
Trading Companies represented approximately: BHM I, LLC 28.00%;
Aspect I, LLC 20.25%; Altis I, LLC 20.50%; WNT I, LLC 19.50%; and
Boronia I, LLC 11.75% of Polaris’ Partners’ Capital,
respectively.

 

The
tables below represent summarized Income Statement information for
the Trading Companies that the Partnership invests in for the three
and six months ended June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, in
accordance with Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X, as follows:

- 16
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

 




For the
Three Months Ended June 30, 2011

 



 

Investment
Loss



Net

  
Investment Loss

 



Total
Trading Results

 



 

Net
Loss

 





 



$



$



$



$





BHM I,
LLC



(9,126)



(1,724,433)



 (29,242,375)



 (30,966,808)





Altis I,
LLC



(4,738)



  (224,835)



(4,335,671)



(4,560,506)




 




For the
Six Months Ended June 30, 2011

 



 

Investment
Loss



Net

  
Investment Loss

 



Total
Trading Results

 



 

Net
Loss

 





 



$



$



$



$





BHM I,
LLC



(8,477)



(2,930,606)



 (25,029,608)



 (27,960,214)





Altis I,
LLC



(3,514)



  (461,756)



(11,194,194)



 (11,655,950)




 

 




For the
Three Months Ended June 30, 2010

 



 

Investment

Income/(Loss)



Net

  
Investment Loss

 



Total
Trading Results

 



Net

Income/(Loss)

 





 



$



$



$



$





BHM I,
LLC



(3,362)



(310,861)



(12,888,335)



     (13,199,196)





WNT I,
LLC



268



(473,865)



1,525,950



1,052,085





Aspect I,
LLC



(680)



(322,174)



219,680



(102,494)





Altis I,
LLC



14,152



(162,846)



(2,470,516)



(2,633,362)




 

 

  




For the
Six Months Ended June 30, 2010

 



 

Investment

Income/(Loss)



Net

  
Investment Loss

 



Total
Trading Results

 



Net

Income/(Loss)

 





 



$



$



$



$





BHM I,
LLC



(6,150)



(600,902)



(17,575,716)



     (18,176,618)





WNT I,
LLC



348



(770,738)



3,790,747



3,020,009





Aspect I,
LLC



(2,097)



(628,146)



2,213,764



1,585,618





Altis I,
LLC



20,613



(313,402)



  (478,530)



 (791,932)




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 17
-

 

 

 

  

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 

6.  
Other Pronouncements

In May
2011, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
2011-04, “ Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value
Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs
”).” The amendments within this ASU change the wording
used to describe many of the requirements in U.S. GAAP for
measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair
value measurements to eliminate unnecessary wording differences
between U.S. GAAP and IFRSs. However, some of the amendments
clarify the FASB’s intent about the application of existing
fair value measurement requirements and other amendments change a
particular principle or requirement for measuring fair value or for
disclosing information about fair value measurements. The ASU is
effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
15, 2011 for public entities. This new guidance is not expected to
have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial
statements.

 

7.  
Income Taxes

No
provision for income taxes has been made in the accompanying
financial statements, as limited partners are individually
responsible for reporting income or loss based upon their
respective share of the Partnership’s revenues or expenses
for income tax purposes.  The Partnership files U.S.
federal and state tax returns.

 

 

 

 

- 18
-

 

 

 

  

 

POLARIS
FUTURES FUND L.P.

(formerly,
Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.)

NOTES TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONCLUDED)

 

The
guidance issued by Financial Accounting Standards Board on income
taxes clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in the Partnership's financial statements, and
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken.  The Partnership has
concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions
that would require recognition in the financial statements as of
June 30, 2011.  If applicable, the Partnership recognizes
interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest
expense and penalties in other expenses in the Statements of Income
and Expenses.  Generally, the 2007 through 2010 tax years
remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax
authorities.  No income tax returns are currently under
examination.

 

8.  
Subsequent Events

Management
of Ceres performed its evaluation of subsequent events through the
date of filing, and has determined that there were no subsequent
events requiring adjustment of or disclosure in the financial
statements.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 19
-

 

 

 

  

 




Item
2 .



MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS




 

 

Liquidity
.  MS&Co.
and its affiliates act as custodians of each Trading
Company’s assets pursuant to customer agreements and foreign
exchange customer agreement.  The Partnership allocates
substantially all of its assets to multiple Trading Companies. Such
assets are deposited in the Trading Companies’ trading
accounts with MS&Co. or its affiliates.  The funds in
such accounts are available for margin and are used to engage in
Futures Interest trading pursuant to instructions provided by the
Trading Advisors.  The assets are held in either
non-interest bearing bank accounts or in securities and instruments
permitted by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for
investment of customer segregated or secured
funds.  Since the Partnership’s sole purpose is to
trade Futures Interests indirectly through the investment in the
Trading Companies, it is expected that the Trading Companies will
continue to own such liquid assets for margin purposes.

 

The
Trading Companies’ investment in Futures Interests may, from
time to time, be illiquid.  Most U.S. futures exchanges
limit fluctuations in prices during a single day by regulations
referred to as “daily price fluctuation limits” or
“daily limits.”  Trades may not be executed
at prices beyond the daily limit.  If the price for a
particular futures or options contract has increased or decreased
by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in that futures or
options contract can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders
are willing to effect trades at or within the
limit.  Futures prices have occasionally moved the daily
limit for several consecutive days with little or no
trading.  These market conditions could prevent the
Trading Companies from promptly liquidating their futures or
options contracts and result in restrictions on
redemptions.

 

 

 

- 20
-

 

 

 

  

 

 

There is
no limitation on daily price moves in trading forward contracts on
foreign currencies.  The markets for some world
currencies have low trading volume and are illiquid, which may
prevent the Trading Companies from trading in potentially
profitable markets or prevent the Trading Companies from promptly
liquidating unfavorable positions in such markets, subjecting them
to substantial losses.  Either of these market conditions
could result in restrictions on redemptions.  For the
periods covered by this report, illiquidity has not materially
affected the Partnership’s assets.

 

There are
no known material trends, demands, commitments, events, or
uncertainties at the present time that are reasonably likely to
result in the Partnership’s liquidity increasing or
decreasing in any material way.

 

Capital
Resources .  The
Partnership does not have, nor does it expect to have, any capital
assets.  Redemptions, exchanges, and sales of Units in
the future will affect the amount of funds available for
investments in Futures Interests in subsequent
periods.  It is not possible to estimate the amount, and
therefore the impact, of future inflows and outflows of
Units.

 

There are
no known material trends, favorable or unfavorable, that would
affect, nor any expected material changes to the
Partnership’s capital resource arrangements at the present
time.

 

Results of
Operations

General
.  The
Partnership’s results depend on the Trading Advisors and the
ability of each Trading Advisor’s trading program to take
advantage of price movements in the futures, forward and options
markets.  The following presents a summary of the
Partnership’s operations for the three and six month periods
ended

 

- 21
-

 

 

 

  

 

 

June 30,
2011 and 2010, and a general discussion of its trading activities
during each period.  It is important to note, however,
that the Trading Advisors trade in various markets at different
times and that prior activity in a particular market does not mean
that such market will be actively traded by the Trading Advisors or
will be profitable in the future.  Consequently, the
results of operations of the Partnership are difficult to discuss
other than in the context of the Trading Advisors’ trading
activities on behalf of the Partnership during the period in
question.  Past performance is no guarantee of future
results.

 

The
Partnership’s results of operations set forth in the
financial statements on pages 2 through 19 of this report are
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require the use of
certain accounting policies that affect the amounts reported in
these financial statements, including the following:  the
contracts the Trading Companies trade are accounted for on a
trade-date basis and marked to market on a daily
basis.  The difference between their original contract
value and fair value is recorded on the Statements of Income and
Expenses as “Net change in unrealized gain (loss)” for
open contracts, and recorded as “Realized trading gain
(loss)” when open positions are closed out.  The
sum of these amounts constitutes the Trading Company’s
trading results.  The fair value of a futures contract is
the settlement price on the exchange on which that futures contract
is traded on a particular day.  The value of a foreign
currency forward contract is based on the spot rate as of
approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) the close of the business
day.

 

For the
Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2011

The
Partnership recorded total realized/net change in unrealized
depreciation on investments of $(12,758,539) and expenses totaling
$1,762,755, resulting in a net loss of $14,521,294 for the three
months ended June 30, 2011.  The Partnership’s net
asset value per Unit by share Class is provided in the table
below.

- 22
-

 

 

 

  

 





Share
Class



      
NAV at 6/30/11    



     
NAV at 3/31/11





 



 



 





A



$1,241.33



$1,319.68





B



$1,265.77



$1,343.96





C



$1,290.69



$1,368.67





D



$1,303.22



$1,381.08





Z



$1,341.97



$1,419.43




 

The most
significant trading losses were recorded within the agricultural
complex, primarily during May, from long positions in cocoa futures
as prices declined amid speculation that global supplies are
rising. Additional losses were experienced during June from long
positions in wheat futures as prices fell on speculation that warm
weather would aid U.S. crops. Within the global interest rate
sector, losses were incurred primarily in April due to short
positions in European fixed-income futures as prices moved higher
after Standard & Poor’s put a “negative”
outlook on the United States’ AAA credit rating, prompting
demand for an alternative to U.S. Treasuries. Within the global
stock index markets, losses were experienced primarily during May
and June from long positions in U.S., European, and Pacific Rim
equity index futures as prices moved lower after
worse-than-expected economic reports stoked concern the global
economic recovery is faltering. Losses were recorded within the
metals sector, primarily during May and June, from long positions
in aluminum futures as prices fell on spurring speculation
China’s anti-inflation policies may slow growth in the
world’s second-biggest economy and biggest purchaser of base
metals. Within the energy complex, losses were incurred primarily
during May and June due to long futures positions in crude oil and
its related products as prices moved lower on concern energy demand
may weaken. A portion of the Partnership’s losses for the
quarter was offset by gains achieved within the currency markets,
primarily during April, due to long positions in the Australian
dollar, euro, and Swiss franc versus the U.S. dollar as the value
of these currencies rose against the U.S. dollar after
better-than-expected corporate earnings reports and signs of global
growth spurred demand for higher-yielding currencies.

 

- 23
-

 

 

 

  

 

The
Partnership recorded total realized/net change in unrealized
depreciation on investments of $(19,331,414) and expenses totaling
$3,460,896, resulting in a net loss of $22,792,310 for the six
months ended June 30, 2011.  The Partnership’s net
asset value per Unit by share Class is provided in the table
below.

  




Share
Class



      
NAV at 6/30/11



   
NAV at 12/31/10





 



 



 





A



$1,241.33



$1,370.27





B



$1,265.77



$1,393.71





C



$1,290.69



$1,417.54





D



$1,303.22



$1,429.48





Z



$1,341.97



$1,466.39




 

The most
significant trading losses were incurred in the global interest
rate sector, primarily during February, from short positions in
U.S. fixed-income futures as prices increased amid concern over
unrest in the Middle East, which spurred demand for the relative
“safety” of government debt. Further losses were
experienced during April from short positions in European
fixed-income futures as prices moved higher. Within the global
stock index markets, losses were recorded primarily during March
from long positions in Japanese and European equity index futures
as prices reversed lower amid concern that the natural disaster and
subsequent nuclear crisis in Japan was going to threaten the global
economic recovery. Additional losses were experienced in this
sector during May and June from long positions in U.S., European,
and Pacific Rim equity index futures. Within the agricultural
complex, losses were incurred primarily during March due to long
positions in cocoa futures as prices fell on signs the political
turmoil that hampered exports may be easing in the Ivory Coast, the
world’s biggest producer of cocoa.

 

 

 

 

 

- 24
-

 

 

 

  

 

In June,
long positions in wheat futures resulted in losses as prices fell.
Losses were experienced within the metals markets, primarily during
March, from long positions in copper and nickel futures as prices
moved lower amid concern that rising energy costs would possibly
slow the global economy and reduce demand for base metals. Further
losses were incurred within this sector during May and June from
long positions in aluminum futures. A portion of the
Partnership’s losses during the first half of the year was
offset by gains recorded within the energy markets, primarily
during February, from long futures positions in RBOB (unleaded)
gas, gas oil, and brent crude as prices rose after protests in
Egypt turned violent, causing concern that crude oil supplies may
be disrupted. In April, long futures positions in crude oil and its
related products also resulted in gains as prices continued to
increase amid concern that unrest may spread to other
crude-producing parts of the Middle East and curtail energy
supplies.

 

For the
Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2010

The
Partnership recorded total realized/net change in unrealized
depreciation on investments of $(6,150,063)   and
expenses totaling $1,380,706, resulting in net a loss of $7,530,769
for the three months ended June 30, 2010.  The
Partnership’s net asset value per Unit by share Class is
provided in the table below.

 





Share
Class



   
NAV at 6/30/10



   
NAV at 3/31/10





 



 



 





A



$1,198.47



$1,250.25





B



$1,215.99



$1,266.93





C



$1,233.76



$1,283.82





D



$1,242.64



$1,292.24





Z



$1,270.07



$1,318.25




 

The most
significant trading losses of approximately 2.4% were recorded
within the global stock index sector during May and June from long
positions in U.S., European, and Pacific Rim equity index futures
as prices reversed lower on growing concerns that Greece’s
sovereign debt crisis might spread throughout Europe.

 

- 25
-

 

 

 

  

 

Prices
also fell due to concerns over weakening growth in China and a
slump in U.S. consumer confidence.  Within the metals
complex, losses of approximately 2.3% were incurred throughout the
quarter from long positions in copper, aluminum, and zinc futures
as prices were pressured lower on concern that demand for base
metals might be slipping after reports signaled a deteriorating
economic outlook in China and the U.S., the world’s top base
metals consumers.  Elsewhere, long positions in palladium
futures resulted in losses as prices dropped in May and June on the
aforementioned concerns regarding China’s economic impact on
metals demand.  Losses of approximately 1.6% were
incurred within the energy sector primarily during May from long
futures positions in crude oil and its related products as prices
declined on continued worries that Europe’s aforementioned
debt troubles might slow down the global economic recovery and
thereby weaken energy demand. Elsewhere, short positions in natural
gas futures resulted in losses as prices reversed higher during the
first half of the month after a U.S. government report showed that
stockpiles grew less than forecast. During June, additional losses
were incurred from short futures positions in crude oil and its
related products, as well as in natural gas, as prices reversed
higher following news that crude inventories dropped the most in
six months and on speculation that the first tropical storm of the
hurricane season may form and disrupt production in the Gulf of
Mexico.  Within the agricultural complex, losses of
approximately 0.9% were experienced during April and May from long
positions in sugar futures as prices fell on speculation that
higher production in Brazil and India may help leave ample global
supplies.  Lastly, short futures positions in wheat,
corn, and soybeans experienced losses primarily during April and
June as prices rose amid supply concerns.  A portion of
the Partnership’s losses for the quarter was offset by gains
of approximately 4.7% achieved in the global interest rate sector
from long positions in U.S., European, and Pacific Rim fixed-income
futures as prices trended higher throughout the quarter due to
increased “safe haven” demand as investors remained
concerned about the stability of the economic recovery. Prices also
rose as the European

 

- 26
-

 

 

 

  

 

Central
Bank left interest rates at a record low after Europe’s
sovereign debt crisis forced it to start buying government
bonds.  Smaller gains of 0.2% were experienced in the
currency sector throughout the quarter from short positions in the
euro versus the U.S. dollar and Japanese yen as the value of the
euro declined against these currencies amid concern Greece might
struggle to raise further funds and after reports of political
discord in Europe, thus reigniting worries about the stability of
the region’s economy.

 

The
Partnership recorded total realized/net change in unrealized
depreciation on investments of $(3,255,417) and expenses totaling
$2,686,215, resulting in a net loss of $5,941,632 for the six
months ended June 30, 2010.  The partnership’s net
asset value per Unit by share Class is provided in the table
below.

  




Share
Class



NAV at
6/30/10



NAV at
12/31/09





 



 



 





A



$1,198.47



$1,241.03





B



$1,215.99



$1,256.01





C



$1,233.76



$1,271.17





D



$1,242.64



$1,278.71





Z



$1,270.07



$1,302.02




 

The most
significant trading losses of approximately 2.5% were recorded in
the agricultural complex, primarily during February, March, April,
and May, from long futures positions in sugar as prices reversed
lower and continued to fall amid easing supply concerns following
news that production might rise in Brazil, India, and Thailand,
three of the world’s largest sugar
producers.  Additional losses were recorded, primarily
during January and March, from long positions in corn futures as
prices fell on speculation that warmer weather in the central U.S.
may improve planting conditions.  Losses were also
incurred during May as corn prices declined after the Chinese
government said it might toughen measures to curb speculation in
agricultural commodities and stabilize prices.  Within
the global stock index sector, losses of approximately

 

- 27
-

 

 

 

  

 

2.5% were
incurred during January from long positions in European, U.S., and
Pacific Rim equity index futures as prices moved lower amid
disappointing U.S. corporate earnings reports. Further losses were
experienced during May and June from long positions in U.S.,
European, and Pacific Rim equity index futures as prices reversed
lower on growing concerns that Greece’s sovereign debt crisis
might spread throughout Europe. Prices also fell due to concerns
over weakening growth in China and a slump in U.S. consumer
confidence.  Losses of approximately 1.6% were
experienced in the metals complex during January, April, May, and
June from long positions in copper, aluminum, and zinc futures as
prices were pressured lower on concern that demand for base metals
might be slipping after reports signaled a deteriorating economic
outlook in China and the U.S., the world’s top base metals
consumers.  Within the energy sector, losses of
approximately 1.3% were experienced primarily during January and
May from long futures positions in crude oil and its related
products as prices declined on continued worries that a slow down
in the global economic recovery may weaken energy demand. During
June, newly established short futures positions in crude oil and
its related products resulted in losses as prices reversed higher
following news that crude inventories dropped the most in six
months.  A portion of the Partnership’s losses for
the first six months of the year was offset by gains of
approximately 6.1% achieved in the global interest rate sector from
long positions in European, U.S., and Japanese fixed-income futures
as prices trended higher throughout a majority of the first half of
the year due to increased “safe haven” demand as
investors remained concerned about the stability of the economic
recovery.  Smaller gains of approximately 1.8% were
experienced in the currency sector, primarily during January and
February, from short positions in the euro and British pound versus
the U.S. dollar and Japanese yen as the value of these European
currencies decreased amid concerns regarding Greece’s
mounting debt burden.  Additional gains were achieved as
the value of the euro and British pound declined throughout a
majority of the second quarter after reports of political discord
in Europe, thus reigniting worries about the stability of the
region’s economy.

- 28
-

 

 

 

  

 

Item
3 .
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK

Introduction

All of
the Partnership’s assets are subject to the risk of trading
loss through its investments in the Trading Companies, each of
which invests substantially all of its assets in the trading
program of an unaffiliated Trading Advisor. The market-sensitive
instruments held by the Trading Companies are acquired for
speculative trading purposes, and substantially all of the
respective Trading Companies’ assets are subject to the risk
of trading loss.  Unlike an operating company, the risk
of market-sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the
Trading Companies’ main line of business.

 

The
futures, forwards and options traded by the Trading Companies
involve varying degrees of related market risk.  Market
risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of
interest rates, exchange rates and prices of financial instruments
and commodities.  These factors result in frequent
changes in the fair value of the Trading Companies’ open
positions, and consequently in their earnings, whether realized or
unrealized, and cash flow.  Gains and losses on open
positions of exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward, and
exchange-traded futures-styled options contracts are settled daily
through variation margin.  Gains and losses on
off-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency
options contracts are settled upon termination of the
contract.  However, the Trading Companies are required to
meet margin requirements equal to the unrealized loss on open
forward currency contracts in the Trading Companies’ accounts
with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily maintenance
of the cash balance in a custody account held at MSSB for the
benefit of MS&Co.

 

- 29
-

 

 

  

 




 





 

 

The total
market risk of the respective Trading Companies may increase or
decrease as it is influenced by a wide variety of factors,
including, but not limited to, the diversification among the
Trading Companies’ open positions, the volatility present
within the markets, and the liquidity of the markets.




 

The face
value of the market sector instruments held by the Trading
Companies is typically many times the applicable margin
requirements.  Margin requirements generally range
between 2% and 15% of contract face value.  Additionally,
the use of leverage causes the face value of the market sector
instruments held by the Trading Companies typically to be many
times the total capitalization of the Trading Companies.

 

The
Partnership’s and the Trading Companies’ past
performance are no guarantee of their future
results.  Any attempt to numerically quantify the Trading
Companies’ market risk is limited by the uncertainty of their
speculative trading.  The Trading Companies’
speculative trading and use of leverage may cause future losses and
volatility ( i.e. , “risk of ruin”) that far
exceed the Trading Companies’ experiences to date disclosed
under the "Trading Companies’ Value at Risk in Different
Market Sectors" section and significantly exceed the Value at Risk
(“VaR”) tables disclosed below.

 

Limited
partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net
asset value of their investment.

 

 

Quantifying
the Trading Companies’ Trading Value at Risk

 

The
following quantitative disclosures regarding the Trading
Companies’ market risk exposures contain "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil
liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the
Securities Act

 

- 30
-

 

 

 

  

 

of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). All
quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be
forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor, except
for statements of historical fact.

 

The
Trading Companies account for open positions on the basis of mark
to market accounting principles. Any loss in the market value of
the Trading Companies’ open positions is directly reflected
in the Trading Companies’ earnings and cash flow.

 

The
Trading Companies’ risk exposure in the market sectors traded
by the Trading Advisors is estimated below in terms of
VaR.  VaR for a particular market sector is estimated by
Ceres using a model based upon historical simulation (with a
confidence level of 99%) which involves constructing a distribution
of hypothetical daily changes in the value of a trading
portfolio.  The VaR model takes into account linear
exposures to risks including equity and commodity prices, interest
rates, foreign exchange rates, and correlation among these
variables.  The hypothetical daily changes in the value
of a Trading Company’s portfolio are based on daily
percentage changes observed in key market indices or other market
factors (“market risk factors”) to which the portfolio
is sensitive. The one-day 99% confidence level of the Trading
Companies’ VaR corresponds to the reliability of the
expectations that the Trading Company’s trading losses in one
day will not exceed the maximum loss indicated by the
VaR.  The 99% one-day confidence level is not an
indication of probability of such losses, nor does VaR typically
represent the worst case outcome.  Ceres uses
approximately four years of daily market data and

re-values
its portfolio for each of the historical market moves that occurred
over this period. This enables Ceres to generate a distribution of
daily “simulated profit and loss” outcomes.

 
 

 

 

- 31
-

 

 

 

  

 

The
Trading Companies’ VaR computations are based on the risk
representation of the underlying benchmark for each instrument or
contract and do not distinguish between exchange and non-exchange
dealer-based instruments.  They are also not based on
exchange and/or dealer-based maintenance margin
requirements.  VaR models, including the models used by
Morgan Stanley and Ceres, are continually evolving as trading
portfolios become more diverse and modeling techniques and systems
capabilities improve. Please note that the VaR model is used to
quantify market risk for historic reporting purposes only and is
not utilized by either Ceres or the Trading Advisors in their daily
risk management activities. Please further note that VaR as
described above may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures
used by other entities.

 

The
Trading Companies’ Value at Risk in Different Market
Sectors

As of
June 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010, Altis I, LLC’s total
capitalization was $48,540,074 and $45,193,416,
respectively.  The Partnership owned approximately 90%
and 100%, respectively, of Altis I, LLC.

  

Altis I,
LLC




 



     June
30,  2011



 



  December
31, 2010





Primary
Market Risk Category



VAR



 



VAR





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(0.86)%



 



(0.78)%





Currency



(1.92)



 



(2.14)





Equity



(0.46)



 



(0.36)





Commodity



(0.77)



 



(2.83)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



(2.22)%



 



(4.33)%




 

 

As of
June 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010, Aspect I, LLC’s total
capitalization was $49,050,123 and $54,986,074,
respectively.  The Partnership owned approximately 90%
and 81%, respectively, of Aspect I, LLC.

 

 

- 32
-

 

 

 

  

 


Aspect I,
LLC




 



                    
June 30, 2011 



 



        
December 31, 2010





Primary
Market Risk Category



VAR                              



 



VAR                                   





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(2.17)%



 



(0.27)%





Currency



(1.07)



 



(0.91)





Equity



(0.23)



 



(1.48)





Commodity



(0.75)



 



(2.49)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



(2.59)%



 



(4.04)%




 

As of
June 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010, BHM I, LLC’s total
capitalization was $413,342,385 and $208,652,878,
respectively.  The Partnership owned approximately 19%
and 30%, respectively, of BHM I, LLC.

  

BHM I,
LLC




 



                       
  June 30, 2011



 



                   
 December 31, 2010





Primary
Market Risk Category



VAR       



 



VAR        





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



 (0.40)%



 



 (0.39)%





Currency



(0.16)



 



(0.08)





Commodity



(3.42)



 



(3.79)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 (4.06)%



 



 (4.02)%




 

As of
June 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010, Boronia I, LLC’s total
capitalization was $43,853,560 and $40,286,523,
respectively.  The Partnership owned approximately 68%
and 64%, respectively, of Boronia I, LLC.

  

Boronia I,
LLC




 



                      
    June 30, 2011



 



                    
December 31, 2010





Primary
Market Risk Category



VAR       



 



VAR       





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



 (0.73)%



 



 (0.52)%





Currency



(1.27)



 



(1.39)





Equity



(2.17)



 



(0.65)





Commodity



(0.77)



 



(2.28)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 (4.06)%



 



 (2.68)%




 

- 33
-

 

 

 

  

 

As of
June 30, 2011 AHL I, LLC’s total capitalization was
$39,564,376.  The Partnership owned approximately 90% of
AHL I, LLC.  Effective June 1, 2011 AHL I, LLC was added
as a Trading Company.

  

AHL I,
LLC




 



                                             
June 30, 2011





Primary
Market Risk Category



VAR             





 



 





Interest
Rate



(0.74)%





Currency



 (2.52)





Equity



 (0.41)





Commodity



    
(0.52)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



(2.14)%




 

 

 

As of
December 31, 2010, WNT I, LLC’s total capitalization was
$53,769,718.  The Partnership owned approximately 80% of
WNT I, LLC.  Effective as of the close of business on May
31, 2011, WNT I, LLC was terminated as a Trading Advisor to the
Partnership.

  

WNT I,
LLC




 



                                          
December 31, 2010





Primary
Market Risk Category



VAR     





 



 





Interest
Rate



 (0.26)%





Currency



(0.43)





Equity



(1.26)





Commodity



(1.44)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 (2.85)%




 

 

The VaR
for a market category represents the one-day downside risk for the
aggregate exposures associated with this market
category.  The Aggregate Value at Risk listed above
represents the VaR of the respective Trading Companies’ open
positions across all the market categories, and is less than the
sum of the VaRs for all such market categories due to the
diversification benefit across asset classes.

 

 

- 34
-

 

 

 

  

 

Because
the business of the Trading Companies is the speculative trading of
futures, forwards and options, the composition of their trading
portfolio can change significantly over any given time period, or
even within a single trading day.  Such changes could
positively or negatively materially impact market risk as measured
by VaR.

 

The table
below supplements the quarter-end VaR set forth above by presenting
the Trading Companies’ high, low, and average VaR, as a
percentage of total net assets for the four quarter-end periods
from July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011 and January 1, 2010 through
December 31, 2010, respectively.

 

  

June 30,
2011

Altis I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High      



Low                            



Average        





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(1.08)%



(0.56)%



(0.82)%  





Currency



 (2.14)



(1.38)



(1.80)





Equity



 (3.93)



(0.36)



(1.46)





Commodity



 (2.98)



(0.77)



(2.08)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 
(4.41)%



(2.22)%



(3.38)%




 

 

Aspect I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High



Low                              



Average           





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(2.17)%



(0.27)%



(1.19)%  





Currency



 (1.34)



(0.91)



(1.12)





Equity



 (1.48)



(0.23)



(0.92)





Commodity



 (2.52)



(0.75)



(1.77)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 
(4.21)%



(2.59)%



(3.42)% 




 

 

 

 

- 35
-

 

 

 

  

 


BHM I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High          



Low                        



Average            





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(0.55)%



(0.34)%



(0.42)%





Currency



 
(0.16)



(0.06)



 (0.10)





Commodity



 
(3.90)



(3.33)



 (3.61)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



   
(4.45)%



(3.61)%



(4.03)%




 

 

 

  

Boronia I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High



Low                         



Average            





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(0.73)%



(0.36)%



(0.54)% 





Currency



 (1.39)



(0.57)



(0.95)





Equity



 (2.17)



(0.65)



(1.37)





Commodity



 (2.57)



(0.77)



(1.90)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



  
(4.06)%



(2.68)%



(3.47)%  




  

AHL I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High       



Low                      



Average           





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(0.74)%  



   –    %



(0.18)%  





Currency



(2.52)



   –



(0.63)





Equity



(0.41)



   –



(0.10)





Commodity



(0.52)



   –



(0.13)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 (2.14)%



   –    %



(0.54)%  




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 36
-

 

 

 

  

 

  

December
31, 2010

Altis I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High       



Low                            



Average         





 



 



   



     





Interest
Rate



(1.57)%



(0.72)%



(1.04)% 





Currency



 (2.14)



(0.75)



(1.50)





Equity



 (3.93)



(0.36)



(2.12)





Commodity



 (2.98)



(1.16)



(2.22)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



  
(4.41)%



(2.43)%



(3.59)%  





 

Aspect I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High        



Low                       



Average          





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(1.65)%  



(0.27)%



(1.10)%  





Currency



(1.34)



(0.33)



(0.83)





Equity



(2.14)



(0.22)



(1.21)





Commodity



(2.49)



(0.76)



(1.50)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 (4.04)%



(1.56)%



(3.00)% 




  

BHM I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High       



Low                              



Average         





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(0.78)% 



(0.16)%



 (0.42)%   





Currency



(0.37)



(0.06)



(0.22)





Commodity



(3.90)



(2.52)



(3.33)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



(4.45)% 



(2.41)%



(3.65)%




 

Boronia I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High      



Low                                



Average         





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(2.08)% 



(0.36)%



(1.12)% 





Currency



(1.39)



(0.57)



(0.85)





Equity



(2.01)



(0.65)



(1.34)





Commodity



(2.57)



(0.69)



(1.72)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 (4.30)%



(2.68)%



(3.57)% 




 

 

- 37
-

 

 

 

  

 


WNT I,
LLC




Primary
Market Risk Category



High          



Low                                      



Average
             





 



 



 



 





Interest
Rate



(1.13)%  



(0.26)%



(0.71)% 





Currency



(0.72)



(0.43)



(0.59)





Equity



(2.15)



(0.13)



(1.11)





Commodity



(1.44)



(0.58)



(1.02)





Aggregate
Value at Risk



 
(2.85)%



(1.45)%



(2.23)% 




 

Limitations
on Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk

VaR
models permit estimation of a portfolio’s aggregate market
risk exposure, incorporating a range of varied market risks,
reflect risk reduction due to portfolio diversification or hedging
activities, and can cover a wide range of portfolio
assets.  However, VaR risk measures should be viewed in
light of the methodology’s limitations, which include, but
may not be limited to the following:




·  



past
changes in market risk factors will not always result in accurate
predictions of the distributions and correlations of future market
movements;





·  



changes in
portfolio value caused by market movements may differ from those of
the VaR model;





·  



VaR
results reflect past market fluctuations applied to
current  trading positions while future risk depends on
future positions;





·  



VaR using
a one-day time horizon does not fully capture the market risk of
positions that cannot be liquidated or hedged within one day;
and





·  



the
historical market risk factor data used for VaR estimation may
provide only limited insight into losses that could be incurred
under certain unusual market movements.




 

In
addition, the VaR tables above, as well as the past performance of
the Partnership and the Trading Companies, give no indication of
the Partnership’s potential “risk of
ruin.”

- 38
-

 

 

 

  

 

The VaR
tables provided present the results of the Partnership’s VaR
for each of the Trading Companies’ market risk exposures and
on an aggregate basis at June 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010 and
for the four quarter-end reporting periods from July 1, 2010
through June 30, 2011 and from January 1, 2010 through December 31,
2010, respectively.  VaR is not necessarily
representative of the Trading Companies’ historic risk, nor
should it be used to predict the Partnership or the Trading
Companies’ future financial performance or their ability to
manage or monitor risk. There can be no assurance that the Trading
Companies’ actual losses on a particular day will not exceed
the VaR amounts indicated above or that such losses will not occur
more than once in 100 trading days.

 

Non-Trading
Risk

The
Trading Companies have non-trading market risk on their foreign
cash balances. These balances and any market risk they may
represent are immaterial.

 

The
Trading Companies also maintain a substantial portion of their
available assets in cash at MSSB; as of June 30, 2011, such amount
was equal to:




·  



approximately
88% of Altis I, LLC’s net assets.





·  



approximately
92% of Aspect I, LLC’s net assets.





·  



approximately
92% of BHM I, LLC’s net assets.





·  



approximately
91% of Boronia I, LLC’s net assets.





·  



approximately
94% of AHL I, LLC’s net assets.




 

 

A decline
in short-term interest rates would result in a decline in the
Trading Companies’ cash management income.  This
cash flow risk is not considered to be material.

- 39
-

Materiality,
as used throughout this section, is based on an assessment of
reasonably possible market movements and any associated potential
losses, taking into account the leverage, optionality, and
multiplier features of the Trading Companies’
market-sensitive instruments, in relation to the Trading
Companies’ net assets.

 

Qualitative
Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures

The
following qualitative disclosures regarding the Partnership’s
market risk exposures – except for (A) those disclosures that
are statements of historical fact and (B) the descriptions of how
the Partnership manages its primary market risk exposures –
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.  The Partnership’s primary
market risk exposures, as well as the strategies used and to be
used by Ceres and the Trading Advisors for managing such exposures,
are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any
one of which could cause the actual results of the
Partnership’s risk controls to differ materially from the
objectives of such strategies.  Government interventions,
defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of
dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in
historical price relationships, an influx of new market
participants, increased regulation, and many other factors could
result in material losses, as well as in material changes to the
risk exposures and the risk management strategies of the
Partnership.

 

Investors
must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of their
investment in the Partnership.

 

Item
4 .   
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

 

 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the
supervision and with the participation of the management of Ceres,
at the time this quarterly report was filed, Ceres’ President
(Ceres’ principal executive officer) and Chief Financial
Officer (Ceres’ principal

 

- 40
-

 

 

 

  

 

financial
officer) have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of the Partnership’s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2011.  The
Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to provide reasonable assurance that information the Partnership is
required to disclose in the reports that the Partnership files or
submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed and
summarized and reported within the time period specified in the
applicable rules and forms.  Based on this evaluation,
the President and Chief Financial Officer of Ceres have concluded
that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Partnership were
effective at June 30, 2011.

 




 



Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting




There
have been no significant changes during the period covered by this
quarterly report in the Partnership’s internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of
the Exchange Act) that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect the Partnership’s internal
control over financial reporting.

 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls

 

Any
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide reasonable (not absolute) assurance that its objectives
will be met.  Furthermore, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, have been detected.

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 41
-

 

 

 

  

 

PART
II.  OTHER INFORMATION

Item
1A .  
RISK FACTORS

 

There
have been no material changes from the risk factors previously
referenced in the Partnership’s Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2010.

 

 
 

Item
2 .  
UNREGISTERED SALES OF SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS

 

Units of
the Partnership are sold to persons and entities who are accredited
investors as the term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D.

 

The
aggregate proceeds of securities sold in all share Classes to the
limited partners through June 30, 2011 was
$301,481,510.  The Partnership received $2,217,000 in
consideration from the sale of Units to the General
Partner.

 

Item
6 .  
EXHIBITS




10.1



Advisory
Agreement among Morgan Stanley Smith Barney AHL I, LLC, Ceres
Managed Futures LLC and Man-AHL (USA) Ltd. dated May 4,
2011.




 




31.01



Certification
of President of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the general partner of
the Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002.




 




31.02



Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the
general partner of the Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.




 




32.01



Certification
of President of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the general partner of
the Partnership, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.




 




32.02



Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the
general partner of the Partnership, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002.




 

 

 

 

 

- 42
-

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


SIGNATURE

 

 

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

 




 



Polaris
Futures Fund L.P.





 



(Registrant)





 



 



 





 



By:



Ceres
Managed Futures LLC





 



 



(General
Partner)





 



 



 





August 15,
2011



By:



/s/Jennifer
Magro





 



 



Jennifer
Magro





 



 



Chief
Financial Officer




 

 

 

 

The
General Partner which signed the above is the only party authorized
to act for the registrant.  The registrant has no
principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
controller, or principal accounting officer and has no Board of
Directors.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- 43
-

 

 

 

 


 

 

    

 

 

 


 

CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT REQUESTED. Confidential portions of this document have
been redacted and have been separately filed with the
Commission.

Exhibit
10.1

 

 

ADVISORY
AGREEMENT

 

THIS
AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), made as of May 4, 2011,
among Morgan Stanley Smith Barney AHL I, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the “Trading Company”), Ceres
Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
“Trading Manager”), and Man-AHL (USA) Ltd., a United
Kingdom company (the “Trading Advisor”).

 

W I T N E
S S E T H :

 

WHEREAS
, the
Trading Company has been organized pursuant to a Certificate of
Formation filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
April 13, 2011 (the “Certificate of Formation”) and an
operating agreement (the “Operating Agreement”) to,
among other things, directly or indirectly through a commodity
trading advisor, trade, buy, sell, spread, or otherwise acquire,
hold, or dispose of commodities (including, but not limited to,
foreign currencies, mortgage-backed securities, money market
instruments, financial instruments, and any other securities or
items which are now, or may hereafter be, the subject of futures
contract trading), domestic and foreign commodity futures
contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options
on physical commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash)
commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for
physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts
transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto, whether traded on
an organized exchange or otherwise (hereinafter referred to
collectively as “futures interests”; provided ,
however , such definition shall exclude securities futures
products as defined by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(the “CFTC”), options in securities futures and options
in equities) and securities (such as United States Treasury
securities) approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds
and other securities on a limited basis, and to engage in all
activities incident thereto;

 

WHEREAS
, the
Trading Company is a commodity pool operated by the Trading Manager
in which other commodity pool investment vehicles sponsored and/or
managed by the Trading Manager and/or its affiliates will invest
(each such investment vehicle, a “Member,” and
collectively, the “Members”);

 

WHEREAS
, the
principals of the Trading Advisor have extensive experience trading
in futures interests and the Trading Advisor is willing to provide
the services and undertake the obligations as set forth
herein;

 

WHEREAS
, the
Trading Company and the Trading Manager each desires the Trading
Advisor to act as a trading advisor for the Trading Company and to
make investment decisions with respect to futures interests for the
Trading Company and the Trading Advisor desires so to act;
and

 

WHEREAS
, the
Trading Company, the Trading Manager and the Trading Advisor wish
to enter into this Agreement which, among other things, sets forth
certain terms and conditions upon which the Trading Advisor will
conduct the Trading Company’s futures interest
trading.

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

NOW,
THEREFORE , the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

 




1.  



Undertakings
in Connection with the Continuing Offering of Units
.




 

(a)
  The Trading Advisor agrees with respect to the continuing
offering of Units: (i) to make all disclosures regarding itself,
its “principals,” “trading principals,” and
“trading program” (each of the foregoing as defined in
Section 4.10 of the Commodity Regulations) and
“affiliates” (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”)
as required by Rule 4.21 of the regulations under the Commodity
Exchange Act (the “CEAct”), in connection with any
Member’s offering materials (collectively, the
“Offering Memoranda”) including in connection with any
amendments or supplements thereto; or (y) to comply with any other
applicable law or rule or regulation, including those of the CFTC,
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the National Futures
Association (the “NFA”) or any other regulatory or
self-regulatory body, exchange, or board with jurisdiction over its
members (or to comply with the reasonable request of the
aforementioned organizations); and (ii) to at all times while any
of the Units continue to be offered, promptly pr


 








 












