
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Dc Generators - Manufacturer from Polar Power Inc., usa




 




  Hello TradeHelloTrade Will Help  You To Find A Business 






X




 We are here to help!   Save time and let us provide you 
              with verified contacts  


Your Contact Details













Invalid Input






Enter product/service name






 Provide any specific details about : 'Product/Service required', 'Quality', 'Standard', 'Size' etc...












Invalid Mobile Number









Mobile Number






Invalid E-mail ID






Email ID









Kindly enter full name






Full Name



 




































Convenient




Competitive
                                 Quotes 
                            




Choice of
                                 Suppliers
                            




Payment 
                              Protection
                            


 












 




Welcome  to HelloTrade! 

 Buy | Sell | Events | Tenders | 






 HelloTrade 





I Want to Buy
I Want to Sell
Trade Events
Tenders

I Want to Buy





 Request for Quote 





 Home » Sellers » Batteries & Charge Storage Devices 
Polar Power Inc.http://www.hellotrade.com 
 22520 Avalon Blvd. Carson, California-90745, United States+(1)-310-8309153





Contact Supplier





HomeCompany ProfileProducts & Services  Dc Eutectic RefrigeratorDc GeneratorsBattery ChargerGenerators/micro-cogeneration UnitContact UsEmail Enquiry  Dc GeneratorsNext Product  »  
Get QuotesYes! I am interestedFOB Price : Get Price Polar Power, Inc. first tested its DC generator using its PMHH Alternator technology in 1992. Since then numerous organizations have performed extensive testing on our generators, including the US Army. Polar’s DC generator sets (gensets) meets both Military and Belcore power applications. Test reports are available. Polar assembles the genset to meet its' clients requirements by adding the appropriate diesel, gasoline, or gas (propane, butane, natural) engine to our DC alternators. The engines are available in either a liquid or air-cooled version. Polar has designed this DC alternator incorporating state-of-the-art technologies and all new tooling to meet the increased performance demand for:   Low Maintenance   Low EMI Emissions   Very High Quality Electrical Output   Light Weight   Low Fuel Consumption   Low Acoustic Noise   High and Low Ambient Operation (-40° to 125° F)   Polar Power has met these performance goals through an integrated engineering effort involving detailed analysis of engine, voltage regulator, field coil, magnet, stator, rotor, and diode effects on the system's output voltage and current.




Get Quotes from Polar Power Inc.
























RELATED PRODUCTSDc Shunt Generator No Load Tests On Dc Shunt GeneratorOpen Circuit Test Objective: To obtain the magnetization characteristic and therefore determine the critical field resistance and critical speed of  ...H. L. Scientific IndustriesDc Shunt Generator No Load Tests On Dc Shunt GeneratorOpen Circuit Test Objective: To obtain the magnetization characteristic and therefore determine the critical field resistance and critical speed of  ...Super Scientific IndustriesDc Series Motor Shunt Generator LabFeatures : Provided with Digital Tachometer Electrical Loading Arrangement Flexible Shaft Coupling Arrangement Good quality digital panel meters  ...Scientech Technologies Pvt. Ltd.




 Related Suppliers Polaroid South Africa inc.Pollux Battery Express WholesalesPollux Distributors, Inc.Polus Europe S.R.O. 


X









Invalid Input





Enter product/service name

 


Provide any specific details  about : 'Product/Service required', 'Quality','Standard','Size' etc...










Please enter Mobile Number







Mobile Number





                                    Convenient 
                                 


                                    Competitive Quotes 
                                 


                                    Choice of Suppliers 
                                 


                                   Payment Protection
                                 







Invalid Email ID






                                 Email ID
                                 








Kindly enter full name






                                 Full Name
                                 

 



 Your Contact Information: 
 







































  More Products From This Supplier Battery ChargerGenerators/micro-cogeneration Unit







Invalid Input





Enter product/service name









Please enter Mobile Number





Mobile Number






Invalid Email ID






 Email ID



Invalid Email ID



 

Full Name 





Your Contact Information 
                









Provide any specific details  about : 'Product/Service required', 'Quality','Standard','Size' etc...





Convenient
               

Competitive Quotes
               

Choice of Suppliers
               

Payment Protection 
               








































          sending enquiry ....  Thanks for Asking Quotation.Your enquiry has been sent successfullyThanks for Asking Quotation.Your enquiry has been sent successfully      unable to instantiate your call right now. please try after some time.  

  Provide more details for suppliers to better understand your requirement to get quick response.         Approximate order value: Mode of shipment: Preferred payment mode: Destination port:  Describe product application/usage:         --Select Currency-- INR - India Rupees USD - U.S. Dollars GBP - U.K. Pounds EUR - Euro AUD - Australia Dollars CAD - Canada Dollars CHF - Switzerland Francs JPY - Japan Yen HKD - Hong Kong Dollars NZD - New Zealand Dollars SGD - Singapore Dollars NTD - Taiwan Dollars RMB - Renminbi Other         --Please Select-- FOB - Free On Board CIF - Cost, Insurance, Freight CFR - Cost and Freight CIP - Carriage and Insurance Paid CPT - Carriage Paid To DAF - Delivered At Frontier DDP - Delivered Duty Paid DDU - Delivered Duty Unpaid DEQ - Delivered Ex Quay DES - Delivered Ex Ship EXW - Ex Works FAS - Free Alongside Ship FCA - Free Carrier     --Please Select-- L/C - Letter of Credit T/T - Wire Transfer DP - Documents against Payment Credit Card Western Union Money Gram              Preferred suppliers location:        City1   City2 City3       How soon do you want to purchase:   Immediate    After 1 month    Why do you need this:   For Reselling   For Your End Use  Is this your:   One Time Requirement   Regular Requirement  --Select--Daily Weekly Monthly Quaterly Half Yearly Yearly    






©Copyright HelloTrade.com
Home | About Us | Partner with us | Disclaimer | Testimonial | Feedback | Help





  POLA:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Polar Power Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Polar Power Inc   POLA:US   NASDAQ CM        5.50USD   0.15   2.65%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   5.66    Day Range   5.43 - 5.89    Volume   46,792    Previous Close   5.65    52Wk Range   4.35 - 11.50                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   5.66    Day Range   5.43 - 5.89    Volume   46,792    Previous Close   5.65    52Wk Range   4.35 - 11.50    YTD Return   -38.55%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   55.787    Shares Outstanding  (m)   10.143    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.54%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change +0.14%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/27/2017   Polar Power to Host Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference  Call on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET     6/27/2017   Polar Power to Host Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference  Call on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET     5/8/2017   Polar Power Enters Asia Pacific Telecom Market With New Office in Sydney, Australia     5/8/2017   Polar Power Enters Asia Pacific Telecom Market With New Office in  Sydney, Australia     5/4/2017   Polar Power to Participate at Upcoming Investor Conferences     5/4/2017   Polar Power to Participate at Upcoming Investor Conferences     4/28/2017   Polar Power Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results     4/28/2017   Polar Power Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results     3/21/2017   Polar Power Enters African Telecom Market With Energy Efficient Solar Hybrid Power Systems     3/21/2017   Polar Power Enters African Telecom Market With Energy Efficient Solar  Hybrid Power Systems    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Polar Power, Inc. designs and manufactures power and cooling systems. The Company offers direct-current (DC) generators, DC alternators, batteries, and generator accessories. Polar Power serves telecommunications, military, hybrid power systems, and marine sectors globally.    Address  249 East Gardena BlvdGardena, CA 90248United States   Phone  1-310-830-9153   Website   www.polarpower.com     Executives Board Members    Arthur D Sams  Chairman/President/CEO    Luis Zavala  VP:Finance/Acting CFO    Adam Szczepanek  VP:Business Development    Rajesh Masina  VP:Operations     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Polar Power Inc in Carson, CA 90745 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Carson
» Instruments, Tools & Appliances
» Polar Power Inc













Polar Power Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





22520 Avalon Blvd  Carson, California 90745


Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Polar Power Inc is located at the address 22520 Avalon Blvd in Carson, California 90745.  Polar Power Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Richard  Ulinski, Vice President of Engineering or  go to www.polarpowerinc.comFor maps and directions to Polar Power Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Polar Power Inc see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Website: www.polarpowerinc.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Arthur
Main Contact Last Name: Sams
Main Contact Title: President
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 10
Exact Sales Volume: 375-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Instruments, Tools & Appliances
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Commercial Products



People Also Viewed


GENERATOR MAINTENANCE SERVICE


21008 S Alameda St  Carson, California 90810





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Richard  Ulinski
VICE PRESIDENT OF ENGINEERING
Phone: (310) 830-9153 
 



Arthur  Sams
PRESIDENT
Phone: (310) 830-9153 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 POLA - Stock quote for Polar Power Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Polar Power Inc
NASDAQ: POLA



US Markets Closed










AdChoices








5.50


▼


-0.15
-2.65%



After Hours : 
5.52
+0.02
+0.36%



 July 27, 2017 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes; Source: NASDAQ. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
5.66


Previous Close
5.65


Volume (Avg) 
46.79k (108.24k)


Day's Range
5.43-5.89


52Wk Range
4.35-11.50


Market Cap.
55.79M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
10.14M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
12.63 (0.44) 









Recent News







Polar Power: More To Come Over The Verizon

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
7/13/2017






Where to buy (12) FPPF Polar Power Diesel Treatment #90106

                            
                            sites.google.com
                        
3 days ago






Polar Power (POLA) STOCK POLA STOCK

                            
                            marketsinsider.com
                        
6 days ago






Early Gainers – Composite Trading Summary

                            
                            Fx Pips
                        
7/17/2017






POLAR POWER INC Balance Sheet - Annual (NASDAQ:POLA)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/17/2017






New Case of Measles Confirmed in Minnesota

                            
                            healthcaremenu.net
                        
7/14/2017








The Paloma Partners Management Co Invests $940000 in Bio-Techne Corp (TECH)

                            
                            healthcaremenu.net
                        
7/14/2017






My Watchlist for Thursday, July 06

                            
                            ac-investor.blogspot.com
                        
7/5/2017






Polar Power, Inc. (POLA) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
7/5/2017






Polar Power, Inc. (NASDAQ:POLA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research

                            
                            BNS
                        
7/4/2017






Polar Power

                            
                            www.vbprofiles.com
                        
7/3/2017






Polar Power to Host Second Quarter

                            
                            investorshangout.com
                        
6/27/2017








Polar Power, Inc. (POLA) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages

                            
                            Breeze
                        
6/27/2017






AWM Investment Company Inc. Has $2.02 Million Position in Polar Power, Inc. (POLA)

                            
                            hungarytoday.hu
                        
6/20/2017






Analyzing Polar Power (POLA) and Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC)

                            
                            BNS
                        
6/19/2017






Hydrogenics (HYGS): Floating on Air, Ready to Drop

                            
                            thestreetsweeper.org
                        
6/15/2017






Zacks: Polar Power, Inc. (POLA) Given $10.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
6/15/2017






Polar Power Inc (POLA) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS

                            
                            Breeze
                        
5/28/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,796.55


+85.54
+0.39%













Last updated time
7/27/2017 4:45 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,382.19




-40.56
-0.63%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,391.29




-51.72
-0.69%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,963.23




-1.68
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Polar Products - Cooling Vests and Pain Relief Therapy - Polar Products Inc














































				A leading US manufacturer ofbody cooling and hot & coldtherapy products since 1984.
			

				A leading US manufacturer of body cooling and hot & cold therapy products since 1984.
			


Customer Service: 1.800.763.8423











Customer Service: 1.800.763.8423











1.800.763.8423














SHOP BODYCOOLING

Cooling Vests
Adjustable Cooling Pack Vests
Fitted + Fashion Cooling Pack Vests
Torso Cooling Pack Vests
Circulating Cool Water Vests and Accessories
Water-Activated Evaporative Vests
Fire-Resistant Cooling Vests
Cooling Accessories
Neck + Upper Spine Wraps
Wrist + Ankle Wraps
Cooling Hats + Headgear
Seats + Blankets
Chest + Breast
Polar Coolers + Pack Containers
Kits - Save Money!
Custom Cooling Solutions
Cooling Pack Replacement Sets
Shop by Cooling Technology
Polar Life Pod® Cold Water Immersion System
Buy a Gift Certificate!


BODY COOLINGFOR...

Multiple Sclerosis & Other Heat Intolerant Conditions
Industrial & Construction Workers
Sports + Recreation
Operating Rooms
Kids + Teens
Military + Government
Medical Conditions
Weight Loss and Diabetes
Women's Health
Dogs
Heat-Related Illness
Mascots + Costumes
Race Car Drivers
Custom + Specialty Cooling Systems
Private Label Program


SHOP HOT +COLD THERAPY

Circulating Water Cold Therapy System

Active Ice 2.0® Universal
Active Ice 2.0® Knee
Active Ice 2.0® Shoulder
Active Ice 2.0® Back or Hip
Active Ice 2.0® Foot and Ankle
Active Ice 2.0® Hand or Wrist
Active Ice 2.0® Bladders
Active Ice 2.0® Accessories
Cool Flow® Head Cap
Cold/Hot Compression Therapy Wraps
Soft Ice® Cold/Hot Packs
Microwaveable Moist Heat Wraps
Drug-Free Pain Management Kits
Moist Heat + Cold Compression Wrap Kits
Migraine + Headache Relief Kits
Coaches' Sports Therapy Kits
Trigger Point Massage
Private Label Program
Buy a Gift Certificate!


PAIN RELIEFFOR...

Post-Surgery
Chronic Pain
Acute Pain
Women's Health
Sports Therapy
Military + Government
Industrial & Construction Workers
Migraines + Headaches
Medical Conditions
Where does it hurt?
Ankle + Foot
Back
Breast + Chest
Elbow
Head
Hip
Knee
Leg
Neck + Upper Spine
Shoulder
Wrist + Hand


QUESTIONS+ SUPPORT

Customer Service
Download Catalogs
Download Operations Manuals
Download MS Newsletters
International Orders
Insurance
Product Warranties
Shipping
Size Charts
Returns + Exchanges
Multiple Sclerosis
Why MS + Cooling?
Non-profit Cooling Programs
MS Resources
MS + Cooling Research
Request Free Educational Materials
Body Cooling FAQs
How do I choose which cooling is best for me?
Hot + Cold Therapy FAQs
When to use Hot vs. Cold Therapy
Benefits of Moist Heat


CUSTOMERREVIEWS

Customer Photos
Customer Videos
Testimonials
Multiple Sclerosis
Other Medical Conditions
Industrial + Professional
Sports + Recreation
Pediatric
By Product


ABOUTPOLAR

Contact Us
Our Team + Mission
The Polar Story
Polar In the News
GSA Contract
Become a Distributor
Blog: "Chill with Polar"
Studies with Polar Products





































Shop Our Featured Products















Women's "Home and Away" Fashion Kit with Vest, Scarf

$228.00












Santa Fashion Cooling Vest with Kool Max® Packs

$185.00












New Active Ice 2.0® Universal Therapy System with 9 Quart Cooler

$184.00












Adjustable Zipper Cooling Vest with (5-12) Small Kool Max® Packs

$128.50












Women's Fashion Cooling Vest with Kool Max® Packs

$137.75












Men's Fashion Cooling Vest with Kool Max® Packs

$155.00












Polar Products Gift Certificates













Women's "Home and Away" Fashion Kit with Vest, Scarf

$228.00












Polar's "Home and Away" Kit: Zipper Vest with Kool Max® Packs & Cool58® Packs

$218.00












Soft Ice® Shoulder Wrap

$32.95












Cool Comfort® Kit  with Vest, Neck & Wrist Wraps, Hat

$59.40












Thera-Temp® Moist Heat Cervical Wrap

$34.95












Cool Kids Cooling Vest

$134.00












Soft Ice® Deluxe Knee Wrap

$32.50












SOLUTIONS FOR COOLING EVERY BODY®  


We are proud to manufacture the most comprehensive and complete line of body cooling vests and cooling wraps!
      Our cooling systems are used worldwide for industrial safety, construction, emergency services, athletics and fitness,
      the military and people with medical heat-sensitivity. Need help choosing which cooling technology is best for your
      unique application? Click here for a guide for the best type of cooling for you!  


Adjustable Cooling Vests


Cooling for Multiple Sclerosis


Cooling for Workers


Cooling for Operating Rooms



NATURAL, DRUG-FREE PAIN MANAGEMENT  


Polar's cold and hot therapy products provide natural, drug-free pain management for chronic pain, acute injuries
and post-surgery. Our best-selling Active Ice® System has been described by our customers as a "lifesaver" after
surgery! (Read what they have to say!) Medical professionals love our customized Soft Ice® packs as a marketing tool.  


Post-Surgery Pain Relief

Moist Heat for Chronic Pain

Cold Therapy for Acute Pain

Women's Health 


POLAR CAN HELP  


We have over 30 years of experience and we are a leading US manufacturer of cooling vests and hot/cold therapy products. Join our team: become a distributor! We are proud suppliers for the MS Cooling Programs offered by the Multiple Sclerosis Association of America and the Multiple Sclerosis Foundation. Polar has a GSA Contract to supply our
products to the US Military and VA Hospitals nationwide. Medical professionals and non-profit organizations use our customized products as a marketing tool. Let us know how we can partner with you too!  


Multiple Sclerosis Non-Profit Cooling Programs

GSA Contract

Become a Distributor

Private Label Programs 


POLAR LIFE POD® COLD WATER IMMERSION SYSTEM  

  

Readily available for use whenever and wherever needed! The patent pending Polar Life Pod® is a portable and collapsible immersion system to facilitate the rapid cooling of individuals and athletes. The patent pending Polar Life Pod® was designed by a licensed athletic trainer, paramedic and former certified emergency room RN with over 30 years of clinical sports medicine, emergency room and EMS experience. Watch a real time demonstration of the Polar Life Pod®.  


STAY CONNECTED WITH POLAR
        
					







  


Polar Products is a family-owned and operated business specializing in the design and manufacture of innovative,
high-quality, competitively priced body cooling vests and hot and cold therapy systems.
We have over 30 years of experience cooling people in diverse applications, including industrial safety, construction,
emergency services, athletics and fitness, the military and people with medical heat-sensitivity. We are proud to
manufacture the most comprehensive and complete line of body cooling products in the world.
Our reusable hot and cold therapy products provide natural, drug-free relief from pain and are used by hospitals,
therapists, doctors, sports teams, and individuals worldwide!
In addition to our excellent products, we strive to ensure complete customer satisfaction. At Polar, we believe that the
best measure of our success is the loyalty of our customers. We appreciate the trust they place in us and we are
committed to always maintaining that trust.   








Get to Know Us.
Polar's Story
Blog: "Chill with Polar"
GSA Contract
Polar in the News
Become a Distributor
Customer Testimonials


How Can We Help?
Frequently Asked Questions
Download Catalogs
Download Operations Manuals
Returns & Exchanges
Size Charts
My Account


Let's Talk.
            3380 Cavalier Trail
            Stow, Ohio 44224
            Ph: 1.800.763.8423 • 330.253.9973
            Fax: 330.253.4233
            Hours: M-F 8:00 am - 5:00 pm EST
polar@polarproducts.com




Copyright 2017 Polar Products Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Map 




I Can Help! What Questions Do You Have?X









X
CONTACT US
We are here to answer your questions! Send us a message and we will get right back to you. To speak with Customer Service, please call us at 1.800.763.8423.




Name

E-Mail

Phone

How Can We Help You?

Send Message
The form is not valid.You must complete the Required fields. 


Thank you for contacting us! We will reply promptly.














×
Global Message














Quick View




































DC generators & Alternators, Hybrid Power Systems, Solar Power, Telecommunications, Marine, Military.









































































 
 











 





Telecommunications 

 

  Hybrid Solar Energy Systems   

 

  Temporary Power and Rental   

 

  Backup DC Generators   

 

  Prime Power Systems   

   Learn More    







Solar Hybrid Power 

HIGH RELIABILITY 

LOW CAPITAL COST 

LOW OPERATION COST 

LOW CARBON FOOTPRINT 

   Learn More    







Military  

AUXILARY POWER 

PRIME POWER 

ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL 

HYBRID VEHICLE POWER 

   Learn More    

 







Marine 

DC GENERATORS 

LITHIUM ION BATTERIES 

HYBRID ELECTRIC PROPULSION 

   Learn More    



 





POLAR IS CHANGING THE WAY WE GENERATE AND CONSUME ENERGY ™




Telecom

Telecommunications
Hybrid

Hybrid Energy
Marine

Marine
Military

Military
Rapid Charging EV

Rapid Charging EV

PROVIDING EFFICIENT ENERGY SYSTEMS FOR 21ST CENTURY NEEDS




Power solutions for all your needs
The power requirements for telecommunications, electric cars, data centers, military equipment, and marine vessels have changed for the 21st century; but they are still being powered by 19th century technology.

Please take the opportunity to explore our website for our 21st century innovative ideas and solutions.



About Us


We are one of the technology leaders in providing power and cooling solutions for:
telecommunications power and cooling, renewable energy,
military applications, marine, oil fields,
and rapid charging electric vehicles.


Meet our Team
Industry LeaderLeading the industry for DC generators, hybrid power systems, and custom power solutions.

Worldwide PresenceOver the last 30+ years, our products are well represented in 100+ countries.

Made in the USAOur products are designed, made, and manufactured in California.

Custom SolutionsWe work to customize our power solutions to our customers' needs.


   

 





ExCeL

Royal Victoria Dock, 1 Western Gateway, London E16 1XL, UK

12sep - 15All DayDSEI
Event DetailsDSEI is the world leading platform for innovative launches across the whole of the defence and security sector.  In 2015 DSEI welcomed over 34,000 attendees, 76% of which had


Event Details
DSEI is the world leading platform for innovative launches across the whole of the defence and security sector.  In 2015 DSEI welcomed over 34,000 attendees, 76% of which had direct influence over purchasing decisions.
This audience included over 300 high level speakers from Ministers, Senior Defence Staff and leading industry figures, and 255 Official Delegations. DSEI has a proven track record of bringing the entire supply chain together on an unrivalled scale.










Timeseptember 12 (Tuesday) - 15 (Friday)






LocationExCeLRoyal Victoria Dock, 1 Western Gateway, London E16 1XL, UK




 





Learn More






CalendarGoogleCal















Sandton Convention Centre

161 Maude St, Sandton, Johannesburg, 2196, South Africa

3oct - 4All DayTower Xchange Africa & ME
Event DetailsTowerXchange Meetups are unique executive retreats for the most influential men and women in telecoms infrastructure. Our longest running event, the TowerXchange Meetup Africa and Middle East enters its 5th


more

Event Details
TowerXchange Meetups are unique executive retreats for the most influential men and women in telecoms infrastructure. Our longest running event, the TowerXchange Meetup Africa and Middle East enters its 5th year in 2017, returning to Johannesburg on 3-4 October.
80-90% of the leading towercos and MNOs attend
At other telecom events, a maximum of around 10-15% of the CXOs who lead tower strategy for MNOs and towercos are in attendance. At TowerXchange we regularly attract multiple senior representatives from 80-90% of the towercos active in any region, as well as the majority of MNOs. And thanks to our unique structured networking roundtables, everyone has access to these decision makers.










Timeoctober 3 (Tuesday) - 4 (Wednesday) UTC+02:00






LocationSandton Convention Centre161 Maude St, Sandton, Johannesburg, 2196, South Africa




 


CalendarGoogleCal
 











Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre

2684 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach QLD 4218, Australia

22oct - 26All DayINTELEC
Event DetailsINTELEC® is an international annual technical conference which, for the past thirty-eight (38) years, has been the premier forum for the science and engineering of energy systems for Information and


Event Details
INTELEC® is an international annual technical conference which, for the past thirty-eight (38) years, has been the premier forum for the science and engineering of energy systems for Information and Communications Technologies(ICT). Research and technical papers explore the needs and trends in the subject areas of power conversion, energy storage, and high-reliability and mission-critical powering infrastructure. Topics include DC power plants, powering architectures, converters, inverters, batteries, fuel cells, grounding, physical and thermal designs, building and equipment cooling systems.










Timeoctober 22 (Sunday) - 26 (Thursday)






LocationGold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre2684 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach QLD 4218, Australia




 


CalendarGoogleCal
 






 













Newsletter signup




Name(required) 



 


Email address(required) 



 

This field should be left blank
 

Send

Please wait...





 












 



X





































Scroll to top






















Polar Power, Inc. - POLA - Stock Price Today - Zacks









 




























 


Free Gift
	for Zacks.com visitors
 

		POLA is down -2.66% today, but where's it headed in August?
 


   

 Privacy Policy

		No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever.
 


















 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 Polar Power, Inc. (POLA)
(Delayed Data from NSDQ)



$5.50 USD
5.50
46,792


                -0.15                (-2.66%)
              

Updated Jul 27, 2017 03:59 PM ET




Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



                                                 3-Hold     3     




Style Scores:



B Value | A Growth | B Momentum | A VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Top 35%(93 out of 265) 
Industry: Utility - Electric Power




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        









Quote Overview
















Stock Activity



Open
5.66


Day Low
5.43


Day High
5.89


52 Wk Low
4.35


52 Wk High
11.50


Avg. Volume
74,165


Market Cap
55.79 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
0.00





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.08


Current Qtr Est
0.08


Current Yr Est
0.45


Exp Earnings Date
*AMC8/8/17


Prior Year EPS
0.58


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
12.56


PEG Ratio
NA










Utilities » Utility - Electric Power



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for POLA



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



News for POLA

Zacks News for POLA
Other News for POLA



Top Ranked Value Stocks to Buy for April 27th
04/27/17-12:00AM EST  Zacks

4 Stocks Value Investors Will Love in the Utility Sector
03/29/17-9:00AM EST  Zacks

POLA: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

4 Utility Value Stocks to Consider if Rate Slump Continues
03/22/17-5:07PM EST  Zacks


More Zacks News for POLA




Polar Power: More To Come Over The Verizon
07/14/17-2:15AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Technology - Top Gainers / Losers as of 3:00 pm
07/14/17-2:15AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Stocks to watch next week
06/02/17-1:45AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Technology - Top Gainers / Losers as of 3:00 pm
05/23/17-2:15AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Polar Power reports Q1 results
04/28/17-8:00AM EST  Seeking Alpha


More Other News for POLA





Premium Research for POLA





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 35%(93 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 38% (6  out of 16) 



Style Scores

B Value | A Growth | B Momentum | A VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for POLA

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Polar Power, Inc.
POLA



Atlantica Yield PLC
ABY



RWE AG
RWEOY



Allete, Inc.
ALE



Alliant Energy Corporation
LNT



Avista Corporation
AVA



DTE Energy Company
DTE




See all Utility - Electric Power Peers


 








Price and EPS Surprise Chart














1 Month
3 Months
YTD





Interactive Chart | Fundamental Chart



Billion Dollar Secret



Company Summary
Polar Power Inc. is engaged in designing, manufacturing and selling direct current power, systems and cooling systems for telecommunications, military, hybrid power station, DC marine and rapid charging electric vehicle. Its product portfolio includes DC generators, Marine DC generators, DC alternators, Li-ion batteries and generator accessories. Polar Power Inc. is headquatered in Gardena, California.   

















 
























































































































About Us – Polar Power









































































 
 







Polar Power
We design and manufacture power and cooling systems for targeted market applications. In particular, we offer DC power systems, DC hybrid power systems, and DC solar hybrid power systems for telecommunications, military, renewable energy, marine, automotive and oil field applications. Our solutions provide reliable and low-cost energy for applications that do not have access to the utility grid or will continue to power applications in the event of utility grid failure.
Our specialization
TelecommunicationsHybrid Power SystemsMilitaryMarine






 





 

LONG BEACH GRAND PRIX 







 

GPU FOR U-2 SPY PLANE 







 

COACHELLA festival 



 









Company
We were incorporated in the state of Washington in 1979 under the name Polar Products. To more specifically target the power systems industry, we changed our name to Polar Power Inc in 1991 and during this process we reincorporated in the state of California. Our corporate headquarters are located in Gardena, California.
Our first product, a solar powered vaccine refrigerator/freezer for use in remote areas worldwide, was manufactured at our former Bellingham, Washington facility. This product was developed in support of a World Health Organization initiative and the U.S. Agency for International Development. This project was administered by the NASA Lewis Research Center.
Since then, we have continued to expand our capabilities and product lines within the solar and renewable energy industries. Historically, solar powered products and systems developed and manufactured by us included voltage regulators, charge controllers, ice plants, freezers and refrigerators, water pumps, lighting, cathodic protection, telecommunication power systems, and ultra-low temperature freezers.
We expanded our services in 1984 to include the design and manufacturing of manual and automated test systems for the aerospace industry. We supplied Coolanol test carts required for testing F- 14 radar assemblies to Hughes Aircraft. We also produced computerized environmental control units for production testing of laser guided missile launch systems for Martin Marietta.
For General Dynamics, we engineered and prototyped an innovative cooling system for the Phalanx Gun system. In 1984, we were awarded a contract by the U.S. Army to develop and manufacture a high reliability battery charger for use as part of a security system in nuclear arsenals. Other contracts followed from the U.S. Air Force, Army, Navy and Defense Logistics Agency for DC generators, power supplies, and cooling systems.
Until 1992, we purchased DC alternators that were essentially reconfigured AC alternators. These units were large, heavy, and inefficient. Dissatisfied with the technologies available at the time, we developed an advanced permanent magnet hybrid homopolar alternator that met stringent U.S. specifications. In 1995, the U.S. Department of Defense described our product as the most advanced generator in production.
With the exponential growth of the telecommunications sector in the early 1990s, we strategically shifted our efforts away from manufacturing products primarily for military applications to focus more on the telecommunications industry. We were one of the first to introduce DC power systems and micro-cogeneration systems that provided both power and cooling within the same package into the telecommunications market.
During the last 10 years we have developed numerous proprietary technologies in an effort to improve our product performance and aid the expansion of our power solutions. We have also made substantial investments in our tooling and machinery - resulting in a significant reduction of our production costs.


Our Team

Arthur D. SamsPresident and Chief Executive Officerarthur-d-sams – About
Raj MasinaVice President Operationsraj-masina – About
Luis ZavalaVice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officerluis-zavala – About
Adam SzczepanekVice President Business Developmentadam-szczepanek – About
Chris SaboDirector of Telecom Sales and Business Developmentchris-sabo – About
Andre HerbstDirector of Telecom Sales & Business Development - Africaandre-herbst – About
Lucie HoustonAccount Executive, Telecomlucie-houston – About

   

 





ExCeL

Royal Victoria Dock, 1 Western Gateway, London E16 1XL, UK

12sep - 15All DayDSEI
Event DetailsDSEI is the world leading platform for innovative launches across the whole of the defence and security sector.  In 2015 DSEI welcomed over 34,000 attendees, 76% of which had


Event Details
DSEI is the world leading platform for innovative launches across the whole of the defence and security sector.  In 2015 DSEI welcomed over 34,000 attendees, 76% of which had direct influence over purchasing decisions.
This audience included over 300 high level speakers from Ministers, Senior Defence Staff and leading industry figures, and 255 Official Delegations. DSEI has a proven track record of bringing the entire supply chain together on an unrivalled scale.










Timeseptember 12 (Tuesday) - 15 (Friday)






LocationExCeLRoyal Victoria Dock, 1 Western Gateway, London E16 1XL, UK




 





Learn More






CalendarGoogleCal















Sandton Convention Centre

161 Maude St, Sandton, Johannesburg, 2196, South Africa

3oct - 4All DayTower Xchange Africa & ME
Event DetailsTowerXchange Meetups are unique executive retreats for the most influential men and women in telecoms infrastructure. Our longest running event, the TowerXchange Meetup Africa and Middle East enters its 5th


more

Event Details
TowerXchange Meetups are unique executive retreats for the most influential men and women in telecoms infrastructure. Our longest running event, the TowerXchange Meetup Africa and Middle East enters its 5th year in 2017, returning to Johannesburg on 3-4 October.
80-90% of the leading towercos and MNOs attend
At other telecom events, a maximum of around 10-15% of the CXOs who lead tower strategy for MNOs and towercos are in attendance. At TowerXchange we regularly attract multiple senior representatives from 80-90% of the towercos active in any region, as well as the majority of MNOs. And thanks to our unique structured networking roundtables, everyone has access to these decision makers.










Timeoctober 3 (Tuesday) - 4 (Wednesday) UTC+02:00






LocationSandton Convention Centre161 Maude St, Sandton, Johannesburg, 2196, South Africa




 


CalendarGoogleCal
 











Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre

2684 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach QLD 4218, Australia

22oct - 26All DayINTELEC
Event DetailsINTELEC® is an international annual technical conference which, for the past thirty-eight (38) years, has been the premier forum for the science and engineering of energy systems for Information and


Event Details
INTELEC® is an international annual technical conference which, for the past thirty-eight (38) years, has been the premier forum for the science and engineering of energy systems for Information and Communications Technologies(ICT). Research and technical papers explore the needs and trends in the subject areas of power conversion, energy storage, and high-reliability and mission-critical powering infrastructure. Topics include DC power plants, powering architectures, converters, inverters, batteries, fuel cells, grounding, physical and thermal designs, building and equipment cooling systems.










Timeoctober 22 (Sunday) - 26 (Thursday)






LocationGold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre2684 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach QLD 4218, Australia




 


CalendarGoogleCal
 






 













Newsletter signup




Name(required) 



 


Email address(required) 



 

This field should be left blank
 

Send

Please wait...





 












 



X





































Scroll to top





	Polar Power, Inc. - Polar Power Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results





































Skip to main content











Polar Power



























Home»Investors»Press Releases»Press Release Details
        










View all Press Releases





Polar Power Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


April 28, 2017


Download PDF
PDF Format (opens in new window)
 
()


First Quarter 2017 Net Sales up 47% to Record $5.0 Million
GARDENA, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 04/28/17 --
        
Polar Power, Inc.

(NASDAQ: POLA), a global provider of prime and backup DC power solutions, reported its financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017.


Key First Quarter 2017 Financial & Operational Highlights:



Received product approval and vendor listings for DC power solutions from two, Tier-1 wireless carriers in the United States, Polar Power is now an approved vendor to 3 of the top 5 U.S. wireless carriers.
Hired and appointed strategic personnel:Andre Herbst - Director of Telecom Sales and Business Development Africa specializing in energy efficient solar hybrid power systems. Established an office in Cape Town, South Africa. Michael Mullen - Manager of Telecom Business Development Middle East. Established an office in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Christopher Sabo - East Coast Regional Director of Telecom Business Development.
Introduced a new and economical 15kW horizontal diesel DC generator to compete with legacy AC products in international and U.S. markets. 
Commenced an R&D program for next generation DC power solutions for 5G market opportunities. 
Commenced an R&D program for 200kW DC generator for data centers and military applications.
Net sales increased 47% to $5.0 million, as compared to $3.4 million in Q1 2016.
Operating income remained unchanged at $1.0 million.
Net income remained unchanged at $0.6 million, or $0.06 per basic and diluted share, as compared to net income of $0.6 million, or $0.08 per basic and diluted share, in Q1 2016.


Financial Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Versus Same Year-Ago Quarter

Net sales totaled $5.0 million in Q1 2017, an increase of 47%, as compared to $3.4 million in Q1 2016. The increase in net sales was a result of an increase in the number of DC power systems sold within the U.S. telecommunications market.
Backlog totaled $1.0 million at March 31, 2017, as compared to $3.1 million at December 31, 2016. The decrease in backlog at the end of Q1 2017 as compared to the end of Q4 2016 was attributable to delays in renewing pricing terms for the Company's DC power solutions with existing and new customers, coupled with a lower than expected level of product sales to the Company's largest customer.
Gross profit increased to $1.9 million in Q1 2017 as compared to $1.4 million in Q1 2016. This represents a 33% increase in gross profit. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales, decreased 390 basis points to 38.6% in Q1 2017, as compared to 42.5% in Q1 2016. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was attributable to the decrease in pricing of the Company's DC power solutions during Q1 2017. In addition, an increase in direct labor that was absorbed in cost of sales negatively affected the Company's margins. Employee count increased 89% to 102 in the first quarter of 2017 as compared to 54 in the first quarter of 2016. 
Operating expenses increased to $1.0 million in Q1 2017 from $0.5 million in Q1 2016. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to the addition of sales and administrative personnel and an increase in consulting and accounting fees.
Operating income remained unchanged at $1.0 million. 
Net income remained unchanged at $0.6 million, or $0.06 per basic and diluted share in Q1 2017, compared to net income of $0.6 million, or $0.08 per basic and diluted share, in Q1 2016. 
Cash at March 31, 2017 totaled $16.8 million, as compared to $16.2 million at December 31, 2016. The substantial balances of cash as of the comparative periods ended March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 resulted from the net proceeds of $17.0 million from the Company's initial public offering in December 2016.

Management Commentary

"During the first quarter of 2017, we made substantial progress executing on our business plan," said Polar Power CEO, Arthur Sams. "One of our major goals was to reduce our customer concentration and to secure new wireless carriers for our DC power solutions. We are pleased to report that during the first quarter we obtained approved vendor status with two additional U.S. wireless carriers and now service 3 of the top 5 wireless carriers in the United States. We anticipate these new carriers will commence ordering products in the upcoming quarters.
"In preparation for these customers coming online, we reduced our pricing structure and started training new employees to gear up production. These strategic decisions resulted in a decline in our gross profit as a percentage of net sales to 38.6% from our normalized range of 40%-45%. We expect our gross profit as a percentage of sales to return to levels within the normalized range during the second half of 2017, after we maximize labor efficiency and realize the positive changes with our new supply chain agreements.
"During the first quarter of 2017, we also developed a new, 15kW horizontal diesel DC power system that comes at a lower cost and similar margin profile as our current product portfolio. We believe that this new power system increases our competitiveness overseas, meets new customer demands and will assist us in diversifying our current customer concentration profile amongst wireless carriers in the U.S. We decided to implement more competitive pricing and develop new "economy" models in order to accelerate product acceptance with new customers.
"On the R&D front, our engineers commenced new initiatives for our next generation DC power solution that will address the significant 5G market opportunity, which we believe will be a much smaller footprint across many sites. We expect 5G to be fully commercialized by 2020. Small cell sites are a key requirement for the mainstream rollout of 5G and we believe our competitive advantage in size and efficiency provides us with a unique opportunity to capitalize on this immense opportunity in the coming years.
"We believe the outlook for the remainder of 2017 is encouraging. Despite lower than expected sales and backlog for the first quarter of 2017, we remain confident in our ability to continue to execute on our business plan for 2017 and beyond. Our confidence is based in large part upon our new Tier-1 wireless carrier customers, expected penetration in international markets, deployment of new products and the commencement of our rental fleet with small to medium-sized telecoms. 
"We look forward to sharing more on our developing story at three investor conferences during the month of May 2017," concluded Sams. 

About Polar Power, Inc. 

Gardena, California-based Polar Power, Inc. (NASDAQ: POLA), designs, manufactures and sells direct current, or DC, power systems, lithium battery powered hybrid solar systems for applications in the telecommunications market and, in other markets, including military, electric vehicle charging, cogeneration, distributed power and uninterruptable power supply. Within the telecommunications market, Polar's systems provide reliable and low-cost energy for applications for off-grid and bad-grid applications with critical power needs that cannot be without power in the event of utility grid failure. For more information, please visit www.polarpower.com. 


Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 


With the exception of historical information, the matters discussed in this press release including, without limitation, Polar Power's expectation that its new customers will commence ordering products during the next two quarters; the expectation that Polar Power's gross profit as a percentage of net sales will return to within a range of 40%-45% during the second half of 2017; Polar Power's belief that its new economy DC power system will increase competitiveness overseas, meet new customer demands and assist in diversifying Polar Power's current customer concentration; the expectation of Polar Power that 5G technology will be fully commercialized by 2020 and that its products have a competitive advantage in size and efficiency within this new market; Polar Power's belief that the outlook for the remainder of 2017 is encouraging; and Polar Power's belief that it can continue to execute on its business plan for 2017 and beyond are forward-looking statements and considerations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The actual future results of Polar Power could differ from those statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, adverse economic and market conditions, including demand for DC power systems; raw material and manufacturing costs; changes in governmental regulations and policies; and other events, factors and risks previously and from time to time disclosed in Polar Power's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including, specifically, those factors set forth in the "Risk Factors" section contained in Polar Power's Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2017.



 


 



POLAR POWER INC.




BALANCE SHEETS



 
 

March 31,
2017

(Unaudited)

 

December 31,
2016




ASSETS

 
 
 
 
 
 


Current assets
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Cash and cash equivalents
 
$
16,750,684
 
$
16,242,158


 
Accounts receivable
 
 
3,347,992
 
 
4,403,946


 
Inventories, net
 
 
5,558,695
 
 
4,839,591


 
Prepaid expenses
 
 
277,481
 
 
178,569


 
Total current assets
 
 
25,934,852
 
 
25,664,264


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Other assets: Property and equipment, net
 
 

 734,370
 
 
737,586


Deposits
 
 
66,796
 
 
66,796


Deferred tax assets
 
 
223,293
 
 
160,637


Cash held as security
 
 
1,000,049
 
 
0


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Total assets
 
$
27,959,360
 
$
26,629,283


 
 
 
 
 
 
 



LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

 
 
 
 
 
 


Current liabilities
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Accounts payable
 
$
966,304
 
$
659,355


 
Customer deposits
 
 
168,204
 
 
71,954


 
Income taxes payable
 
 
1,661,244
 
 
1,227,308


 
Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities
 
 
601,929
 
 
669,889


 
Current portion of notes payable
 
 
107,568
 
 
111,368


 
Total current liabilities
 
 
3,505,249
 
 
2,739,874


Notes payable, net of current portion
 
 
209,253
 
 
237,431


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Total liabilities
 
 
3,714,502
 
 
2,977,305


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Commitments and Contingencies
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Shareholders' Equity

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding
 
 
-
 
 
-


 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, 10,143,158 and, 10,143,158 shares issued and outstanding, respectively
 
 
1,014
 
 
1,014


 
Additional paid-in capital
 
 
19,242,715
 
 
19,242,715


 
Retained earnings
 
 
5,001,129
 
 
4,408,249


 
Total shareholders' equity
 
 
24,244,858
 
 
23,651,978


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Total liabilities and shareholders' equity
 
$
27,959,360
 
$
26,629,283


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 







POLAR POWER INC.




STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




(Unaudited)



 
 

Three Months Ended
March 31,

 


 
 

2017

 
 

2016

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net sales

 
$
4,966,981
 
 
$
3,387,743
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Cost of sales

 
 
3,050,251
 
 
 
1,949,639
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Gross profit

 
 
1,916,730
 
 
 
1,438,104
 



Operating Expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
General and administrative
 
 
671,425
 
 
 
363,798
 


 
Research and development
 
 
76,003
 
 
 
74,583
 


 
Sales and Marketing
 
 
195,094
 
 
 
41,931
 


 
Depreciation and amortization
 
 
7,734
 
 
 
5,646
 



Total operating expenses

 
 
950,256
 
 
 
485,958
 



Income from operations

 
 
966,474
 
 
 
952,146
 


Other Income (Expenses)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Interest expenses
 
 
(4,776
)
 
 
(24,004
)


 
Other Income
 
 
2,462
 
 
 
1,229
 



Total other Income (Expense), net

 
 
(2,314

)

 
 
(22,775
)



Income before income taxes

 
 
964,160
 
 
 
929,371
 


Income tax provision
 
 
371,280
 
 
 
353,161
 



Net Income

 

$

592,880
 
 

$

576,210
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Net Income per share - basic and diluted
 
$
0.06
 
 
$
0.08
 


Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted
 
 
10,143,158
 
 
 
7,383,150
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







POLAR POWER INC.

 



STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

 



(Unaudited)

 


 
 

Three Months Ended
March 31,

 


 
 

2017

 
 

2016

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Cash flows from operating activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Net Income
 
$
592,880
 
 
$
576,210
 


 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Common shares issued for services
 
 
-
 
 
 
37,500
 


 
Depreciation and amortization
 
 
59,174
 
 
 
40,914
 


 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Accounts receivable
 
 
1,055,954
 
 
 
(839,445
)


 
 
Inventories
 
 
(719,104
)
 
 
(295,250
)


 
 
Prepaid expenses
 
 
(98,912
)
 
 
(27,037
)


 
 
Deposits
 
 
-
 
 
 
(7,500
)


 
 
Deferred tax asset
 
 
(62,656
)
 
 
-
 


 
 
Accounts payable
 
 
306,949
 
 
 
477,127
 


 
 
Income taxes payable
 
 
433,936
 
 
 
353,161
 


 
 
Customer deposits
 
 
96,250
 
 
 
(108,535
)


 
 
 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
 
(67,960
)
 
 
(55,880
)


 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
 
 
1,596,511
 
 
 
151,265
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Acquisition of property and equipment
 
 
(55,957
)
 
 
(93,805
)


Payable for acquired technology
 
 
-
 
 
 
(45,000
)


Net cash used in investing activities
 
 
(55,957
)
 
 
(138,805
)


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Advances (repayment) of credit line net
 
 
0
 
 
 
39,711
 


Repayment of notes
 
 
(31,979
)
 
 
(82,719
)


Cash held as security
 
 
(1,000,049
)
 
 
-
 


Net cash used in financing activities
 
 
(1,032,028
)
 
 
(43,008
)


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 
 
508,526
 
 
 
(30,548
)


Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
 
 
16,242,158
 
 
 
263,418
 



Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

 
$
16,750,684
 
 
$
232,870
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Supplemental Cash Flow Information:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Interest paid
 
$
4,776
 
 
$
24,004
 


Taxes Paid
 
 
 
 
 
 
- -
 



Supplemental non-cash investing and 
financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Assets acquired under notes payable
 
$
-
 
 
$
223,186
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




          Media and Investor Relations:
          
Chris Tyson
Managing Director MZ North AmericaDirect: 949-491-8235ir@polarpowerinc.comwww.mzgroup.usCompany Contact:Polar Power, Inc.249 E. Gardena Blvd.Gardena, CA 90248Tel: 310-830-9153ir@polarpowerinc.comwww.polarpower.com
Source: Polar Power, Inc.













Investor Relations Firm and Contact




                       MZ Group
                       Chris Tyson
                       Phone: 949-491-8235
ir@polarpowerinc.com



Public Relations Contact:
pr@polarpowerinc.com







Email Alerts







Email Address
*










Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Event

End of Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*

















© Polar Power Inc.








Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)




























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































