








John C. Pollok - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John C. Pollok
Dir., Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at South State Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you John C. Pollok? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John C. Pollok's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John C. Pollok's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John C. Pollok's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John C. Pollok through your network of contacts.
												








John C. Pollok's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, 
South State Corporation


Past
To view John C. Pollok's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
51

 
 


John C. Pollok's Biography




			Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since March 21, 2012.  Mr. Pollok previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the Bank from January 4, 2010 until March 21, 2012. Prior to that time, Mr. Pollok served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the Bank from February 15, 2007 until January 3, 2010. Mr. Pollok brings to the board an overall institutional knowledge of the Company's business, banking industry expertise, and leadership experience.
		
Source: South State Corporation on 03/06/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John C. Pollok's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John C. Pollok. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John C. Pollok's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John C. Pollok's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John C. Pollok through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John C. Pollok


















John C. Pollok's Connections (49)





Sign up now to view John C. Pollok's 49 connections »









Paula H. Bethea
Vice Chairman, South State Corporation









Susie H. VanHuss
Former Board Member, South State Corporation









Kevin P. Walker
Board Member, South State Corporation









C. John Hipp
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, South State Corporation









Joseph E. Burns
Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, South State Corporation









Martin B. Davis
Board Member, South State Corporation









Cynthia A. Hartley
Board Member, South State Corporation









John F. Windley
President/CEO, South State Corporation









R. Wayne Hall
Former President and Chief Executive Officer of First Financial and First Federal, First Financial Holdings









Jimmy E. Addison
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; President and Chief Operating Officer, SCANA Energy Marketing, Inc., SCANA Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 
































John C Pollock, W PINE ST, COWETAOK, 74429, United States | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











John C Pollock
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  United States






        See John C Pollock's products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Cleaned and organized Mexico shipments
1 Mexico shipment available for John C Pollock




Date
Data Source
Customer
Details


2011-10-20
See all 1 mexico shipment for John C Pollock with Panjiva's Mexico data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of John C Pollock
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Dany Salazar Castillo 






1 customer available
        







Contact information for John C Pollock


 

Address
W PINE ST, COWETAOK, 74429, United States

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Bill of Lading Number
1006188


Shipment Date
2011-10-20


Consignee
#<JointCompany:0x00000012c61d28>


Consignee (Original Format)
DANY SALAZAR CASTILLO
CALLE EMMA SOBERON DE LEON
Matamoros
Tamaulipas
87343


Consignee Tax Number
SACD820317SG6


Shipper
#<JointCompany:0x00000018903400>


Shipper (Original Format)
JOHN C POLLOCK
W PINE ST

COWETAOK
74429


Shipment Origin
United States


Port of Unlading
Matamoros (MX)


Port of Unlading (Original Format)
MATAMOROS, MATAMOROS, TAMAULIPAS.


Country of Sale
United States


Transport Method
Truck


Customs Regime
Final Import Of Used Vehicles.


Customs Agent
3441


Gross Weight (kg)
2423.0


Gross Weight (t)
2.423


Value of Goods, CIF (USD)
$2,911


Value of Goods, CIF (MXN)
39137.0


Exchange Rate (MXN-USD)
$13


Item Origin
Canada


HS Code
87032402


Goods Shipped
VEH. FORD WINDSTAR, MOD. 2002, 6 CIL, MINIVAN.


Shipment Quantity
1.0


Shipment Unit
Pieza


Value of Goods, Item CIF (USD)
$2,911


Value of Goods, Item CIF (MXN)
39137


Shipment Value (MXN)
39137


Tax Quantity
1.0


Tax Unit
Pieza


Customs Processing Tax 1 Value (MXN)
313


Nafta Tax Rate
10.0


Standard Tax Payment 1 Value (MXN)
3914


Value Added Tax 1 Value (MXN)
6938


Value Added Tax Rate
16.0


WTO Valuation Method Code
6










Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 







JOHN C POLLOCK - ESCONDIDO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



ESCONDIDO



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JOHN C POLLOCK
                                    



 





















J 


JOHN C POLLOCK
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2400 W VALLEY PKWY # 138 ESCONDIDO, CA 92029
Get Directions



(760) 745-1037





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


John C Pollock was founded in 2010, and is located at 2400 W Valley Pkwy # 138 in Escondido. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















John C Pollok - Chapin, SC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John C Pollok in Chapin, SC


John C Pollok

                                                                           Intelius found that John C Pollok  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Chapin, SC.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

John C Pollok is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Chapin, SC
Orangeburg, SC
Saint Helena Island, SC

John's Relatives

Maura Pollok
Quinn Pollok







John C Pollok



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Operating Officer at SCBT Financial Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John C Pollok
Get a Criminal Check on John C Pollok
Get a Public Record Report on John C Pollok
Get a People Search Report on John C Pollok


John C Pollok's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John C Pollok has lived as well as John C Pollok's phone numbers and email addresses.




John C Pollok Has Lived in 1 States
South Carolina Address for John C Pollok


122 C****** L***** R* 

Chapin, SC


Has Lived In

Chapin, SC
Orangeburg, SC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John C Pollok

(843) ***-**** - Saint Helena Island, SC 
(800) ***-**** - Columbia, SC 
(803) ***-**** - Columbia, SC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John C Pollok

j*********k@***.com
j********k@***.org
j*****k@***.com


Get Email Report




John C Pollok's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about John C Pollok's academic history.  Find out which schools John C Pollok attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees John C Pollok received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John C Pollok Has Attended 1 School
University of South Carolina John C Pollok has a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration               


John C Pollok's Professional Information
Information regarding John C Pollok's professional history.  Find out previous places John C Pollok has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John C Pollok Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: SCBT Financial Corporation
               Title: Chief Operating Officer
Company: South State Corporation
               Title: General / Technical
John C Pollok's Experience
Title: Chief Operating Officer
               Company: SCBT Financial Corporation
Job Details
               We believe in North Carolina. We also believe in the importance of a community banking alternative where families, seniors and small businesses can get the individualized attention they deserve. NCBT was founded in 1998 to offer just that, so stop by one of our offices or give a call and you'll see why you can believe in us. Our vision is to become North Carolina's premier community bank. We have created a reputation and company culture based on building long-term relationships with our customers and adding value to those relationships by becoming trusted financial advisors. We believe that you will value a community bank whose personnel are trained to help you find the financial products that will best meet your needs. Our goal is to provide service so impressive that you'll leave NCBT wanting to tell a friend about your experience. We invite you to visit any of our local branches and meet the people who will treat you with the courtesy and respect you deserve. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to serve your banking needs!
Title: General / Technical
               Company: South State Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on John C Pollok

 See John C Pollok's LinkedIn Profile



John C Pollok's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John C Pollok


John C Pollok's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John C Pollok's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Pollok
Username Matches

                  JohnPollok
                  PollokJohn
                  John.Pollok
                  Pollok.John
                  John_Pollok
                  Pollok_John
                  John-Pollok
                  Pollok-John
                  JPollok
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Pollok







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



SCBT Financial Announces John C. Pollok Named COO for SCBT Financial Corp. & South Carolina Bank and Trust, N.A. | Business Wire


























































SCBT Financial Announces John C. Pollok Named COO for SCBT Financial Corp. & South Carolina Bank and Trust, N.A.












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










John C. Pollok named COO for SCBT Financial Corporation and South Carolina
Bank and Trust, N.A. (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







John C. Pollok named COO for SCBT Financial Corporation and South Carolina
Bank and Trust, N.A. (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail














December 01, 2004 07:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



				COLUMBIA, S.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 1, 2004--President and CEO Robert R. Hill, Jr. announced today that John C. Pollok has been named chief operating officer for SCBT Financial Corporation and South Carolina Bank and Trust, N.A. As COO, he will run the daily operations at SCBT.  "John and I have worked together for 16 years. During his years as chief administrative officer at SCBT, he has expanded our product offering, streamlined our operations, and has helped us do more for our customers," said Hill. "Earlier this year, he founded our mortgage wholesale company, The Mortgage Banc, a wholly owned subsidiary of South Carolina Bank and Trust, N.A." 

 Pollok, aged 39, joined SCBT in 1996 as a member of the initial management team which started South Carolina Bank and Trust of the Piedmont, N.A. He is currently president of The Mortgage Banc.  "This is a great opportunity for us to continue building this organization into a statewide community bank. We have been serving the needs of South Carolinians for over 70 years and this philosophy of banking works," said Pollok. "We've assembled a team of great bankers from many different institutions and this diversity gives us strength in many areas. I'm excited about the future growth of our organization,"  A native of Richmond, Virginia, Pollok earned a degree in Business Administration from the University of South Carolina.  Pollok is the son of William and Clementine Pollok of Richmond, and currently resides in Chapin with his wife Maura and their two children. They are members of Our Lady of the Lake Catholic Church.  SCBT Financial Corporation is a multi-bank holding company whose principal subsidiaries are South Carolina Bank and Trust, N.A. and South Carolina Bank and Trust of the Piedmont, N.A. The Mortgage Banc, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of South Carolina Bank and Trust, N.A. Serving the needs of South Carolinians for over 70 years, South Carolina Bank and Trust is the 4th largest bank headquartered in South Carolina. SCBT Financial Corporation operates 34 financial centers in 12 South Carolina counties and has total assets exceeding $1.3 billion. SCBT Financial Corporation offers a full range of retail and commercial banking services including mortgage lending, trust and investment services, and consumer finance loans, and is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol "SCBT." More information can be located at www.SCBandT.com.  Statements contained in this press release, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. In addition, SCBT through its senior management or directors may from time to time make forward-looking public statements concerning matters described herein. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of SCBT's senior management or directors based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Certain factors which could affect the accuracy of such forward looking statements are identified in the public filings made by SCBT with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and forward-looking statements contained in this press release or in other public statements of SCBT or its senior management or directors should be considered in light of those factors. There can be no assurance that such factors or other factors will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking statements.


Contacts
					SCBT Financial CorporationDonna Pullen, 803-765-4558
				
			















Contacts
			SCBT Financial CorporationDonna Pullen, 803-765-4558
		





 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
















John C. Pollock, Ph.D., M.(I)P.A. – Department of Communication Studies



































































TCNJ Today ||  Parents ||  Alumni



TCNJ Home

About

Academics

Admissions

Athletics

Campus Life

Library

A-Z | Directory | Map | Offices
            
 



 







Apply     Visit     Give     |     Alumni     Parents     Offices     TCNJ Today     






Communication Studies School of the Arts and Communication













Menu













John C. Pollock, Ph.D., M.(I)P.A.Professor
Office: Kendall 210
Tel. 609-771-2338
Fax. 609-637- 5187
Email: pollock@tcnj.edu
Web Site: http://www.tcnj.edu/~pollock
Spring 2017 Office Hours: Mon/Thu 3:30 – 4:30
Degrees and Colleges/Universities:

Ph.D., Stanford University
Ph.D. candidate, Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies
MPA, Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse U.
BA, Swarthmore College

Fields of Interest:
Health Communication, International Communication, Mass Communication, Content Analysis, Survey Research, Research Methods
Courses Offered:

COM 390: Communication Research Methods
COM 403: Health Communication Campaigns: A Social Marketing Approach
COM 415: International Communication
COM 460: Global Health, Communication and Social Change
COM 487: Student-Faculty Advanced Research



John C. Pollock, Ph.D., M.P.A.
pollock@tcnj.edu
http://www.tcnj.edu/~pollock/
John C. Pollock, a Professor in the Communication Studies Department and Affiliate in Public Health, The College of New Jersey (TCNJ), received his B.A. from Swarthmore (political science), M. (I) P.A. from the Maxwell School at Syracuse (international public administration) and Ph.D. from Stanford (comparative politics/Latin America). He also studied at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies as a Ph.D. candidate. His current teaching and research interests include Health Communication, Human Rights, Journalism, International Communication, Mass Communication, and Research Methods.
Dr. Pollock has taught at Rutgers University and the City University of New York (Queens College) and has conducted research in India and Latin America (Colombia), serving as director of the Latin American Institute at Rutgers. Dr. Pollock serves on five editorial boards –Journal of Health Communication, Communication Theory, The Atlantic Journal of Communication, Journal of Media Sociology, and Mass Communication and Society (book review editor). He has authored, co-authored, or edited five books, among them: Tilted Mirrors: Media Alignment with Political and Social Change – A Community Structure Approach (Hampton Press, 2007); and Media and Social Inequality: Innovations in Community Structure Research (Routledge, 2013). Both books were selected as finalists for the Jane Jacobs Award for best book in urban communication by the Urban Communication Foundation. The most recent were Journalism and Human Rights: How Demographics Drive Media Coverage (Routledge, 2015) and (co-edited with Morton Winston) Making Human Rights News: Balancing Participation and Professionalism (Routledge, 2017). Dr. Pollock has published scholarly and professional articles in Journalism Quarterly, Journal of Health Communication, Mass Communication and Society,Communication Research Reports, Society, Newspaper Research Journal, Journal of International Communication, Mass Communication Review, International Encyclopedia of Communication III, and Communication Yearbook IV, as well as The New York Times, The Nation, Industry Week and the Public Relations Journal.
Former president of the public opinion research subsidiary of a leading public relations firm, Dr. Pollock is the recipient of a Silver Anvil, the “Oscar” of the Public Relations Society of America. He has appeared on the TODAY show and Nightline and has testified before congress on his survey results. Former president of the New Jersey Communication Association, Dr. Pollock has received research grants from the Social Science Research Council, National Cancer Institute and the United Nations Foundation. He was a spring, 2010, Senior Fulbright Scholar in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Past chair of The College of New Jersey Marketing Advisory Council and the Arts & Sciences Curriculum Committee, Dr. Pollock received the first award for “Mentoring Student Research” from The College of New Jersey in February, 2002. He also received the 2003 national “Advisor of the Year” award from the National Communication Association (NCA) for his work with the TCNJ Chapter of Lambda Pi Eta, the national communication student honor society. He was given the 2012 “Distinguished Educator” Award by the Mass Communication and Society Division of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication. He authored the proposal winning the 2013 NCA “Rex Mix Program of Excellence” award recognizing TCNJ for having the best undergraduate Department of Communication Studies in the nation. He co-chaired The College of New Jersey Public Health Task Force, a collaborative effort involving every School at TCNJ, organized to launch baccalaureate, certificate, and MPH programs in public health.
Dr. Pollock’s thoughts on teaching at TCNJ:
“I experienced a sense of renewal and excitement when I returned to teaching at TCNJ. I adore every minute in the classroom, and I feel fortunate to be able to practice my craft. One of the things I love about the department and TCNJ is our emphasis on student-faculty engagement.”
 
Click on one of Dr. Pollock’s books below to view it on Amazon:


     
 
















7ads6x98y Top

















John C. Pollock, Ph.D., M.(I)P.A. – Department of Communication Studies



































































TCNJ Today ||  Parents ||  Alumni



TCNJ Home

About

Academics

Admissions

Athletics

Campus Life

Library

A-Z | Directory | Map | Offices
            
 



 







Apply     Visit     Give     |     Alumni     Parents     Offices     TCNJ Today     






Communication Studies School of the Arts and Communication













Menu













John C. Pollock, Ph.D., M.(I)P.A.Professor
Office: Kendall 210
Tel. 609-771-2338
Fax. 609-637- 5187
Email: pollock@tcnj.edu
Web Site: http://www.tcnj.edu/~pollock
Spring 2017 Office Hours: Mon/Thu 3:30 – 4:30
Degrees and Colleges/Universities:

Ph.D., Stanford University
Ph.D. candidate, Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies
MPA, Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse U.
BA, Swarthmore College

Fields of Interest:
Health Communication, International Communication, Mass Communication, Content Analysis, Survey Research, Research Methods
Courses Offered:

COM 390: Communication Research Methods
COM 403: Health Communication Campaigns: A Social Marketing Approach
COM 415: International Communication
COM 460: Global Health, Communication and Social Change
COM 487: Student-Faculty Advanced Research



John C. Pollock, Ph.D., M.P.A.
pollock@tcnj.edu
http://www.tcnj.edu/~pollock/
John C. Pollock, a Professor in the Communication Studies Department and Affiliate in Public Health, The College of New Jersey (TCNJ), received his B.A. from Swarthmore (political science), M. (I) P.A. from the Maxwell School at Syracuse (international public administration) and Ph.D. from Stanford (comparative politics/Latin America). He also studied at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies as a Ph.D. candidate. His current teaching and research interests include Health Communication, Human Rights, Journalism, International Communication, Mass Communication, and Research Methods.
Dr. Pollock has taught at Rutgers University and the City University of New York (Queens College) and has conducted research in India and Latin America (Colombia), serving as director of the Latin American Institute at Rutgers. Dr. Pollock serves on five editorial boards –Journal of Health Communication, Communication Theory, The Atlantic Journal of Communication, Journal of Media Sociology, and Mass Communication and Society (book review editor). He has authored, co-authored, or edited five books, among them: Tilted Mirrors: Media Alignment with Political and Social Change – A Community Structure Approach (Hampton Press, 2007); and Media and Social Inequality: Innovations in Community Structure Research (Routledge, 2013). Both books were selected as finalists for the Jane Jacobs Award for best book in urban communication by the Urban Communication Foundation. The most recent were Journalism and Human Rights: How Demographics Drive Media Coverage (Routledge, 2015) and (co-edited with Morton Winston) Making Human Rights News: Balancing Participation and Professionalism (Routledge, 2017). Dr. Pollock has published scholarly and professional articles in Journalism Quarterly, Journal of Health Communication, Mass Communication and Society,Communication Research Reports, Society, Newspaper Research Journal, Journal of International Communication, Mass Communication Review, International Encyclopedia of Communication III, and Communication Yearbook IV, as well as The New York Times, The Nation, Industry Week and the Public Relations Journal.
Former president of the public opinion research subsidiary of a leading public relations firm, Dr. Pollock is the recipient of a Silver Anvil, the “Oscar” of the Public Relations Society of America. He has appeared on the TODAY show and Nightline and has testified before congress on his survey results. Former president of the New Jersey Communication Association, Dr. Pollock has received research grants from the Social Science Research Council, National Cancer Institute and the United Nations Foundation. He was a spring, 2010, Senior Fulbright Scholar in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Past chair of The College of New Jersey Marketing Advisory Council and the Arts & Sciences Curriculum Committee, Dr. Pollock received the first award for “Mentoring Student Research” from The College of New Jersey in February, 2002. He also received the 2003 national “Advisor of the Year” award from the National Communication Association (NCA) for his work with the TCNJ Chapter of Lambda Pi Eta, the national communication student honor society. He was given the 2012 “Distinguished Educator” Award by the Mass Communication and Society Division of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication. He authored the proposal winning the 2013 NCA “Rex Mix Program of Excellence” award recognizing TCNJ for having the best undergraduate Department of Communication Studies in the nation. He co-chaired The College of New Jersey Public Health Task Force, a collaborative effort involving every School at TCNJ, organized to launch baccalaureate, certificate, and MPH programs in public health.
Dr. Pollock’s thoughts on teaching at TCNJ:
“I experienced a sense of renewal and excitement when I returned to teaching at TCNJ. I adore every minute in the classroom, and I feel fortunate to be able to practice my craft. One of the things I love about the department and TCNJ is our emphasis on student-faculty engagement.”
 
Click on one of Dr. Pollock’s books below to view it on Amazon:


     
 
















7ads6x98y Top















Electrical Connectors, Electrical Switches & Electrical Sensors: Pollak











Call: 781.830.0340Fax: 800.888.1126 Email: stephen.tacchi@stoneridge.com
Request InformationContact UsAbout PollakHome
...for the Heavy Truck, Off-Road, RV and Towing IndustriesOUR PRODUCTS




Catalog DownloadFeatured ProductsElectronic-Logging-DeviceBack Up AlarmsPrecision Ball SwitchesCircuit BreakersConnectorsDoor Lock ActuatorsFuel Selector ValvesStarter SwitchesSolenoid SwitchesBattery Master Disconnect SwitchesMerchandising DisplaysMiscellaneous SwitchesMomentary SwitchesPush-Pull SwitchesRocker/Toggle SwitchesSpecialized Electrical Products






Search Catalog: 



By Part Number
By Keyword













Pollak™ is a Leading Supplier of  Electrical Connectors, Switches, and Sensors




               Electronic-Logging-Device
 

               Back Up Alarms
 

               Precision Ball Switches
 

               Circuit Breakers
 

               Connectors



               Door Lock Actuators
 

               Fuel Selector Valves
 

               Starter Switches
 

               Battery Master Disconnect
               Switches
 

               Merchandising Displays



               Miscellaneous
               Switches
 

               Momentary Switches
 

               Push-Pull Switches
 

               Rocker/Toggle
               Switches
 

               Specialized Electrical
               Products



Since 1909 Pollak™ has developed, manufactured, and supplied a wide variety of electro-mechanical products including  Connectors, Adapters, Toggle Switches, Rocker Switches, Door Switches, Door Lock Actuators, Pedal Switches, Ignition Switches, Fuel Selector Valves, Back-Up Alarms, Circuit Breakers, and related items for the Heavy Truck, Off-Road, RV, and Towing Industries








Pollak™     300 Dan Road, Canton, MA 02021   Phone: 781.830.0340     Fax: 800.888.1126     Email: stephen.tacchi@stoneridge.comwww.pollakaftermarket.com
Site Created by ThomasNet Web Solutions and Powered by Navigator Platform       Privacy Policy       Site Map












Brian A. Pollok - Chief Executive Officer & Director at Neoantigenics, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Brian A. Pollok
Chief Executive Officer & Director at Neoantigenics, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments Transactions 


Brian A. Pollok
Chief Executive Officer & Director at Neoantigenics, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


American Type Culture Collection

Neoantigenics, Inc.

Neoantigenics LLC




Board Seats



6





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 557 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 21, 2017





                        Propagenix Inc. Lands Three Research Grants to Advance Cell Therapy Technology for Type I Diabetes and Lung Disease                    





RelSci
December 21, 2016





                        Brian A. Pollok is now serving in a new board position at Virginia Biotechnology Association                    





Business Wire
December 19, 2016





                        Virginia Bio Welcomes New Members to its Board of Directors                    







 Relationships
              See Details




John C. Herr

Scientific Founder at Neoantigenics, Inc.




Edward J. Leary

President & Chief Financial Officer at ContraVac, Inc.





Raymond H. Cypess

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at American Type Culture Collection




Kenneth Hobby

President at Cure SMA





Erik L. Hewlett

Chairman at University of Virginia Licensing & Ventures Group




Susan Wray

Director at University of Virginia Licensing & Ventures Group





Michael H. Van Vranken

Treasurer at University of Virginia Licensing & Ventures Group




Arthur Garson, Jr.

Adjunct Professor of Pediatrics at Cornell University - Weill Cornell Medical College





Charles F. Stamm

Director at University of Virginia Licensing & Ventures Group




Christopher Hunter Holden

Co-Founder at Court Square Ventures LLC







See 547 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 547 More 


 


 Paths to Brian A. Pollok



            Brian A. Pollok          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Brian A. Pollok






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Brian A. Pollok.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 


University of Virginia

                  The University of Virginia (often abbreviated as UVA, UVa, or Virginia) is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. It was conceived and designed by U.S. President Thomas Jefferson, and established in 1819. UVA's initial Board of Visitors included former Presidents of the United States Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and James Monroe. Monroe owned the initial site of the University, which was mostly farmland. His law office and farmhouse are now the site of Brown College at Monroe Hill, a residential college at UVA.

UVA is one of the eight original Public Ivy universities, and it is the only university campus in the United States that is designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. In the 2013 edition of U.S. News and World Report's National University Rankings, the school was listed as America's 2nd best public university; tied with UCLA and surpassed only by UC Berkeley.                




Doctorate Degree 


The University of Alabama

                  The University of Alabama is a student-centered research university and an academic community united in its commitment to enhancing the quality of life for all Alabamians.

Founded in 1831 as Alabama's first public college, The University of Alabama is dedicated to excellence in teaching, research and service. We provide a creative, nurturing campus environment where our students can become the best individuals possible, can learn from the best and brightest faculty, and can make a positive difference in the community, the state and the world.

The University of Alabama family has always expected great things. After all, we are our state’s flagship university — the Capstone of higher education.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer & Director

                                    2012 - Current                


Neoantigenics, Inc.


                  Neoantigenics, Inc. developes therapeutic plus diagnostic products. The firm focuses on developing oncology theranostics products, founded on the novel science around oocyte (egg)-associated cancer proteins. The company was founded Brian A. Pollok, John C. Herr and Edward J. Leary in July 2012 and is headquartered in Charlottesville, VA.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Neoantigenics LLC






Principal

                                    Current                


Rapidan BioAdvisors






Chief Scientific Officer & Head of Global Research

                                    Prior - 2011                


Life Technologies Corp.


                  Life Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: LIFE) is a global biotechnology company dedicated to improving the human condition. Our systems, consumables and services enable researchers to accelerate scientific and medical advancements that make life even better. Life Technologies customers do their work across the biological spectrum, working to advance the fields of discovery and translational research, molecular medicine, stem cell-based therapies, food safety and animal health, and 21st century forensics. The company manufactures both molecular diagnostic and research use only products. Life Technologies' industry-leading brands are found in nearly every life sciences lab in the world and include innovative instrument systems under the Applied Biosystems and Ion Torrent names, as well as, the broadest range of reagents with its Invitrogen, GIBCO, Ambion, Molecular Probes products. Life Technologies had sales of $3.7 billion in 2011, employs approximately 10,400 people, has a presence in approximately 160 countries, and possesses one of the largest intellectual property estates in the life sciences industry, with approximately 4,000 patents and exclusive licenses. For more information on how we are making a difference, please visit our website: www.lifetechnologies.com                




Chief Scientific Officer

                                    2003 - Prior                


Invitrogen Corp.


                  Invitrogen develops, manufactures and markets research tools in kit form and provides other research products and services to corporate, academic and government entities. These research kits simplify and improve gene cloning, gene expression and gene analysis techniques.                




Vice President-Discovery Biology

                                    1997 - 2002                


Aurora Biosciences Corp.


                  Aurora Biosciences Corp. designs and develops proprietary drug discovery systems, services and technologies to the discovery of new medicine. It develops a proprietary ultra-high throughput screening platform that uniquely integrates innovative fluorescence chemistry, molecular biology, miniaturization, automation, and informatics. The company also provides assay development and screening services. Aurora was founded in 1995 and is located in San Diego, CA.                




Senior Research Investigator

                                    1993 - 1997                


Pfizer Central Research






Co-Founder

                                    Prior                


Ansata Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Ansata Therapeutics, Inc. develops biopharmaceutical products. It develops and commercializes topical drugs for dermatologic indications. The company was founded by Brian A. Pollok in 2002 and is headquartered in La Jolla, CA.                




President

                                    Prior                


American Type Culture Collection


                  American Type Culture Collection operates as a global biological materials resource and standards organization offering a collection of products and services. Its services include production and characterization, testing, biorepository, and deposit. The company was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Manassas, VA.                




Assistant Professor of Microbiology & Immunology

                                    Prior                


Wake Forest University - Wake Forest School of Medicine







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2012 - Current                  


Neoantigenics, Inc.

                    Neoantigenics, Inc. developes therapeutic plus diagnostic products. The firm focuses on developing oncology theranostics products, founded on the novel science around oocyte (egg)-associated cancer proteins. The company was founded Brian A. Pollok, John C. Herr and Edward J. Leary in July 2012 and is headquartered in Charlottesville, VA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Neoantigenics LLC






Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


Virginia Biotechnology Association

                    Virginia Biotechnology Association is an American private company located in Richmond, VA. The firm promotes biotechnology industry. It was founded by Terry R. Woodworth. Jeffrey M. Gallagher is the current CEO, occupying that position since 2012.                  




Member, Translational Advisory Council

                    Current                  


Cure SMA

                    CURE SMA LEADS THE WAY TO A WORLD WITHOUT SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY, THE NUMBER ONE GENETIC CAUSE OF DEATH FOR INFANTS. CURE SMA FUNDS AND DIRECTS COMPREHENSIVE RESEARCH THAT DRIVES BREAKTHROUGHS IN TREATMENT AND CARE, AND PROVIDES FAMILIES THE SUPPORT THEY NEED FOR TODAY.                  




President & Board Member

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


American Type Culture Collection

                    American Type Culture Collection operates as a global biological materials resource and standards organization offering a collection of products and services. Its services include production and characterization, testing, biorepository, and deposit. The company was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Manassas, VA.                  




Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


University of Virginia Licensing & Ventures Group

                    THE PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY OF THE FOUNDATION IS TO SUPPORT THE UNIVERSITY'S MISSION TO "ADVANCE KNOWLEDGE AND SERVE THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, THE NATION, AND THE WORLD THROUGH... INNOVATION" VIA COMMERCIALIZATION OF UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. THIS ACTIVITY INCLUDES SUPPORTING THE UNIVERSITY'S INDUSTRY AND TRANSLATIONAL RESEARCH INITIATIVES; PERFORMING DUE-DILIGENCE ON SOLICITED AND DISCLOSED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; PREPARING AND FILING PATENT APPLICATIONS, COPYRIGHTS, AND TRADEMARKS; ENGAGING IN BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT; NEGOTIATING AND EXECUTING LICENSE AGREEMENTS; SUPPORTING NEW VENTURE CREATION; MONITORING COMPLIANCE; AND DISTRIBUTING INCOME.                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Neoantigenics, Inc.

                  Neoantigenics, Inc. developes therapeutic plus diagnostic products. The firm focuses on developing oncology theranostics products, founded on the novel science around oocyte (egg)-associated cancer proteins. The company was founded Brian A. Pollok, John C. Herr and Edward J. Leary in July 2012 and is headquartered in Charlottesville, VA.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Neoantigenics LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Brian A. Pollok is affiliated with
                            Neoantigenics, Inc., Neoantigenics LLC, Rapidan BioAdvisors, Life Technologies Corp., Invitrogen Corp., Aurora Biosciences Corp., Pfizer Central Research, Ansata Therapeutics, Inc., American Type Culture Collection, Wake Forest University - Wake Forest School of Medicine, Neoantigenics, Inc., Neoantigenics LLC, Virginia Biotechnology Association, Cure SMA, American Type Culture Collection, University of Virginia Licensing & Ventures Group.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Pollock John Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Pollock John Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Pollock's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Pollock John's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Pollock John's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Pollock John 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Pollock’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailPollock’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Pollock’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Pollock is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Pollock’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Pollock is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Pollock's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Pollock's background in the comforts of home.
Pollock will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Pollock's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Pollock John, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Pollock's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































