


Polonia Bancorp Inc (PBCP) Business Description - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 





Business Description
Officers & Directors
 



 


Polonia Bancorp Inc  (PBCP)                



Other Ticker:  



 

  


 







  
 Sector • 
      Financial    Industry

• S&Ls Savings Banks


Tweet
 










 
 Polonia Bancorp Inc	
Business Description








Polonia Bancorp, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that was incorporated in August 
  2011 to be the successor corporation to old Polonia Bancorp (“Old Polonia 
  Bancorp”), the former stock holding company for Polonia Bank (the “Bank”), 
  upon completion of the mutual-to-stock conversion of Polonia MHC, the former 
  mutual holding company for Polonia Bank.

  The mutual-to-stock conversion was completed on November 9, 2012. In connection 
  with the conversion, the Company sold a total of 2,025,078 shares of common 
  stock at $8.00 per share in a related public offering. Concurrent with the completion 
  of the offering, each share of Old Polonia Bancorp’s common stock owned 
  by public stockholders was exchanged for 1.1136 shares of Company common stock. 
  Additionally, as part of the mutual-to-stock conversion, the Bank’s Employee 
  Stock Ownership Plan (the “ESOP”) acquired 136,693 shares, or 6.75% 
  of the Company’s issued shares, at $8.00 per share. Net proceeds from 
  the conversion and offering, after the loan made to the ESOP, were approximately 
  $14.0 million.


  The Company does not engage in any business activities apart from the ownership 
  of the Bank’s capital stock. Accordingly, the information set forth in 
  this annual report, including the consolidated financial statements and related 
  financial data, relates primarily to the Bank. As a savings and loan holding 
  company, the Company is subject to the regulation of the Board of Governors 
  of the Federal Reserve System (the “FRB”).

  The Bank is headquartered in Huntingdon Valley and operates as a community-oriented 
  financial institution dedicated to serving the financial services needs of consumers 
  and businesses within our market areas. The Bank is engaged primarily in the 
  business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such funds 
  to originate loans. Polonia Bank also maintains an investment portfolio. Polonia 
  Bank’s primary federal regulator is the Office of the Comptroller of the 
  Currency (“OCC”).

  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), through 
  the Deposit Insurance Fund, insures the Bank’s deposit accounts up to 
  the applicable legal limits. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank 
  (“FHLB”) System.
Our loan portfolio consists primarily of one- to four-family residential real 
  estate loans. To a much lesser extent, our loan portfolio includes multi-family 
  and nonresidential real estate loans, home equity loans, commercial loans and 
  consumer loans. Currently, we offer only fixed-rate mortgage products.
We have legal authority to invest in various types of liquid assets, including 
  U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies and municipal 
  governments, corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities, deposits at the 
  FHLB of Pittsburgh and time deposits of federally insured institutions. Within 
  certain regulatory limits, we also may invest a portion of our assets in mutual 
  funds. We also are required to maintain an investment in FHLB of Pittsburgh 
  stock. While we have the authority under applicable law to invest in derivative 
  securities, our investment policy does not permit this investment. 
Our investment objectives are to provide and maintain liquidity, to establish 
  an acceptable level of interest rate and credit risk, to provide an alternate 
  source of low-risk investments when demand for loans is weak and to generate 
  a favorable return. Our board of directors has the overall responsibility for 
  the investment portfolio, including approval of our investment policy and appointment 
  of the Asset/Liability and Investment Committee. Individual investment transactions 
  are reviewed and ratified by our board of directors monthly.
Deposits, borrowings and loan repayments are the major sources of our funds 
  for lending and other investment purposes. Loan repayments are a relatively 
  stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments 
  are significantly influenced by general interest rates and money market conditions.
Substantially all of our depositors are residents of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
  Deposits are attracted, by advertising and through our website, from within 
  our market areas through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments, 
  including non-interest-bearing demand accounts (such as checking accounts), 
  interest-bearing accounts (such as NOW and money market accounts), regular savings 
  accounts and time deposits. Generally, we do not utilize brokered funds. Deposit 
  account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods 
  the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate, among other factors. 
  In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered 
  by our competition, our liquidity needs, profitability to us, matching deposit 
  and loan products and customer preferences and concerns. We generally review 
  our deposit mix and pricing weekly. Our current strategy is to offer competitive 
  rates and to be in the middle to high-end of the market for rates on all types 
  of deposit products.
We utilize advances from the FHLB of Pittsburgh to supplement our supply of 
  funds for lending and investment. The FHLB functions as a central reserve bank 
  providing credit for its member financial institutions. As a member, we are 
  required to own capital stock in the FHLB and are authorized to apply for advances 
  on the security of such stock and certain of our whole first mortgage loans 
  and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed 
  by, the United States), provided certain standards related to creditworthiness 
  have been met. Advances are made under several different programs, each having 
  its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program, limitations 
  on the amount of advances are based either on a fixed percentage of an institution’s 
  net worth or on the FHLB’s assessment of the institution’s creditworthiness. 
  



 
 






View Company Supplier
View Company Competition
View Company Customers










 





CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright Š 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com













Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Closing Of Stock Offering And Completion Of Conversion Transaction - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Closing Of Stock Offering And Completion Of Conversion Transaction






Business Wire




Nov 9, 2012 5:09 PM EST













 




























































  Polonia Bancorp, Inc. (the “Company”), the holding company for Polonia Bank, announced today that it has completed its stock offering conducted in connection with the “second step” conversion of Polonia MHC (the “MHC”), effective as of the close of business today. As a result of the closing of the conversion and offering, the Company, a Maryland-chartered corporation, is now the holding company for Polonia Bank (the “Bank”) and both the MHC and the Bank’s former mid-tier holding company, a Federally-chartered corporation known as “Polonia Bancorp,” have ceased to exist. The results of the stock offering were previously reported in the Company’s press release dated November 8, 2012.  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony J. Szuszczewicz said, “We appreciate the confidence that our existing and new shareholders have shown in us. We are committed to operating a strong community bank dedicated to building shareholder value by profitably meeting our customers’ needs and supporting the communities we serve.”  Beginning on Tuesday, November 13, 2012, the shares of Company common stock will trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol PBCP.  Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P. acted as marketing agent for Polonia Bancorp in connection with the offering. Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP acted as legal counsel to Polonia Bancorp in connection with the offering.  Polonia Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Polonia Bank, a federal savings bank headquartered in Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania. Polonia Bank operates seven full-service banking offices in Philadelphia and Montgomery Counties in Pennsylvania.  This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about the conversion and offering. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding anticipated future events and can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” and “intend” or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” or “may.” Forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results include delays in consummation of the conversion and offering, increased competitive pressures, changes in the interest rate environment, general economic conditions or conditions within the securities markets, and legislative and regulatory changes that could adversely affect the business in which Polonia Bancorp, Inc. and Polonia Bank are engaged.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Four Converted Thrifts That Are Ripe for Takeovers in 2015
These banks are set to reach the three-year anniversary of their initial public offerings, making them potential targets amid rampant consolidation in the industry.



Michael Brown

Mar 10, 2015 1:04 PM EDT

















Two Banks Fail; 2010 Total Reaches 151
State regulators closed institutions in Michigan and Pennsylvania.



Philip van Doorn

Dec 10, 2010 8:55 PM EST








































 











Trending


Amazon's Shock Earnings Show That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Goodwill


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


The European Stock Market Is Plunging


Reversal of Fortunes: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/27/17)











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of PBCP Shareholders 
         










    










 













 











 



















Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of PBCP Shareholders
        																																						
              











 News provided by
WeissLaw LLP  
Jun 03, 2016, 18:22 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, June 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Polonia Bancorp, Inc. ("PBCP" or the "Company") in connection with the proposed acquisition of the Company by Prudential Bancorp, Inc. ("Prudential").  On June 2, 2016, the Company announced it had reached a definitive agreement for Prudential to acquire all outstanding shares of PBCP for either 0.7591 shares of Prudential common stock or $11.28 in cash for each common share of PBCP.








WeissLaw is investigating whether PBCP's Board acted to maximize shareholder value prior to entering into the agreement.  The proposed acquisition offers no premium to PBCP shareholders.  Notably, PBCP stock traded above the per share consideration as recently as February 3, 2016, when it traded as high at $11.50 per share.  Further, the per share consideration offered to shareholders falls well below the Company's 52-week high of $15.99.  Prudential stands to realize significant synergies from the transaction, including by its estimation over 50% cost savings on operations.  
Given these facts, WeissLaw is investigating whether PBCP's Board acted in the best interests of PBCP's public shareholders to maximize shareholder value prior to entering into the agreement.  If you own PBCP shares and would like more information about your rights or our investigation, or if you have information to share with us, please contact Joshua Rubin by telephone at (888) 593-4771 or by email at stockinfo@weisslawllp.com.  
WeissLaw LLP has litigated hundreds of stockholder class and derivative actions for violations of corporate and fiduciary duties.  We have recovered over a billion dollars for defrauded clients and obtained important corporate governance relief in many of these cases.  If you have information or would like legal advice concerning possible corporate wrongdoing (including insider trading, waste of corporate assets, accounting fraud, or materially misleading information), consumer fraud (including false advertising, defective products, or other deceptive business practices), or anti-trust violations, please email us at stockinfo@weisslawllp.com or fill out the form on our website, http://www.weisslawllp.com/contact/report_fraud/.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/polonia-bancorp-inc-acquisition-may-not-be-in-the-best-interests-of-pbcp-shareholders-300279657.html
SOURCE  WeissLaw LLP
 Related Links

http://www.weisslurie.com



 












Jun 09, 2016, 12:54 ET
Preview: New York REIT, Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of NYRT Shareholders













Jun 03, 2016, 18:21 ET
Preview: Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of CPXX Shareholders






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 25, 2017, 13:23 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              WeissLaw LLP: WebMD Health Corp. Acquisition Is the Subject of a...








 

Jul 24, 2017, 12:09 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              WeissLaw LLP: Bank Mutual Corporation Acquisition May Not Be in...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  OTC, SmallCap
Legal Issues








 You just read:
Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of PBCP Shareholders


 News provided by
WeissLaw LLP  
Jun 03, 2016, 18:22 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 












Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Company Financial Information


























28/07/2017 11:15:35



1-888-992-3836 (toll free)


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Boards









Follow FeedMost PopularSitemapForex & FuturesWorld Exchanges










QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsHistoricalMessage BoardPolonia Bancorp, Inc. (PC) (OTCBB)(MM)(NASDAQ)Philippine Bank of Comm.-Pref.(PSE)


   
Polonia Bancorp, Inc.
Visual Financials

 Company Name: Polonia Bancorp IncTicker Symbol: PBCPCIK Number: 0001368252WWW Address: http://www.poloniabank.com
CEO: Mr. Joseph T. SvetikNo. of Employees: 78
Common Issue Type: CSBusiness Description:Polonia Bancorp is a holding Company for Polonia Bank, which provides services such as residential real estate, commercial real estate and consumer loans, as well as deposit services to its customers. Industry Information: BANKING - Savings & Loans [more like this]
   Price  Day Change  Bid  Ask  Open  High  Low  Volume  11.1  0.0 11.1 13.4  11.42 11.10 -
 Market Cap (mil) Shares Outstanding (mil) Beta EPS DPS P/E Yield 52-Wks-Range
 37.2 3.3 0.00 -0.04 0.00  0.0 12.10 - 10.68

 KEY FIGURES (Latest Twelve Months - LTM)Yesterday's Close11.10$PE Ratio - LTM
Market Capitalisation37.2mil
Latest Shares Outstanding3.3mil
Earnings pS (EPS)-0.04$
Dividend pS (DPS)0.00¢
Dividend Yield0.0%
Dividend Payout Ratio%
Revenue per Employee192,081$
Effective Tax Rate0.0%
Float2.9mil
Float as % of Shares Outstanding0.9%
Foreign Sales-
Domestic Sales-
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue-
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue-
Gross Profit Margin-
EBITDA Margin%
Pre-Tax Profit Margin%
Assets Turnover0.0%
Return on Assets (ROA)0.0%
Return on Equity (ROE)0.0%
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)0.0%
Current Ratio-
Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)
Interest Cover
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)
LT Debt/Total Capital0.0%
Working Capital pS-
Cash pS-
Book-Value pS11.20$
Tangible Book-Value pS11.20$
Cash Flow pS1.37$
Free Cash Flow pS1.34$

KEY FIGURES (LTM): Price info
Price/Book Ratio0.99
Price/Tangible Book Ratio0.00
Price/Cash Flow8.1
Price/Free Cash Flow8.3
P/E as % of Industry Group0.0%
P/E as % of Sector Segment0.0%

 				  Balance Sheet (at a glance) in Millions
     DIVIDEND INFOType of Payment-
Dividend Rate0.00
Current Dividend Yield0.0
5-Y Average Dividend Yield0.0
Payout Ratio0.0
5-Y Average Payout Ratio0.0






 Share price performance previous 3 years
   Share price performance intraday
                    PRICE/VOLUMEHighLowClose% Price Chg% Price Chg vs. Mkt.Avg. Daily VolTotal Vol
1 Week---0.06,073
4 Weeks0.000.000.000.0-2
13 Weeks0.000.000.000.0-4
26 Weeks0.000.000.000.0-8
52 Weeks12.1010.6810.683.9-101,923209,682
YTD0.000.00-0.0-10
Moving Average5-Days10-Days10-Weeks30-Weeks200-DaysBeta (60-Mnth)Beta (36-Mnth)
11.4711.680.0011.3111.130.000.00

                GROWTH RATES5-YearGrowhR² of 5-Year Growth3-YearGrowth
Revenue0.0
Income0.0
Dividend0.0
Capital SpendingNA
R&D0.00NA0.00
Normalized Inc.0.00NA0.00

 CHANGESYTD vs. Last YTDCurr Qtr vs. Qtr 1-Yr agoAnnual vs. Last Annual
Revenue %34.134.18.4
Earnings %-100.0-100.0-100.0
EPS %-100.0-100.0-100.0
EPS $-0.04-0.04-0.22

                SOLVENCY RATIOSSHORT-TERM SOLVENCY RATIOS (LIQUIDITY)
Free Cash Flow Margin-0.92
Free Cash Flow Margin 5YEAR AVG-18.53
Cash-Flow pS0.00
Free Cash-Flow pS-2.85
FINANCIAL STRUCTURE RATIOS
Financial Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)7.78
Debt Ratio87.14
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)1.49
LT Debt/Equity1.49
LT Debt/Capital Invested59.89
LT Debt/Total Liabilities22.04

 VALUATION RATIOSMULTIPLES
PQ Ratio1.56
Tobin's Q Ratio0.12
Current P/E Ratio - LTM0.00
Enterprise Value (EV)/EBITDA0.00
Enterprise Value (EV)/Free Cash Flow1.68
Dividend Yield0.0
Price/Tangible Book Ratio - LTM0.00
Price/Book Ratio - LTM0.99
Price/Cash Flow Ratio8.1
Price/Free Cash Flow Ratio - LTM8.3
P/E Ratio (1 month ago) - LTM0.0
P/E Ratio (26 weeks ago) - LTM805.0
P/E Ratio (52 weeks ago) - LTM38.6
5-Y High P/E Ratio
5-Y Low P/E Ratio
5-Y Average P/E Ratio0.0
Current P/E Ratio as % of 5-Y Average P/E
P/E as % of Industry Group0.0
P/E as % of Sector Segment0.0
Current 12 Month Normalized P/E Ratio - LTM0.0
PER SHARE FIGURES
Tangible Book Value pS - LTM11.20
Book Value pS - LTM11.20
Capital Invested pS27.92
Cash Flow pS - LTM1.37
Free Cash Flow pS - LTM1.34
Earnings pS (EPS)-0.04

 OPERATING RATIOSPROFITABILITY
Return on Equity (ROE)-0.37
Return on Equity (ROE) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)-0.15
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Return on Assets (ROA)-0.05
Return on Assets (ROA) - 5YEAR AVRG.
EBIT Margin - LTM
EBITDA Margin - LTM
Pre-Tax Profit Margin159.60
Pre-Tax Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.72.31
Net Profit Margin-1.96
Net Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.-0.73
Effective Tax Rate0.63
Effective Tax Rate - 5YEAR AVRG.14.72
EFFICIENCY RATIOS
Revenue per Employee - LTM205,895
Net Income per Employee - LTM-5,657
Assets/Revenue - LTM0.00
Assets/Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.3,675.94





 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions





Suggestion box


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:40 V:us D:20170728 10:15:35


Welcome   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





help@advfn.com1-888-992-3836 (toll free)

Don't have an account?  Register Now.





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  PBCP Stock Quote - Polonia Bancorp Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Polonia Bancorp Inc   PBCP:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.05    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   3.349    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Financials   % Price Change -0.53%     Industry Banks   % Price Change -0.31%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Polonia Bancorp Inc. is the holding company for Polonia Bank. The Bank attracts deposits from the general public and originatesa variety of loans. Polonia operates in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.    Address  3993 Huntingdon PikeHuntington Valley, PA 19006United States   Phone  1-215-938-8800   Website   www.poloniabank.com/     Executives Board Members    Joseph T Svetik  President/CEO    Paul D Rutkowski  CFO/Secretary/Treasurer     Show More         


Welcome Polonia Customers | Prudential Savings Bank



































































Polonia Bank customers converting to Prudential Bank
Initial Login Procedures for Prudential Bank Online Banking
Beginning on February 20th, the separate login (box/link) for Polonia Bank will no longer be available at http://www.prudentialsavingsbank.com and you will log into Online Banking using the Prudential Bank login from the Account Access box in the upper right hand corner of the page. To begin the login process, follow the instructions below.

Enter your current Polonia Bank Online Banking Access ID as the Prudential Bank Username, exactly as you have in the past in case sensitive format. For example, if your Access ID is JohnDoe12, enter JohnDoe12 as the Username.  Then, click on the Sign In button.
On the next page, enter your current Polonia Bank Password exactly as you have in the past in case sensitive format.
The next screen will prompt you to enter a new password from 8 – 17 characters using any combination of letters, numbers, or special characters (except spaces), including at least one letter, one number and one special character. NOTE: You cannot re-use your current password as your new password. Passwords are case sensitive.
The Set Security Data screen will appear next. Choose your security challenge questions and enter the answers to each and then select whether to register this computer or not at the bottom of the page.
You will also be asked to review and accept the Terms and Conditions of Online Banking. This will only have to be done the first time you log into Online Banking, unless we change the terms at a later date.
Finally, an invitation to enroll in Mobile Banking will be displayed. You will have the option to enroll immediately, to delay enrollment and ask to be reminded or to decline enrollment altogether.
You should now have access to your accounts.

 
NOTE: Usernames and Passwords are case sensitive and must be entered the same way each time. You may continue to use the same Username and new Password just entered for your initial login for all subsequent logins.
 
If you have any questions, please contact a customer service rep at 215-755-1500. Don’t forget to download the new Prudential Bank Mobile App.

















































 



































 

 Privacy Policy | Internet Terms and Conditions | Online Privacy Policy
      All Information Copyright © 2014 Prudential Savings Bank 
 














































POLONIA BANCORP, INC. - BALTIMORE, MD - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



BALTIMORE



State Commercial Banks



State Commercial Banks



                            POLONIA BANCORP, INC.
                                    



 





















P 


POLONIA BANCORP, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7 SAINT PAUL ST STE 1660 BALTIMORE, MD 21202
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated MD
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries State Commercial Banks
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement Nasdaq:PBIP









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement




















June 02, 2016 16:10 ET

 | Source: Prudential Bancorp, Inc.






Combination Expands Prudential Bancorp, Inc.’s Presence in Philadelphia CountyCreates Community Bank with Over $850 Million of Assets PHILADELPHIA  and HUNTINGDON VALLEY, Pa., June  02, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq:PBIP) (“PBIP”, “Prudential”) and Polonia Bancorp, Inc. (OTCBB:PBCP) (“PBCP”, “Polonia”) announced today that they have entered into a definitive agreement (the “Agreement”) pursuant to which Polonia will be merged into Prudential, with Prudential being the surviving entity. Upon the closing of the transaction, Polonia Bank, the wholly owned bank subsidiary of Polonia, will merge into Prudential’s wholly owned bank subsidiary, Prudential Savings Bank. The merger will enhance Prudential’s presence in Philadelphia County. At closing, the combined company is expected to have over $850 million in total assets. This transaction will expand Prudential’s existing branch network in the Philadelphia market for a total of 11 branches. Prudential will acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Polonia in exchange for a mixture of cash and common shares of Prudential. Under the terms of the agreement, shareholders of Polonia will be entitled to elect to receive either 0.7591 shares of Prudential common stock or $11.28 in cash for each common share of Polonia, subject to proration and allocation to ensure that 50% of outstanding Polonia shares are exchanged for shares of Prudential common stock and 50% are exchanged for cash. The exchange ratio and per share cash consideration are subject to adjustment based on the amount of Polonia’s stockholders’ equity prior to closing as calculated in accordance with the Agreement. The transaction, which has been unanimously approved by both Prudential’s and Polonia’s boards of directors, is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016, pending receipt of regulatory approvals, the approval of the shareholders of Polonia and other customary closing conditions. The cash and stock transaction is valued at approximately $38.1 million, including the value of outstanding options to acquire Polonia common stock, based on Prudential’s 20-day average closing stock price as of June 1, 2016. Options to acquire Polonia common stock will be cashed out for the positive difference, if any, between the per share cash consideration and the option exercise price. From the outset, the merger is expected to be significantly accretive to the combined company’s earnings per share in 2017 and thereafter. The modest tangible book value dilution to be experienced at closing is expected to be earned back in approximately one year using either the “crossover” or simple method. Key transaction assumptions include negative pre-tax gross marks of $2.5 million and that Prudential is expected to realize over 50% cost savings on operations. The transaction will also help leverage Prudential’s existing capital base, while still maintaining a strong capital base available for implementation of future capital management strategies. Dennis Pollack, President and CEO of Prudential said, “Acquiring Polonia is a very beneficial transaction that will enable us to increase the value of the franchise for the benefit of our shareholders. We will continue to pursue all strategies available to reach a higher level of financial performance in order to maximize shareholder value.” Joseph Svetik, President and CEO of Polonia noted, “We are pleased to join with a partner like Prudential that shares our commitment to community banking. The larger size of the combined company will benefit our customers and communities with a broader array of products and services.” Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P. served as financial advisor and rendered a fairness opinion to Prudential, and Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan LLP served as legal counsel. FinPro Capital Advisors served as financial advisor and rendered a fairness opinion to Polonia, and Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP served as legal counsel. About Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Prudential Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Prudential Savings Bank. Prudential Savings Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered, FDIC-insured savings bank that was originally organized in 1886. Prudential Savings Bank conducts business from its headquarters and main office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as well as five additional full-service branch offices, four of which are in Philadelphia, and one is in Drexel Hill, Delaware County, Pennsylvania. About Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Polonia Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Polonia Bank. Polonia Bank is headquartered in Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania and has provided community banking services to customers for almost 93 years.  Polonia Bank currently operates five full-service locations in Montgomery and Philadelphia Counties, Pennsylvania.  Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, expectations or predictions of future financial or business performance, conditions relating to Prudential and Polonia, or other effects of the proposed merger on Prudential and Polonia. These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to Prudential’s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors (some of which are beyond Prudential’s control). The words “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “will,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition to factors previously disclosed in the reports filed by Prudential with the SEC and those identified elsewhere in this document, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward looking statements or historical performance: the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and satisfy other closing conditions to the merger, including approval by shareholders of Polonia; delay in closing the merger; difficulties and delays in integrating the Polonia business or fully realizing anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the merger; business disruptions following the merger; the strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which Prudential and Polonia conduct their operations; general economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government, changes in tax policies, rates and regulations of federal, state and local tax authorities, changes in interest rates, deposit flows, the cost of funds, demand for loan products, demand for financial services, competition, changes in the quality or composition of Prudential’s loan, investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolios, changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines and other economic, competitive, governmental and technological factors affecting Prudential’s operations, markets, products, services and fees; and the success of Prudential at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. Annualized, pro forma, projected and estimated numbers presented herein are presented for illustrative purpose only, are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results. Prudential does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of Prudential to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this press release. For a complete discussion of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties related to Prudential’s business, you are encouraged to review Prudential’s filings with the SEC, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented by its quarterly or other reports subsequently filed with the SEC. Important Additional Information and Where to Find It Prudential intends to file with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-4 relating to the proposed merger, which will include a prospectus for the offer and sale of Prudential’s common stock as well as the proxy statement of Polonia for the solicitation of proxies from its shareholders for use at the meeting at which the merger will be considered. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. SHAREHOLDERS OF POLONIA ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS REGARDING THE MERGER WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED BY PRUDENTIAL WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THOSE DOCUMENTS, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. A free copy of the proxy statement/prospectus, as well as other filings containing information about Prudential, may be obtained at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, when they are filed by Prudential. You will also be able to obtain these documents, when they are filed, free of charge, from Prudential at www.prudentialsavingsbank.com under the heading “About Us” and then under the Investor Relations menu. In addition, copies of the proxy statement/prospectus can also be obtained, when it becomes available, free of charge by directing a request to Prudential at 1834 West Oregon Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19145 or by contacting Regina Wilson, Corporate Secretary, at 215-755-1500 or to Polonia at 3933 Huntingdon Pike, 3rd Floor, Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006 or by contacting Paul Rutkowski, CFO and Corporate Secretary, at 215-938-8800. Polonia and certain of its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be “participants” in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed Merger. Information concerning the interests of the Polonia persons who may be considered “participants” in the solicitation is set forth in the proxy statement for Polonia’s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the SEC on April 8, 2016. Additional information concerning Polonia’s directors and executive officers, including their ownership of Polonia common stock, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the merger, when it becomes available. Free copies of this document may be obtained as described in the preceding paragraph.  CONTACTS:
PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.
Anthony Migliorino		
(215) 755-1500			

POLONIA BANCORP, INC.
Joseph T. Svetik
(215) 938-8800


Related Articles
other press releases by Prudential Bancorp, Inc.


Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces Declaration of Quarterly Cash Dividend 
May 17, 2017 15:17


Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results and the Completion of the Polonia Bancorp, Inc. Acquisition
April 28, 2017 16:30


Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces Declaration of Quarterly Cash Dividend
February 23, 2017 17:43


Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results
January 30, 2017 17:42


Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces Completion of Merger With Polonia Bancorp, Inc.
January 03, 2017 08:30






162



other news releases in

Mergers and Acquisitions

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Prudential Bancorp, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, UNITED STATES
  http://www.prudentialsavingsbank.com




Contact Data
CONTACTS:
PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.
Anthony Migliorino		
(215) 755-1500			

POLONIA BANCORP, INC.
Joseph T. Svetik
(215) 938-8800







Media Files



Prudential Bancorp, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





Polonia Bancorp Inc PBCP Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                       Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Investment & Asset Management  > Polonia Bancorp Inc   Plunkett Research Online: Polonia Bancorp Inc    POLONIA BANCORP INC (PBCP) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTPolonia Bancorp was organized as a federal Corporation at the direction of Polonia Bank, in connection with the reorganization of the Bank from the mutual form of organization to the mutual holding company form of organization.  The reorganization was completed on January 11, 2007.  The Company is h..... POLONIA BANCORP INC  Ticker: PBCPExchange: PINXParent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 215 938-8800Fax: Address: 3993 Huntingdon PikeHuntingdon Valley, PA 19006 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription  Polonia Bancorp was organized as a federal Corporation at the direction of Polonia Bank, in connection with the reorganization of the Bank from the mutual form of organization to the mutual holding company form of organization. The reorganization was completed on January 11, 2007. The Company is h.....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate Culture    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
