










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Polyus




























© 2017 PJSC Polyus
Polyus Finance website
Legal Notice
Sitemap
Regulatory Disclosure on the Interfax Information Services Group web-site.







Polyus
Stocks & stats
Back

En
Ru







Polyus Finance website



AGM 30.06.2017



Secondary Offering


Polyus




Gold (USD) 1,261.10 +13.00
MOEX (RUB) 3,894.00 -9.06
OTC (USD) 0.00 0.00

Stocks & stats



En
Ru














Gold (USD) 1,261.10 +13.00
MOEX (RUB) 3,894.00 -9.06
OTC (USD) 0.00 0.00




1,968
koz of gold

produced in 2016 (2015: 1,763 koz)



389
$/oz

Total cash cost per ounce sold



572
$/oz

All-in sustaining cash cost



Ore processed, kt




24,824
2015


26,445
2016





Adj. EBITDA
$ mln



1,278
2015


1,536
2016




6
6 operating assets: 5 hard-rock mines and alluvial operations



2,458
$ mln

Total Revenue in 2016



0.12

Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) per 200k hours worked in 2016 (2015: 0.08)


Factsheet















News Agenda




Polyus entered into option agreements to consolidate 100% participation interest in SL Gold, the Sukhoi Log deposit JV
11 july 2017





Expected dividend rate per share
10 july 2017





Moody’s revises outlook on Polyus to Stable and assigns «Ba1» rating
14 june 2017



Press releases

Press releases






National Gold Mining Champion
About us

About us






Improving Efficiency in a Volatile Market


                                                                2015 Annual Report                 
Results and Reports

Results and Reports






Best Sustainable Development Practices
Sustainable development

Sustainable development








Olimpiada
Operating mines






Blagodatnoye
Operating mines






Titimukhta
Operating mines






Verninskoe
Operating mines






Alluvials
Operating mines






Kuranakh
Operating mines






Natalka
Development projects






Chertovo Koryto
Exploration






Sukhoi Log
Exploration






Bamskoye
Exploration






Panimba
Exploration






Razdolinskaya
Exploration







Geography of Operations

Operations


Operations
 



















Scroll Down























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Polus-STS LLC - Products, News and Contacts























































                        Categories
                    



                        Company A-Z
                    



                        Latest
                    




                        Get Listed
                    



                        News
                    



                        Events
                    




                        Client Login
                    







Toggle navigation
















I'm looking for...


























Home 
         / 
        
Companies 
         / 
        
Polus-STS LLC        



Polus-STS LLC



RADIOBARRIER Autonomous Perimeter Security Systems are reliable, simple and flexible solutions based on different physical principles of operation (UGS, microwave, infra-red, etc.) for perimeter protection and intelligence gathering in remote and extended areas with no power and communication lines.
 Key features: 
Unequalled autonomous operation during 5 yearsHigh performance in extreme climatic conditionsEasy deployment and maintenance on complex  terrainIn total, RADIOBARRIER Systems have been successfully monitoring and protecting more than 7,500 km of state borders, oil and gas pipelines, mining and drilling sites, perimeters of critical infrastructure in more than 25 countries worldwide. 




Polus-STS LLC
http://www.radiobarier.com

Email Us
T: +7 495 380 1980 ext 121



Trofimova str. 9, Bldg.2
115432
Moscow
RUSSIAN FEDERATION



Perimeter Protection Systems
Intruder Alarms Wireless
Infrared Perimeter Protection




       	 SEND ENQUIRY
    	




IFSEC International 2017
The leading security and fire event, 20-22 June, Excel London

Register






         Filter by ▼ 
      



Products & Services
Resources










Product
RADIOBARRIER Unattended Terrain Monitoring System (UTMS)
RADIOBARRIER Unattended Terrain Monitoring System (UTMS) is a UGS system used for protection and intelligence gathering in remote and extended areas, such as rural roads, paths, sections of gas and oil pipelines. It is utilised when the data is not needed in real time but required on demand for furt...
View product page









Product
RADIOBARRIER©​ Autonomous Perimeter Security System
RADIOBARRIER AUTONOMOUS PERIMETER SECURITY SYSTEM is a battery operated wireless intrusion detection UGS system for area surveillance and perimeter protection of zones with no power and communication infrastructure.
View product page











Whitepaper
RADIOBARRIER Whitepaper
Market standing at a glance
Read more










List your business for free
Create a business listing on the UK's leading security and fire directory
Get Listed


Get the IFSEC Global newsletter
The latest security and fire news, trends and insights
Sign Up







Close



FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT POLUS-STS LLC


Your email address

* Oops!


Your company name

* Oops!




Full name

* Oops!


Telephone number

* Oops!




Message

* Oops!




 I have read, understood and consent to your Privacy Policy 




* sorry this is a required field




JavaScript is not enabled in your browser. Please enable JavaScript, or certain functions may not work properly.


MESSAGE SENT!
Thanks for using IFSEC Global Directory,
Your enquiry has been sent to the selected companies, they will be in contact shortly.






Website Survey
 





 


Home - International Products Corp



























































































Sales In Europe
Login Register 






Close



Cart
Phone
Search
Place an Order




Search
Menu

 
0






  Your Source forCleaners & Assembly Lubricants 



Learn About IPC & Our Products

















              Appliance
            

ico-foodbevFood & Beverage
            


              Automotive
            

ico-waterWater & Wastewater
            

ico-pumpPump / HVAC
            


              Laboratory
            

ico-heavyequipConstruction
            


              Pharmaceuticals & Biotech
            








Specially Formulated Lubricants for the Appliance Industry
Dishwashers, washers and dryers, refrigerators, mixers, blenders, and many other appliances have rubber or soft plastic components such as hoses, O-rings, seals, grommets, plugs and more. The slip resistance of these parts makes assembly difficult.  P-80® temporary rubber assembly lubricants significantly reduce friction, helping these parts slide easily into place. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Cleaners for the Food & Beverage Industry
Precision cleaners that provide consistent results with every use and leave surfaces completely clean. These cleaners have been proven in cleaning applications ranging from mixing tanks, processing equipment and fluid lines to labware, general maintenance, and filter membrane cleaning. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Lubricants for the Automotive Industry
Rubber’s non-slip quality can make an automotive assembly process very difficult.  Without an assembly aid, tight-fitting rubber components can cause production to slow down, and quality and safety standards to slip. P-80® Lubricants provide a safe and easy way to improve automotive assembly operations. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Cleaners for the Water & Wastewater Industry
Formulated products that meet your membrane cleaning needs. Compatible with UF, RO, Ceramic and NF Systems. Today’s complex cleaning tasks make it difficult to find a consistently effective filter membrane cleaner. Our proprietary formulated cleaners work effectively at restoring 100% flux at safe pH ranges. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Lubricants for the Pump / HVAC Industry
P-80® lubricants are the perfect solution for pump and seal repairs. They have been used for years by treatment plant operators to maintain equipment and replace parts such as seals, O-rings, hoses, grommets, and plugs. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Cleaners for the Laboratory Industry
Whether you need to remove biological debris, fingerprints, protein, starch, or dye, our cleaners provide consistent results. Our laboratory cleaners are excellent for use on flasks, pipettes, slides, stainless steel, plastic, and other laboratory equipment and surfaces. When rinsed properly, our cleaners leave absolutely no residue. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Lubricants for the Construction
P-80® lubricants are used in the manufacturing and repair and maintenance of heavy-duty construction vehicles. Rubber assembly applications include bushings, leaf springs, chassis, and suspension components. P-80® lubricants provide temporary lubrication to rubber or soft plastic parts. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






Specially Formulated Cleaners for the Pharmaceuticals & Biotech
Our precision cleaners provide consistent results with every use and leave surfaces completely clean. They have been proven effective in critical cleaning applications including mixing tanks, tablet presses, fluid lines, batch process tanks, filter membranes, and other equipment. 

More Information | All Industries | Resources






 

Video Library
View Full Video Library


P-80® Mecmesin Test





Micro-90® Demo





How to Open and Dispense from a 55 Gallon Drum with a Pump




















































        Polus Solutions 
    


 

































 














  Home
 Company

Overview
Polus Advantage


 Products
 Services

Development & Support
Mobility Service
Web Development
Application Migration
Database Services
Reporting Solutions


 Software Solutions

Coeus Implementation
Coeus Customization
Kuali Coeus Implementation
Kuali-Coeus Customization
Hosting


 Contacts
 








 

 

 

 

Polus Software attended Gitex 2014 ( Gulf Information Technology Exhibition) which is an annual consumer computer and electronics trade show, exhibition and conference which takes place in Dubai, United Arab Emirates at the Dubai World Trade Centre.
We have exhibited our several products and services, which gained a tremendous feedback from international customers, and we have already signed a deal with one of them.


Polus Software launched its Brand new product called “Podium” to local and global markets successfully. Podium is an interactive school portal,which will have all details related to the students,including academic performance,attendance,and their progress reports. Podium is a common platform which brings together teachers, students and parents.

Polus Software is attending the CeBit 2015 at Hanover, which is known as the world's largest and most international computer expo and is considered a barometer of the state of the art in information technology. It is organized by Deutsche Messe AG. Polus team is also visiting Netherlands with a motto of visiting our happy Dutch clients and also for exploring new business areas.
Video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7JL1NShxI8&feature=youtu.be


 




  
   


Products 
Web based & Mobile Based

        Polus offers web applications in the domains such as Higher Education, Research Administration, Travel and Tourism, Industrial Automation, eLearning, Product Manufacturing etc.        

Read more





  
   


Services 
Software Services

        Polus’s Software development and support teams are competent and qualified engineers concentrating solely on Software development, maintenance and support activities.        

Read more





  
   


Engagement models 
Flexible models

        Fixed Price Model is certainly a low-risk option for the customer, as this model ensures that the project is done and delivered within a specific time and budget.        

Read more



 


            Recent projects
        




 


 Fibi 





 


 CellStash 





 


 HipHap 





 


 Podium 



 


















































 



        Testimonials
    







                    Polus has supplied us with additional capacity at the moment we needed it. Their developers show true dedication and willingness to improve. Polus has been an excellent partner during the development of our Android apps and has exceeded our expectations.         


Mark Ramakers
Owner, Scrambled Apps







             I will like to express my satisfaction on Polus' support, prompt responses and quality of the webprojects designed by your Polus.I really pleased with company in achieving my dreams on time and desired qualities.           


Ayoade Lanre Bex
Owner, Bexolie Energy Technologies







         Polus have been of great help in which ever requirement I have submitted. They show atmost care in understanding the requirement and delivering what exactly I need. They give importance to even the minute details of the project. Happy to be their client and will continue to do so.       


Dumebi Kachikwu
Owner, Netlink Technologies







         Great work and customer focused services. We are amazed by the performance of iPhone and Android app version of our own Business App, “RecruiterXL on the Road” that Polus has provided. They are indeed one of the best development teams we have worked with and we have decided to partner with Polus for Web and App development.     


Fred Huisman
Owner/Founder, RecruiterXL







        We have resorted to an outsourcing company for developing an online loyalty platform, helping us to generate online leads. Polus provided us with a dedicated team of au-fait .Net programmers. Within a very short period of time, Polus made it possible for us to launch the online loyalty platform live. Polus is flexible and open to organizational needs. They proved themselves to be a true partner.    


Ekrem Celebi
Co-founder, SendeBuyur.com













            
            Copyright © 2015 Polus Solutions.Pvt.Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
        





 







































Products – Beyond International Inc.





































































Skip to content


FacebookGoogle+YouTubeLinkedinToll Free: 1-866-695-6452 


Beyond International Inc.
Global leaders in aesthetic dentistry!


Home ProductsPremium Whitning Solutions Innovative Treatment Solutions Complete Oral Care Solutions  Corporate SupportTraining Options Warranty Information Contract Manufacturing Marketing Support Int’l Regulatory Complaince  LocationsTreatment Locations Global Distribution  CommunityDental Care For Children  Online ShopMy Account  


 0



No products in the cart.


Subtotal: $0.00

View Cart
Checkout









Home ProductsPremium Whitning Solutions Innovative Treatment Solutions Complete Oral Care Solutions  Corporate SupportTraining Options Warranty Information Contract Manufacturing Marketing Support Int’l Regulatory Complaince  LocationsTreatment Locations Global Distribution  CommunityDental Care For Children  Online ShopMy Account  














Grid view				
List view


	Showing 1–9 of 17 results


Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low








 Read more




Polus® Advanced Whitening Accelerator


Unprecedented Innovation and Flexibility in Whitening Technology!
> Upgraded light filtration system containing over 200,000 optical fibers, to filter out all harmful heat and ultraviolet (UV) light;
> Dual-arch power whitening option can be set to High, Medium, or Low light output settings for a tailored treatment that best suits each individual patient;
> Single-tooth whitening option included for precise, tailored treatment results;
> Smart Remote Control that allows patient awareness of procedure time;
> Built in purifier for a cleaner and healthier environment;
> Improved motorized arm that allows for yet easier adjustment of the accelerator head for a more comfortable whitening procedure;
> State of the art, full colored touch screen with newly added multilingual feature;
> Built-in instruction mode, that allows for a customized whitening procedure based on the client’s needs;
> Built-in, powerful LED curing light, featuring a dual wavelength output to cure any dental composite on the market;
> Radial arm with 360 range of motion;
> Motorized height adjustment can be controlled from the TUI control panel and accelerator head;
> Advanced temperature cooling and monitoring system designed to prevent system from overheating.
 
  For parties interested in buying the Polus Advanced system, please send an email to info@beyonddent.com to discuss next steps.









 Add to cart




BEYOND® II Whitening Accelerator

$1,200.00

Professional in-office Whitening Treatment!

The Beyond II Whitening Accelerator is a reinvented version of our best-selling Beyond Power Whitening system, allowing the whitening process to become more simple and affordable. The innovation is three fold: an augmented high-intensity LED light output for premium teeth whitening, passive air ionizer and secondary attachment that provides two-person simultaneous whitening capability.
> The Beyond II is both lightweight and portable for both travel and ease of use for room to room.
> Whitening options can be set to Low, Medium and High light output settings for a tailored treatment that best suits each individual client.
> Quick and simple client preparation and system operation with digital display control board.
> Utilizing negative ions, the built-in air purifier reduces airborne pollutants that may exist within the treatment space, actively contributing to a cleaner and healthier environment.









 Add to cart




BEYOND® II COMPLETE Professional Teeth Whitening Kit

$75.00

Single Patient, Comprehensive Whitening Package!
> Advanced formula, 35% H202 whitening gel produces dramatic glossy, white results;
> Additional whitening gel and tray material for follow-up and maintenance;
> Includes all patient preparation materials.









 Add to cart




BEYOND® II Five-Patient Economy Kit

$250.00

Our Most Economical, Full-sized Whitening Kit!
>  Advanced formula, 35% H2O2 whitening gel is formulated to reduce sensitivity;
>  Produces dramatic glossy, white results;
>  Compact packaging, economical and practical.









 Add to cart




MAX5 Treatment Kit

$115.00

Formulated to work with ANY whitening system!
> Features our popular 35% H2O2 advanced formula whitening gel;
> Gel’s proprietary formula improves oral health while whitening;
> Contains special ingredients to reduce the risk of sensitivity;
> Clinically proven results.
Max5 Treatment Kit is designed with a broader light activation spectrum for use with any light accelerated whitening system. *
* Additional treatment cycles may be needed for other light systems to achieve best results.









 Add to cart




BLAST™ Pre-Treatment Extra-Strength Whitening Paste

$22.00

Pre-Treatment Extra-Strength Whitening Paste!
> 35% hydrogen peroxide manual-mix whitening paste;
> Formulated to reduce the appearance of difficult and severe stains;
> Effective pre-treatment whitening boost for tetracycline and fluoride stains;
> For use with any BEYOND® Whitening Kit or light system.









 Add to cart




SOLO™ Single Treatment Kit

$28.00

Pre-Treatment Extra-Strength Whitening Paste!
> Proprietary gel formula improves oral health while whitening;
> Contains special ingredients to reduce the risk of sensitivity;
> Individualized packaging for single patients.
As with the Max kits, the Solo™ is designed for use with any light accelerated whitening system. *
* Additional treatment cycles may be needed for other light systems to achieve best results.









 Add to cart




Osmo™ Five-Patient Whitening Kit

$125.00

6% H2O2 Premium Whitening Formula with Post-treatment Whitening Pen.
>  Specially formulated 6% H2O2 gel designed for excellent accelerated results;
>  Gel’s gentle formula does not require gingival protection;
>  Brilliant results in only 36 minutes;
>  Guaranteed to deliver shiny, white results with NO sensitivity;
>  Includes easy to use Home-Maintenance Whitening Pen.









 Select options



CoreWhite™ Take-Home Tray Whitening Kit

$43.00

Take-home tray whitening available through the dental office!
> 30 minutes a day for 14 days – no messy overnight whitening;
> Visibly whiter teeth in five days;
> Gentle hydrogen peroxide formula minimizes risk of sensitivity;
> EVA material included for a comfortable customized tray;
> Two flavors to choose from: Mint and Orange.
CoreWhite™ Refill Kits are also available  in two flavors.






12



Product categoriesPremium Whitening Solutions (10)
BEYOND® Power Whitening Accelerators (2)
BEYOND® Whitening Kits (8)


Innovative Treatment Solutions (2)
Complete Oral Care Solutions (5)
CartPrice Filter





Filter

						Price:  — 




 







Go to Top

























MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC Products  
 
  ONLINE SINCE 2002  866-316-0162 My Account Cart Login     Advanced Search       Home    MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  MJM International Corporation specializes in designing and developing of PVC medical equipments. We at HPFY Stores, brings you a complete range of bed and bath products from MJM Corp that help make your life more comfortable. We ensure that our every customer achieves maximum satisfaction from every purchase. For this, we maintain updated list of products from the MJM International.   show more    Narrow Results ByFilter By Category Patient Care (53)  Daily Aids (40)  Mobility (16)  Rehabilitation & Therapy (6)  Shop By Need (2)  Special Needs (1)  See All...  By Carts Type Linen Cart (15)  Multipurpose Cart (10)  Hydration Ice Cart (8)  Hanging Cart (7)  Drying Rack Cart (1)  Emergency/Crash Cart (1)  See All...  By Hamper Accessories Liners (2)   By Medical Chair Type Clinical Care Recliners / Geri Chair (1)   By Medical Hampers Type Single  Hamper (7)  Double Hamper (6)  Triple Hamper (6)   By Medical Table Type Treatment Tables (1)   By Shelves Option 3 Shelves (8)  2 Shelves (7)  4 Shelves (6)  1 Shelf (2)   By Walker Type Seated Walker (7)  Speciality Walker (1)   By Clinical Care Recliner Type Three Position Recliner (1)   By Commode Type Bariatric Commode (2)   By Transfer Bench Type Padded Transfer Bench (1)  PVC Transfer Bench (1)  Shower Transfer Bench (1)   By Treatment Table Type Portable Table (1)   By Rails Type Toilet Safety Frame (1)   By Pediatric Mobility Type Walkers (1)   By Shower Chair/Stools Type Wheeled /Rolling shower chair (12)  Commode shower Chair (9)  Adjustable Shower chair (7)  Bariatric Shower Chair (4)  Pediatric Shower Chair (3)  Shower Chair Seat (1)  See All...  By Bath Aids Type Safety Belts (1)   By Commode Aids Type Commode Pails and Lids (1)  Toilet Seat (1)   By Walker Options With Four Wheels (2)  With Padded Seat (2)  With Backrest (1)   By Back Type With Backrest (16)   By Seat Height 18" - 22" (11)  22" and up (3)  under 18" (1)   By Height 38" or more (6)  18" to 26" (1)   By Width 31" or more (6)  25" to 30" (2)   By Depth 26" or more (2)  10" to 17" (1)  20" to 25" (1)   By Physical Properties Adjustable (8)  Lightweight (7)  Heavy Duty (3)   By Weight Capacity Up To 300 Lbs (11)  Up To 250 Lbs (8)  Up To 700 Lbs (7)  Up To 100 Lbs (5)  Up To 150 Lbs (3)  Up To 350 Lbs (3)  Up To 450 Lbs (2)  Up To 900 Lbs (2)  0 - 250 Lbs (1)  Up To 200 Lbs (1)  Up To 400 Lbs (1)  Up To 600 Lbs (1)  See All...  By Material PVC/Plastic (21)  Mesh (3)  Vinyl (2)   By Size Large (2)  Medium (2)  Small (2)  Adult (1)  Child (1)  Pediatric (1)  Standard (1)  Tall (1)  X-Large (1)  See All...  By Color Blue (40)  Mauve (37)  Green (36)  Black (15)  Grey (15)  Purple (15)  Red (15)  Tan (15)  White (14)  Yellow (14)  Mint (5)  Navy (3)  Royal Blue (2)  See All...  ApplyCancel     FilterSort: By Relevance
Price - low to high
Price - high to low
    MJM PVC Transfer Board  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $324.99$224.11 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Adapt-A-Walker  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $342.99$232.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Safety Belt For Shower Chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $36.95$25.99 Save Upto 40%View Details  MJM International Three-Position Recline Geri Transport Chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $686.43$494.89 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Ambulatory Walker With Casters  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $399.63$312.63 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Extra Wide 3-Position Recline Geri Chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $791.89$593.74 Save Upto 20%View Details  MJM International Ambulatory Walker  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $498.99$349.98 Save Upto 20%View Details  MJM International Bariatric Three-Position Recline Geri Chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $1129.99$839.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Tall Height Ambulatory Walker  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $550.00$399.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Combination Walker Or Transfer chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $867.99$638.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  MJM International Wide Walker with Heavy Duty Casters and Adjustable Height  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $446.71$316.45 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Platform Walker with Adjustable Height  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $319.50$280.83 Save Upto 20%View Details  MJM International Aqua Float  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $214.99$144.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Aqua Ring Float  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $214.99$143.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Wall Mount Therapy Ball Rack  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $98.99$67.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Ball Rack  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $350.60$269.63 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Echo Shower Chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $245.99$179.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Universal Patient Transfer System  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $1849.99$1378.99 Save Upto 20%View Details  MJM International Echo Reclining Shower Chair  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $405.89$289.99 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Bag Hamper  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $228.99$161.69 Save Upto 30%View Details  MJM International Echo Bag Hamper  MJM INTERNATIONAL CORP,INC  $246.99$171.99 Save Upto 30%View Details    Page 1 of 6 (114 total)      
           






Polus® Advanced Whitening Accelerator – Beyond International Inc.









































































Skip to content


FacebookGoogle+YouTubeLinkedinToll Free: 1-866-695-6452 


Beyond International Inc.
Global leaders in aesthetic dentistry!


Home ProductsPremium Whitning Solutions Innovative Treatment Solutions Complete Oral Care Solutions  Corporate SupportTraining Options Warranty Information Contract Manufacturing Marketing Support Int’l Regulatory Complaince  LocationsTreatment Locations Global Distribution  CommunityDental Care For Children  Online ShopMy Account  


 0



No products in the cart.


Subtotal: $0.00

View Cart
Checkout









Home ProductsPremium Whitning Solutions Innovative Treatment Solutions Complete Oral Care Solutions  Corporate SupportTraining Options Warranty Information Contract Manufacturing Marketing Support Int’l Regulatory Complaince  LocationsTreatment Locations Global Distribution  CommunityDental Care For Children  Online ShopMy Account  











BEYOND® Polus® Advanced
Unprecedented Innovation and Flexibility in Whitening Technology
> Upgraded light filtration system containing over 200,000 optical fibers, to filter out all harmful heat and ultraviolet (UV) light.
> Dual-arch power whitening option can be set to High, Medium, or Low light output settings for a tailored treatment that best suits each individual patient.
> Single-tooth whitening option included for precise, tailored treatment results.
> Smart Remote Control that allows patient awareness of procedure time.
> Built in purifier for a cleaner and healthier environment.






Innovative and Power-Packed System
> Improved motorized arm that allows for yet easier adjustment of the accelerator head for a more comfortable whitening procedure.
> State of the art, full colored touch screen with newly added multilingual feature.
> Built-in instruction mode, that allows for a customized whitening procedure based on the client’s needs.
> Built-in, powerful LED curing light, featuring a dual wavelength output to cure any dental composite on the market.
> Radial arm with 360 range of motion.
> Motorized height adjustment can be controlled from the TUI control panel and accelerator head.
> Advanced temperature cooling and monitoring system designed to prevent system from overheating.














LightBridge™ Technology
The POLUS® Advanced Whitening Accelerator combines halogen and LED light technologies to provide users with a premium whitening experience.
> An advanced light filtration system containing 200,000 optical fibers serves as a bridge between the two light sources, removing all harmful heat and ultraviolet (UV) light from the powerful halogen light source, before merging the light with emissions from the twelve blue LED lights at the front of the lamp head. The end results in a combination of two powerful light sources and ultrasonic technology with wavelengths that span the entire blue light whitening spectrum, providing patients with an effective and precise whitening treatment.







TUI Control Panel










Go to Top






















