    Joseph Pomaranski | Tenneco Inc | ZoomInfo.com    Joe Pomaranski | Perishable Distribution Solutions Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	Joseph Pomaranski | Tenneco Inc.

















Skip to Main Content


search

















 
Print

Joseph A. Pomaranski

Senior Vice President
General Manager
Global Aftermarket
 
Joe Pomaranski, senior vice president and general manager, global aftermarket is responsible for overseeing Tenneco’s aftermarket business worldwide with full responsibility for the business including engineering, sales/marketing, finance, strategic planning and business development.
Prior to being named to his current position in October 2014, Pomaranski served as vice president and general manager, North America aftermarket, responsible for the company's aftermarket business in North America. He was originally named VP, North America aftermarket in July 2008, and added the title of GM in November 2010. Previous to his promotion to VP, North America aftermarket, Pomaranski was vice president of sales, North America aftermarket.
He joined Tenneco in 1999 from Federal Mogul where he held the position of director of sales, special markets. Prior to that, he worked for Cooper Automotive as vice president of sales for the traditional and retail business. His career began with Champion Spark Plug where he held various positions from 1977 to 1998.
Pomaranski holds a B.S. degree in accounting from Salem College in Salem, West Virginia, and serves on several industry boards and committees.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Joseph A. "Joe" Pomaranski , Tenneco Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Joseph A. "Joe" Pomaranski  
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Global AftermarketTenneco Inc.
Telephone, Email, and Fax available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Vice President, North America Aftermarket,  Tenneco Inc.,  , (2008-2014) 
(2 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership Networks® Leadership® Companies Premium The Leadership Library®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            










Joseph Pomaranski - Director, Commercial Operations at Impact Management Services LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Joseph Pomaranski
Director, Commercial Operations at Impact Management Services LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Joseph Pomaranski
Director, Commercial Operations at Impact Management Services LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 24 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
May 18, 2017





                        Joseph Pomaranski is now serving in a new position at Impact Management Services LLC                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Pete A. Davis, Jr.

President & Chief Executive Officer at Impact Management Services LLC




Julie Tabish

Chief Operating Officer at Impact Management Services LLC





Jeffrey T. Bennett

Co-Founder at OtterBase, Inc.




William R. Bennett

Chief Executive Officer at OtterBase, Inc.





Thomas Zoulek

Controller at OtterBase, Inc.




Oneil Franso

Director, Human Resources at Impact Management Services LLC





Jacob Canter

Director, Commercial Services at Impact Management Services LLC




Pat Lucas

Director-Sales Operations at OtterBase, Inc.





Julie Church-Krafft

Human Resources Director at Pridgeon & Clay, Inc.




Daniel Bennett

Manager-Information Technology at OtterBase, Inc.







See 14 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 14 More 


 


 Paths to Joseph Pomaranski



            Joseph Pomaranski          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Joseph Pomaranski






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Joseph Pomaranski.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Miami University

                  Miami University is one of the oldest public universities in the country, made possible by an ordinance signed by President George Washington in 1795. Chartered in 1809, Miami welcomed its first students in 1824. Miami's reputation grew as quickly as its enrollment, and it became known as the "Yale of the West" for its ambitious liberal arts curriculum. Today, Miami consistently ranks among the nation's top public universities for the quality of teaching and overall student experience.

One of Miami University's most famous graduates was Benjamin Harrison, who later became a President of the United States. Professor William Holmes McGuffey revolutionized the education of generations of Americans when he conducted research for his Eclectic Readers series while teaching at Miami from 1826 to 1836. The "mother of fraternities," Miami was the founding site of four national fraternities: Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Chi, and Phi Kappa Tau; as well as Delta Zeta sorority.                





 Career History



Director, Commercial Operations

                                    Current                


Impact Management Services LLC


                  Impact Management Services LLC provides staff management and workforce consulting services for commercial and professional clients with a focus on recruiting, connecting, and developing qualified executive management, engineering, and technical professionals. Its services include professional recruiting, commercial staffing, human resource management, and career services. The company was founded by Peter A. Davis Jr. and Jeff Lothian in 2004 and is headquartered in Southfield, MI.                




Director-Sales & Operations

                                    Current                


OtterBase, Inc.


                  OtterBase, Inc. provides recruiting and staffing services. It offers digital, information technology, engineering, digital, professional, scientific and executive staffing services.  The company was founded  by Jeffrey T. Bennett and William R. Bennett in 1998 and is headquartered in Grand Rapids, MI.                





 Other Affiliations




              Joseph Pomaranski is affiliated with
                            Impact Management Services LLC, OtterBase, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













