    Robert Pomeroy | Horizon Technology Finance Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 





Insider Trading - Pomeroy Robert D. Jr. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-07Purchase
2016-11-082:45 pm
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
4,225
$10.5
$44,360
62,117(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-03-16Purchase
2016-03-1709:52 am
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
2,000
$11.5
$23,000
54,577(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-12-21Purchase
2015-12-213:27 pm
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
1,800
$11.16
$20,088
50,921(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-11-09Purchase
2015-11-094:38 pm
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
5,000
$10.86
$54,300
48,187(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-08-07Purchase
2015-08-1010:31 am
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
4,000
$10.96
$43,856
41,825(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-06-09Purchase
2015-06-094:02 pm
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
2,000
$13.54
$27,086
37,181(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-03-31Purchase
2015-04-0110:49 am
Horizon Technology Finance Corp
HRZN
Pomeroy Robert D. Jr.Chief Executive OfficerDirector
1,530
$13.92
$21,293
34,624(DirectIndirect)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 05:16:44 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  

















Robert D. Pomeroy Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors at Horizon Technology Finance Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert D. Pomeroy Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
Horizon Technology Finance Corporation


Past
To view Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 


Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s Biography




			Chief Executive Officer of the Company since March 2010 and Chairman of the Board of the Company since July 2010. Managing Member and Chief Executive Officer of the Company's Advisor since May 2003.
		
Source: Horizon Technology Finance Corporation on 04/23/2014
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert D. Pomeroy Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.


















Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s Connections (11)





Sign up now to view Robert D. Pomeroy Jr.'s 11 connections »









David P. Swanson
Former Board Member, Horizon Technology Finance Corporation









James J. Bottiglieri
Former Chief Financial Officer, Compass Diversified Holdings









Elaine A. Sarsynski
Former Board Member, Horizon Technology Finance Corporation









Joseph J. Savage
Executive Vice Chairman, Webster Financial Corporation









Gerald A. Michaud
Board Member and President and Director, Horizon Technology Finance Corporation









Edmund V. Mahoney
Former Board Member, Horizon Technology Finance Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	Robert Pomeroy, Jr. | Holland & Hart LLP



























Skip to Main Content













CONTACT
CAREERS
BLOGS








PEOPLE
PRACTICES/INDUSTRIES
FIRM
LOCATIONS
NEWS AND INSIGHTS
SEARCH 


CAREERS
BLOGS
CONTACT
SEARCH 




Search by Name or Keyword



Search by Title

Title
Associates
Of Counsel
Paralegals
Partners
Other Professionals



Search by Practice

Practice
Accommodations, Disabilities, Leaves
Advertising, Labeling, and Consumer Class Actions
Advertising, Marketing, and Sponsorships
Alternative Dispute Resolution
American Indian Law
Antitrust and Trade Regulation
Appellate
Banking and Financial Services
Banking Litigation
Bankruptcy, Restructuring, and Creditors' Rights
Class Actions
Commercial Finance
Commercial Leasing
Commercial Litigation
Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS)
Compliance Services
Compliance Systems, Audits, and Disclosures
Construction
Copyrights
Corporate
Customs Law/Import Control
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity and Data Breach Defense
Discrimination, Harassment, Retaliation, and Litigation
Electric Power
Emerging Growth
Eminent Domain
Employee Benefits
Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs)
Employment Litigation and Class Actions
Endangered Species and Wildlife Regulation
Entertainment, Media, and Sports 
Environmental and Natural Resources
Environmental and Natural Resources Litigation
Environmental Compliance and Enforcement
ERISA and Benefits Litigation
Estate Planning, Trust Administration, and Wealth Transfer
Export Control/Trade Sanctions
Fiduciary Solutions
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Anti-Corruption
Fund Formation
Government
Government Affairs
Government Contracts
Government Investigations and White Collar Defense
Healthcare Law
HR Counseling, Compliance, and Risk Management
Immigration
Income Tax
Insurance Coverage and Risk Management
Intellectual Property
International
International Arbitration
International Trade
IP For Corporate/M&A
IP Litigation
IT, Software and Technology Transactions
Labor and Employment
Labor and Management Relations
Legal Professional Liability
Linear Infrastructure 
Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs)
Mergers and Acquisitions
Mining
Multifamily and Affordable Housing Development
NEPA, Public Lands, and Cultural Resources
Oil and Gas
Outsourcing and Offshoring
Patent Prosecution, Counseling and Opinions
Privacy and Information Security
Private Client
Product Liability
Professional Employer and Staffing Organizations
Project Contracts
Project Finance and Strategic Transactions
Projects
Public Utilities Regulation
Real Estate Development and Finance
Religious Institutions and First Amendment
Residential and Community Development
Resorts, Lodging, and Leisure
Securities and Capital Markets
Securities Enforcement and Shareholder Litigation
State and Local Tax
Tax and Benefits
Tax Controversy
Telecoms Transactions
Trade Secrets and Non-Competes
Trademarks and Foreign Portfolio Management
Trial Consulting and Graphics
Venture Capital and Private Equity
Wage and Hour
Water Law
Workplace Safety and Emergency Response
Zoning and Land Use



Search by Office

Office
Anchorage
Aspen
Billings
Boise
Boulder
Carson City
Cheyenne
Colorado Springs
Denver
Denver Tech Center
Jackson Hole
Las Vegas
Reno
Salt Lake City
Santa Fe
Washington, D.C.



Search by School

School
Abilene Christian University
Adams State College
Air Command and Staff College
Allegheny College
American Alliance of Certified Paralegals
American Arbitration Association
American College
American University
American University, Washington College of Law
Amherst College
Applied Technology Education
Arapahoe Community College
Arizona State University
Auburn University
Austin College
Ball State University
Barnard College
Bemidji State University
Benedictine College
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law
Binghamton University, The State University of New York
Blue Mountain Community College
Boise State College
Boise State University
Boston College
Boston College Law School
Boston University
Boston University College of Engineering
Boston University School of Law
Bournemouth University 
Bowdoin College
Bradley University
Brandeis University
Brigham Young University
Brigham Young University Law School
Brigham Young University, J. Reuben Clark Law School
Brigham Young University, Marriott School of Management
Brigham Young University-Idaho
Brooklyn Law School
Brown University
California Institute of the Arts
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo
California State University, Fresno
California State University, Northridge
California Western School of Law
Calvin College
Case Western Reserve University
Certified Legal Assistant (CLA)
Colgate University
College of Charleston
College of Eastern Utah - Price, Utah 
College of Idaho
College of Southern Nevada
College of William and Mary
Colorado Christian University
Colorado College
Colorado School of Mines
Colorado State University
Columbia Law School
Columbia University
Columbia University School of Law
Community College of Southern Nevada
Cook College - Rutgers University
Cornell Law School
Cornell University
Creighton University
Creighton University School of Law
Cumberland School of Law, Samford University
Dartmouth College
Davidson College
Denver Paralegal Institute
DePaul University College of Law
DePaul University School of Law
DePauw University
Dixie College
Dordt College
Drake University Law School
Drexel University
Duke University
Duke University School of Law
Duke University, Terry Sanford Institute of Public Policy
Eastern Oregon University
Emory University
Emory University School of Law
Florida State University 
Fordham University School of Law
Fort Lewis College
Franklin & Marshall College
George Mason University
George Mason University School of Law
George Washington University
George Washington University School of Law
Georgetown University
Georgetown University Law Center
Georgetown University Law School 
Georgia Institute of Technology
Gettysburg College
Gonzaga University
Gonzaga University School of Law
Graduate Institute of International Affairs, Geneva, Switzerland
Grinell College
Harvard College
Harvard Law School
Harvard Law School Negotiation Workshop
Harvard University
Harvard University Graduate School of Education
Harvard University Kennedy School of Government
Heidelberg University
Holy Cross Hospital School of Nursing
Illinois Wesleyan University 
Indiana University
Indiana University Kelley School of Business
Indiana University Maurer School of Law
Indiana University School of Law
Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs
Instituto Tecnologico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey
Ithaca College
J. Reuben Clark Law School, Brigham Young University
Jacob Gould Schurman Fellowship, Universit&#228;t Heidelberg, Germany
James Madison University
John Brown University
John Marshall Law School
Kalamazoo College
Kansas State University
Kaplan College
Kent State University
Kenyon College
Kishwaukee College
Korbel School of International Studies
Korea University
La Sorbonne, L'Universite de Paris - France
Laramie County Community College
Lee University
Lewis and Clark College
Lincoln School of Commerce
L'Institute Catholique; Paris, France
London School of Economics and Political Science
Louisiana State University
Loyola Law School 
Loyola University of Chicago School of Law
Loyola University, New Orleans
Macalester College
Madison Area Technical College
Marquette University School of Law
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Metropolitan State College of Denver
Miami University
Michigan State University
Michigan State University College of Law
Middle Tennessee State University
Midstate College
Millsaps College
Montana State University
Montana Tech of the University of Montana
Morrison College
National Association of Legal Assistants
National Institute of Trial Advocacy
National University of Singapore
Naval Flight Training - Pensacola, FL
New York University
New York University Law School
New York University School of Law
North Carolina State University
Northeastern University School of Law
Northern Arizona University
Northwestern School of Law at Lewis & Clark College
Northwestern University
Northwestern University School of Law
Oakland University
Ohio University
Oklahoma State University
Oregon Institute of Technology 
Otterbein University 
Pennsylvania State University, Dickinson School of Law
Pepperdine University
Pepperdine University School of Law
Phillips Jr. College
Point Loma Nazarene University
Pomona College and Colorado College
Pomona College, Claremont, California
Princeton University
Purdue University
Reed College
Regis College
Regis University
Rhema Bible College
Rice University
Ripon College
Rocky Mountain College
Roosevelt University
Rutgers University School of Law
S.J. Quinney College of Law, University of Utah
Saint Louis University
Salt Lake City Community College
Salt Lake Community College
Sam Houston State University
San Francisco State University
San Jose State University
Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law, Arizona State University
Santa Clara University
Santa Clara University School of Law
Seattle University
Skidmore College
Smith College
South Dakota State University
Southern Methodist University
Southwest Missouri State University
St. John Fisher College
St. Lawrence University
Stanford Law School
Stanford University
State University of New York at Buffalo
State University of New York, College of Environmental Science & Forestry
Sterling Paralegal Institute, Phoenix, Arizona
Suffolk University Law School
SUNY Morrisville
Syracuse University
Texas A&M University
Texas Tech University
Texas Tech University School of Law
The Catholic University of America
The George Washington University
The Johns Hopkins University
The Ohio State University
The Ohio State University Moritz School of Law
The Ohio State University School of Law
The University of Kent
Thomas Aquinas College
Thomas Jefferson School of Law
Truman State University
Tufts University
Tulane University
U.S. Air Force Academy
U.S. Air Force War College
United States Military Academy at West Point 
United States Naval Academy
Universidad Alberto Hurtado – Santiago, Chile
Universidad Iberoamericana, Puebla, Mexico
University of Alberta
University of Amsterdam
University of Arizona
University of Arizona, James E. Rogers College of Law
University of Arkansas Little Rock
University of Arkansas, Fayetteville
University of Auburn
University of British Columbia, Regent College
University of California
University of California - Berkeley
University of California at Irvine
University of California at Los Angeles
University of California at Santa Barbara
University of California at Santa Cruz 
University of California Boalt Hall School of Law
University of California San Diego, Jacobs School of Engineering
University of California, Berkeley School of Law
University of California, Davis
University of California, Graduate School of Public Policy
University of California, Hastings College of Law
University of California, Los Angeles, School of Law
University of California, San Diego
University of Cambridge
University of Carabobo, School of Law
University of Central Arkansas
University of Central Florida
University of Chicago
University of Chicago Law School
University of Cincinnati
University of Colorado
University of Colorado at Boulder
University of Colorado at Denver
University of Colorado School of Law
University of Colorado, College of Engineering
University of Colorado, Leeds School of Business
University of Connecticut School of Law
University of Denver
University of Denver College of Law
University of Denver Graduate School of International Studies
University of Denver Sturm College of Law 
University of Denver, Daniels College of Business
University of Florida
University of Georgia
University of Georgia School of Law
University of Georgia, Terry College of Business
University of Houston College of Law
University of Houston Law Center
University of Houston Law School
University of Idaho
University of Idaho College of Law
University of Illinois
University of Illinois (U-C)
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, College of Law
University of Illinois College of Law
University of Iowa
University of Kansas
University of Kansas School of Law
University of La Verne College of Law
University of Mary Washington
University of Maryland
University of Maryland School of Law
University of Massachusetts Amherst
University of Miami (FL)
University of Miami School of Law
University of Michigan
University of Michigan Law School
University of Minnesota
University of Minnesota School of Law
University of Missouri
University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Law
University of Montana
University of Montana School of Law
University of Nebraska
University of Nebraska College of Law
University of Nebraska-Lincoln
University of Nevada
University of Nevada, Las Vegas
University of Nevada, Reno
University of New Hampshire
University of New Hampshire Franklin Pierce School of Law
University of New Hampshire School of Law
University of New Mexico
University of New Mexico School of Law
University of North Carolina
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 
University of North Dakota
University of Northern Arizona
University of Northern Colorado
University of Notre Dame
University of Notre Dame Law School
University of Oklahoma
University of Oregon
University of Oregon School of Law
University of Pennsylvania
University of Pennsylvania Law School 
University of Phoenix
University of Pittsburgh Law School
University of Puerto Rico
University of Puget Sound School of Law
University of Richmond T.C. Williams School of Law
University of Rochester
University of San Diego
University of San Diego School of Law
University of San Francisco School of Law
University of Santa Clara
University of South Dakota
University of South Dakota School of Law
University of South Florida
University of Southern California
University of Southern California School of Law
University of Sydney
University of Tennessee
University of Texas
University of Texas – Austin - School of Law
University of Texas at Austin
University of Texas School of Law
University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law
University of the West of England, Bristol
University of Toledo
University of Toronto Faculty of Law
University of Tulsa
University of Tulsa College of Law
University of Utah
University of Utah College of Law
University of Utah S.J. Quinney College of Law
University of Utah School of Business
University of Utah School of Law
University of Victoria School of Law
University of Virginia
University of Virginia Darden School of Business
University of Virginia Law School
University of Virginia School of Law
University of Virginia, Colgate Darden School
University of Wales, University College, Cardiff
University of Washington
University of Waterloo
University of Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin Law School
University of Wisconsin, Madison
University of Wyoming
University of Wyoming College of Law
University of Wyoming College of Law Environment, Energy and Natural Resources Clinic
University of Wyoming School of Law
Utah State University
Utah Valley University
Valparaiso University
Vanderbilt University
Vanderbilt University Law School
Vassar College
Vermont Law School
Virginia Commonwealth University
Virginia Tech
Waikato University School of Law, New Zealand
Wake Forest University School of Law
Walla Walla University
Washburn University School of Law
Washington & Lee University
Washington State University
Washington University
Washington University in St. Louis
Washington University School of Law
Weber State University
Wellesley College
Wesleyan University
Westminster College
Westminster College of Salt Lake City 
Willamette University
William & Mary School of Law
William S. Boyd School of Law, University of Nevada Las Vegas
Williams College
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Yale Law School
Yale University


view all


CLEAR


SEARCH































Robert Pomeroy, Jr.
Partner

6380 South Fiddlers Green Circle, Suite 500, Greenwood Village, CO 80111P 303.290.1622


Download as PDF
Download vCard
Send Email












OVERVIEW
Bob Pomeroy has saved his electric consumer clients hundreds of millions of dollars in power costs during a career spanning 40 years.

Having counseled the largest and most well-established coalitions of electric consumers and independent power producers in the Mountain West, Bob understands the challenges electric consumers face today in a rapidly changing regulatory environment, and his work also has helped open wholesale and retail electric markets in the West to new competitive business opportunities for independent power producers.
Bob has won energy and public utilities cases for his electricity clients in the Colorado and Wyoming Supreme Courts and other state and federal courts.  He also appears before the public utilities commissions in Colorado, Wyoming, Utah, Montana, New Mexico and Idaho.




EXPERIENCEExperienceRepresented clients in energy project development and the purchase or sale of electricity, assisting them on:

Contract negotiations
Rate proceedings
Regulatory issues
Electric transmission
Legislation and administrative agency issues arising out of the changing federal and state regulatory environment


Provides counsel and advocacy in administrative proceedings involving:

Rate cases
Tariff issues
Construction projects
Resource planning and transmission
Qualifying facilities
Mergers and acquisitions
Service quality matters
Line extensions
Legislation
Environmental regulatory requirement
Demand side management



CLIENT RESULTS

Client Results

Represented a client coalition in a first-of-its-kind proceeding before a state utilities commission involving an electric utility’s proposed addition of expensive air quality controls for one of its aging coal-fired power plants.  The electric utility initially proposed to spend over $250 Million for the air quality control equipment, but an investigation by Holland & Hart and our team of expert witnesses into the cost-effectiveness of the utility’s proposal ultimately led to finding a dramatically less expensive alternative for our clients and all of the utility’s other ratepayers over a six-state region.  Due to its significantly lower cost, the alternative solution ultimately selected will save the utility’s consumers, including our client coalition, over $225 Million. 

Represented a coalition of industrial electric consumers before a state utility commission in opposing an “all-energy” rate design proposed by an electric utility that would have dramatically increased rates for larger consumers.  In appealing the initial ruling of the commission in favor of the utility, Mr. Pomeroy succeeded in having the unfavorable rate design overturned at both the state district court level and at the state Supreme Court, resulting in a major victory for his clients.

Represented a coalition of over 30 independent power producers– including both fossil fuel and renewable power plant developers – in opposing Public Service Company of Colorado's (PSCo) proposal before the Colorado Public Utilities Commission (PUC) for a complete exemption from Colorado's competitive bidding requirement for new power plants, which, if granted, would have eliminated any business opportunity in Colorado for non-utility power developers.  Although no other party resisted the PSCo request for an exemption from bidding, following three full weeks of contested hearings, the PUC ruled entirely in our client coalition's favor and required PSCo to compete with independent developers for new power plants.  The final order approved over 1,000 megawatts of new generation resources, all of which were to be built by independent power producers, providing several hundreds of millions of dollars in new business opportunities in Colorado to our clients.

Represented a major national wind developer in securing unanimous approval from the Colorado Public Utilities Commission of a 200MW wind farm in Eastern Colorado over the vigorous opposition of other parties to the case.  In that proceeding, approval of the wind farm was contested by the Staff of the Colorado Public Utilities Commission, industrial consumers, gas producers and other wind developers.  Mr. Pomeroy served as lead counsel for the developer of the wind farm, and developed and implemented a coordinated strategy with the local electric utility that secured the required Commission approval after a contested hearing.

Served as lead counsel for an industrial electric consumer client coalition in opposing a $91 Million rate increase triggered by volatile power markets at the time of the failure of a major power plant by an electric utility.  Following an investigation into the cause of the power plant failure and into the power purchasing practices of the utility, the Holland & Hart legal team secured a complete disallowance of the proposed rate increase, an outcome which was ultimately upheld by the state Supreme Court, saving his the members of his client coalition alone well over $40 Million in annual electricity costs.

Serves as lead counsel for a 22-member coalition of large electric consumers, the Wyoming Industrial Energy Consumers (WIEC), in electric regulatory proceedings before the Wyoming Public Service Commission, continuing a representation that began in 1994 when he was selected by WIEC as its Legal Counsel upon WIEC’s formation.  He has represented WIEC in every major electric rate case since that time.  For example, in 2011 and 2012 rate cases, the WIEC legal team succeeded in reducing the final rate hike for consumers by more than one-half, cutting back the 2011 rate increase from $98 Million to only $44 Million and 2012 rate increases from $92 Million to only $41 Million, resulting in annual total electric bill savings for our client coalition of over $25 Million in each year.

Spearheaded the formation of the largest and longest-running industrial electric consumer coalitions in Colorado, Montana and Wyoming and for decades, with other members of Holland & Hart, has represented those coalitions before their respective state public utilities commissions.  He has also served as lead counsel in the formation of independent power plant developer coalitions in New Mexico and Wyoming, while serving as lead counsel for a similar coalition in Colorado.  In addition, he has represented individual industrial electric consumers and individual independent power producers (both fossil fuels and renewable) in major electric regulatory proceedings and rate cases before state utilities commissions across the Mountain West.





PRACTICES

Practices

Public Utilities Regulation
Environmental and Natural Resources




NEWS AND INSIGHTS

News



Holland & Hart Colorado Attorneys Named to 2017 Best Lawyers® List, 8/15/2016
                                                                    


Speaking Engagements



                                                                        "Energy in the Southwest," Speaker and Co-Chair, 2005-2016
                                                                    

                                                                        "Colorado PUC Trial Practice and Procedure Seminar," Faculty, 2014
                                                                    

                                                                        "Harvard Environmental Law Center's Symposium on Environmental & Electricity Law Issues," 2013
                                                                    

                                                                        "Electricity Consumers Resource Council's Annual Meeting on Electricity Rates and Environmental Considerations," 2013
                                                                    

                                                                        "Utah Association of Energy Users Annual Conference," 2012
                                                                    





EDUCATION AND ADMISSIONS

Education


                                                                University of Virginia
                                                                J.D., 1976
                                                                
                                                                
                                                            

                                                                University of Virginia
                                                                B.A., 1973
                                                                
                                                                
With Honors in Economics
Phi Beta Kappa



Bar Admissions

Colorado



RECOGNITIONRecognition
Top 100 Clean Technology and Renewable Energy Attorney in the U.S.
The Best Lawyers in America© Energy Law, 1991-2017, Utilities Law, 2016, 2017
Selected by Colorado PUC for faculty at its Trial Practice and Procedure Seminar (February 2014)
5280 Magazine, Denver's Top Lawyers, Energy and Public Utilities Law 
Law Week Colorado, Best Renewable Energy Lawyer


PROFESSIONAL AND CIVIC AFFILIATIONSProfessional and Civic Affiliations
Holland & Hart's Energy, Telecommunications, and Utilities Practice Team, Chair
Holland & Hart's Management Committee, Former Member
Continuing Legal Education Seminars on Energy and Telecommunications Law, Chair or Co-Chair
Colorado and Wyoming, Electric Consumers Resource Council's (ELCON) State Industrial Attorneys Network, Representative




































LinkedIn
Twitter





DISCLAIMER
|
PRIVACY POLICY



COPYRIGHT HOLLAND & HART LLP 1995-2017 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.











        DISCLAIMER
    


            Unless you are a current client of Holland & Hart LLP, please do not send any confidential information by email. If you are not a current client and send an email to an individual at Holland & Hart LLP, you acknowledge that we have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information you submit to us, unless we have already agreed to represent you or we later agree to do so. Thus, we may represent a party adverse to you, even if the information you submit to us could be used against you in a matter, and even if you submitted it in a good faith effort to retain us.
        



Accept


Decline












Robert D. Pomeroy, Jr. | Horizon Technology Finance














































 












 






Leadership
Business Development
Portfolio Management
Operations








Robert D. Pomeroy, Jr.



Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

Rob co-founded Horizon Technology Finance Corporation and is its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Rob co-founded our Advisor in 2003 and is its Chief Executive Officer and also serves a member of its investment committee. Rob has over 40 years of diversified lending and leasing experience including more than 20 years in venture lending.
From 2000 to 2003, Rob was President of GATX Ventures, Inc., the venture lending subsidiary of GATX Corporation. From 1996 to 2000, Rob was Executive Vice President of Transamerica Business Credit, where he co-founded and was general manager of Transamerica Technology Finance, its venture lending business. Rob served from 1989 to 1996 as Senior Vice President of Financing for Science International, Inc., a publicly traded venture financing and healthcare leasing company. Rob started his career with Crocker Bank in 1974. Rob earned both a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of California at Berkeley.

 Direct: +1 (860) 676-8656


 Email: rob@horizontechfinance.com



SelectedPortfolio Companies


















 










Connecticut




California




Massachusetts




Virginia



Horizon Technology Finance
312 Farmington Avenue
Farmington, CT 
06032


Jerry Michaud
(860) 676-8659
jerry@horizontechfinance.com

 


Horizon Technology Finance
349 Main Street
Suite 203
Pleasanton, CA 
94566


Kevin May
(925) 935-2924
kevin@horizontechfinance.com

 


Horizon Technology Finance
One International Place
Suite 1400
Boston, MA 
02110 


Greg Peter
+1 (617) 535-3200
gpeter@horizontechfinance.com

 


Horizon Technology Finance
1818 Library Street
Suite 500 
Reston, VA 
20190


Todd McDonald
(703) 956-3504
todd@horizontechfinance.com

 


 

 










 









“Horizon’s financial strength and team of venture lending experts were key differentiators in evaluating possible sources of funding.Horizon quickly closed on a flexible venture loan facility, which provides us with meaningful liquidity that enhances our financial position and future growth prospects.”



Craig McLaughlin
President and CEO of Bridge2 Solutions








“We appreciate the support we have received from Horizon and their experienced team of professionals, who worked diligently to close this strategic transaction.”



Tom Cotney
CEO of mBlox








“This loan facility enables us to keep moving forward with our strategic initiatives and provides additional financial support for our ongoing clinical trials.”



Stephen Holcombe
President and CEO of vTv Therapeutics








“With Horizon’s attractive growth capital we are well positioned to add value for our current customers while marketing our best in class products to prospective organizations.”



John Shackleton
President and CEO of SilkRoad








“With their significant experience in lending to technology companies, Horizon quickly structured and closed a financing solution tailored to our specific needs and stage of development. Horizon’s venture loan facility strengthens our ability to capitalize on exciting domestic and international growth opportunities, as we continue to help global brands tell their stories.”



Tom Gerace
CEO and Founder of Skyword









More Testimonials

 





Home
Home

About Us
The Horizon Story
A Balanced Perspective
Growth Capital
Industries and Sectors



Team
Leadership
Business Development
Portfolio Management
Operations

Portfolio
Horizon Portfolio
Equity Sponsors
Testimonials



Investor Relations
IR Overview
Stock Information
Corporate Governance
Events/Presentations
SEC Filings

News
Press Releases
Horizon in the News



Contact Us
Offices
Team




HORIZON TECHNOLOGY FINANCE 
A Life Sciences & Technology Venture Lending Partner
Connecticut / California / Massachusetts / Virginia | info@horizontechfinance.com | Terms of Use | Site Map

Copyright © 2017 Horizon Technology Finance. All rights reserved.

website by DIANA STUTZ DESIGN

 
 









 















	Robert Pomeroy Obituary - Woodland, CA | Daily Democrat






 














































































Obituaries


















 POWERED BYSearch










Resources


More Obituaries for Robert Pomeroy


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Robert Dwight Pomeroy


1920 - 2014
Obituary
Condolences

































 Dec. 3, 1920 - Nov. 9, 2014  Robert Dwight Pomeroy, age 93, passed away peacefully surrounded by his family on Nov. 9, in Woodland, CA. Bob is survived by his daughter, Patricia Pomeroy Eisner married to Charles Eisner of Walnut Creek, CA; and his sons, Robert D. Pomeroy, Jr. married to Susan Backus Pomeroy of Simsbury, CT and J. Richard Pomeroy married to Susan Damron Pomeroy of Woodland. He was predeceased by his wife of 54 years, Mary Morning Pomeroy, who died in 1996. Bob was a proud granddad (GDad) to his seven grandchildren, Daniel Eisner married to Theresa Massagli Eisner, Deborah Eisner Joffe married to Joseph Joffe, Jonathan Eisner, Elizabeth Pomeroy Lipscomb married to Stephen Lipscomb, Sarah Pomeroy Wilson married to Ryan Wilson, Lauren Damron Kiesz married to Christopher Kiesz and Claire Morning Pomeroy Warren married to Matthew Warren. Bob also had six great grandchildren, Olivia and Audrey Kiesz, James and Mason Lipscomb and Leah and Zoe Joffe.  Bobby Dwight Pomeroy, later changed to Robert, was born in Pittsburg (no H), Kansas on Dec. 3, 1920. He moved with his family to Long Beach, CA in 1932 and lived in San Bernardino where he met Mary in 1934. Bob and Mary were high school sweethearts and graduated from San Bernardino High School in 1937 and were active in Christian Endeavor. Bob attended UC Berkeley and graduated from UCLA in 1941 before joining the US Coast Guard. He served as an officer in World War II helping build LORAN stations in the South Pacific. Bob worked his entire career for the Southern California Gas Company retiring as a Vice President in 1985 after 42 years. Bob and Mary raised their family in Glendale, CA and were Elders and Deacons of the Glendale Presbyterian Church. They moved to Woodland in 1989 and were active in the Yolo County History Museum, the Woodland Presbyterian Church and the Woodland Sunrise Rotary Club.  Bob led a life of service through the Presbyterian Church, the Exchange Club of Los Angeles, the Boy Scouts of America, US Coast Guard and Rotary. He and the family loved to travel by car and trailer, air or cruise ship visiting all 50 states and many ports of call. Bob loved crossword puzzles, genealogy, ice cream and baseball, especially the Los Angeles Dodgers.  Services will be private. The family requests that in lieu of flowers donations may be made in memory of Robert D. Pomeroy to St. John's Retirement Village, 135 Woodland Ave. Woodland, CA 95695 or the Rotary Foundation at www.rotary.org.



Published in Daily Democrat from Nov. 12 to Nov. 13, 2014


Read More











Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.







1 Entry



The Guest Book is Expired
Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for ROBERT DWIGHT POMEROY




"My sincerest condolences and prayers to Bob's family. He was a very good friend to my Mom and Dad and thus a good friend of mine."-Steve Finfrock

Restore the guest book





















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


Donate to Charity




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries






















































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.







































Pomeroy, Robert D. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Robert D. Pomeroy
Robert D. Pomeroy Jr. is CEO and Chairman of the board of Horizon Technology Finance Corporation, a public, externally managed business development company. His background includes positions as President of GATX Ventures, Inc., and Co-Founder and Executive Vice President of Transamerica Business Credit’s technology finance division. Earlier, he served as Senior Vice President with Financing for Science International, Inc. Mr. Pomeroy has over 35 years of diversified lending and leasing experience. He earned both an MBA and B.S. from the University of California, Berkeley.
Related Interviews:Interview with the Chairman and CEO & the Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer: Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (HRZN)October 30, 2013Interview with the CEO and Chairman: Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (HRZN)November 19, 2012







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















POMEROY ROBERT D. JR. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      POMEROY ROBERT D. JR.
                    

•   FARMINGTON, CT
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Pomeroy Robert D. JR. is based out of Farmington.    WhaleWisdom has at least 9 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Pomeroy Robert D. JR.. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from POMEROY ROBERT D. JR., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




pomeroy robert d. jr.


312 FARMINGTON AVENUE

FARMINGTON
CT
                                                        
                                                    06032









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/08/2016
4 filed on 03/17/2016
4 filed on 12/21/2015
4 filed on 11/09/2015
4 filed on 08/10/2015
4 filed on 06/09/2015
4 filed on 04/01/2015
4 filed on 12/09/2014
4 filed on 03/17/2014
4 filed on 11/13/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















