





 About us – POMM

















































 
PommPrivacy On My Mind  INVEST NOW 











 

 INVEST NOW 







About us
POMM develops groundbreaking biometrically authenticated and biosensor-protected privacy solutions, providing a selection of world-wide patented mobile solutions.
POMM is a US company based on Israeli technology. It received the prestigious R&D grant of the European FP7 fund, leading the critical part of the innovative PCAS secured mobile communication system development project. POMM R&D teams collaborate with leading companies and research institutes in the fields of mobile IT and ICT security.
POMMTM is an American-Israeli tech joint venture product line. With POMMTM, all operational capabilities of the commercial Android smartphone are kept intact. In parallel the users get an additional secure smart mobile device to securely store and efficiently manage all types of private data.


Unique


Unrivaled technology to solve one of the main pain points of our digital age: privacy & security of mobile data


Patented


Strong IP, multiple patents registered in the United States, Russia, Japan and other countries worldwide


Solution


Millions of mobile-phone users & companies are waiting for a solution for mobile data privacy & security


Gila FishFounder & ChairmanDavid FreidenbergCEOAvner KormanVP R&DAbby DruePresident & Marketing Manager


Gila Fish
Founder & Chairperson
M.Sc, System Analyst for more than 30 years. An IT Management professional, active Director in Public companies.
Personal note: “I am a person deeply dedicated to the well-being of people & with this motivation I invented POMM – to keep our personal digital ID and data safe and theft-proof. I call you to back our revolutionary product – which has become a must these days”





David Freidenberg
CEO
MBA, 15 years of experience in executive roles in the IT & telecommunication industry including CEO, VP Sales & business development.
Personal note: “The grave consequences of our personal and business vulnerability in the digital space are just starting to be understood. With POMMTM we have an answer to this critical problem. This solution is going to change the entire market!” 





Avner Korman
VP R&D
M.Sc, MBA, 30 years of experience in building & managing Hi-Tech ventures.
 
Personal note: “Our teams have been working in close collaboration with POMM multi-national European FP7 R&D, engineering and software teams to create a solution that is really ground breaking. I’m excited now to reach the stage of offering it to the global markets”





Abby Drue
President and marketing strategist
PhD, 40 years of achievements & work experience in the international arenas of marketing strategy, communications and public relations








































 POMM – Privacy On My Mind















































 
PommPrivacy On My Mind  INVEST NOW 













 












 

































 






 

 INVEST NOW 





First-ever, fully-secured mobile data vault! Secure, save, and easily manage personal & business sensitive mobile data with POMM patented, electronic mobile-phone case
















First-ever, fully-secured mobile data vault! Secure, save, and easily manage personal & business sensitive mobile data with POMM patented, electronic mobile-phone caseBiometric authenticationPOMM multi-layered security approach allows access only to its authorized owner via biometric face/palm/in-air gesture authentication capabilitiesPhysiological  protectionPOMM integrated physiological protection sensors monitor access to POMM secure content, blocking access once signs of stress are detected on user’s side Isolated systemPOMM is a secure, isolated and encrypted data depository totally sealed from the Internet/Public Cloud, available 24/7 regardless of Internet or mobile connectivity Secure storage/communicationTo complete POMM's multi-layered security, all stored data and communication is encrypted with cutting-edge hardware technologies and software algorithms 


Download Specsheet

POMM Concept Our natural right for the privacy and security of our mobile data!With hacking and ransomware mobile threats on the rise, POMM moves in to protect mobile data security and privacy.
Soon to be Available on for early-bird online purchase!
POMM – standing for Privacy-on-my-Mind – offers private and business users the highest level of mobile data security; by upgrading Android mobile phones with multistep biometric authentication, physiological protection from coercion, encrypted communication, vast isolated storage and secured applications.
POMM smart electronic add-on case keeps intact all the operational capabilities of the commercial smartphone it is attached to; at the same time adding a secure smart mobile device to store and manage data.
READ MORE ABOUT OUR STORY
MY POMMElectronic case add-on to my personal smartphoneMY POMMTM allows only authorized users quick access 24/7 anywhere to its protected highly isolated large additional data storage area, with no need to access Internet or external clouds.
MY POMMTM integrated biometric & physiological sensors authenticate legitimate user/s, sense physiological/emotional stress and ensure utmost privacy, security and safety of use of the selected sensitive personal and work-related/corporate data.

All day power with POMM TM integrated battery
Secured Apps, no Internet/Public Cloud exposure
Up to 256 GB secured storage

thousands of documents & emails
32,000+ photos
20+ hours of video
18,000 + songs


Secured gallery, contacts, messaging, browsing
Secured passwords safe

POMM secure end-to-end solutions for mobile environmentsSMB & Corporate, Healthcare, Fintech, IoT Automotive industry POMM TM enables secured encrypted data exchange and management with authorized corporate and service provider servers.
POMM TM, as part of a secured system, uses its integrated NFC/USB connections to perform updates from servers, cloud services or other POMM devices. This mode of operation requires dedicated POMM TM software drivers and APIs to encrypt the communication and data exchange with third party servers.
POMM TM, as part of a secured system, is the key/e-token for accessing and using end-to-end proprietary security systems in various verticals:

SMB & Corporate
Healthcare
Fintech
IoT Automotive industry




POMM Uses


GalleryProtects your personal photos and videos from unfriendly eyes
Notes & Passwordsfor your eyes only!
ContactsKeeps the contacts you don’t want to share absolutely PRIVATE
Secured CameraDelivers the pictures and videos you take directly to your private Gallery
MessagesSecure messaging
Secured DialEliminates the smartphone’s wide-open call log
DocsMostly targeting professional users; supported by the POMM’s vast storage capacity, this usage will both protect and organize your private documents, enabling both full privacy and easy management
EmailsGuards your correspondence against intrusive readers
CalendarAllows you to make your plans in perfect privacy

Company Video







POMM Features Video






Articles about POMM




 



Israel’s Cyber Authority Braces for Foreign Involvement in Elections








US official: Russia ‘hacked’ 21 US states in election








Facebook tests new feature to stop people ‘catfishing’ and stealing profile photos








Jayden K Smith: Why you should ignore this Facebook hacker hoax




Meet POMM TeamThe people behind POMM


POMM Inc. experienced team brings to the project an impressive track record of development, production and marketing of electronics and mobile products


Gila FishFounder & ChairmanDavid FreidenbergCEOAvner KormanVP R&DAbby DruePresident & Marketing Manager


Gila Fish
Founder & Chairperson
M.Sc, System Analyst for more than 30 years. An IT Management professional, active Director in Public companies.





David Freidenberg
CEO
MBA, 15 years of experience in executive roles in the IT & telecommunication industry including CEO, VP Sales & business development.





Avner Korman
VP R&D
M.Sc, MBA, 30 years of experience in building & managing Hi-Tech ventures.





Abby Drue
President and marketing strategist
PhD, 40 years of achievements & work experience in the international arenas of marketing strategy, communications and public relations






Contact us















Name




Company Name




Tel #




Email




Message




 Subscribe to our newsletter










































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



























































(626) 219-6351


			Available 24 hours a day 
			7 days a week





















	World-Famous
	Master Painter



WatercolorPaintingsOilPaintingsCommissionedPortaitsCalendarJewelry



Newsletter
Subscribe for More Information
Send us your information, and start receiving our newsletter!













Say Hello: 
Subscribe!









Home |
	Contact  Please contact us with any questions or to purchase Pomm's art or jewelry.
	
Call to make an appointment to visit us in our new location in artistic,
			 Old Town Pasadena, 185 S De Lacey Av, #1050, Pasadena, CA 91105 Tel: (626)219-6351


© 2014 Pomm's Studio, All Rights Reserved















POMM Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:18 PM ET
Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals

Company Overview of POMM Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
POMM Inc. develops and commercializes biometrically authenticated and biosensor-protected privacy solutions for smartphones. It offers POMM (Privacy On My Mind) device, a compact, biometrically secured data depository, attached as an add-on to the personal smartphone, and accessible to no one but its owner. The company offers a rechargeable battery protective case with local built-in secured depository, providing storage of various data and files for user, such as pictures and video gallery, camera, contacts, secured dials, notes, calendars, emails, documents, and others. POMM Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.


985 Citadel Drive N.E.Suite AAtlanta, GA 30324United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 917-300-0651

privatepomm.com







Key Executives for POMM Inc.




Mr. David Freidenberg


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Ms. Abby Drue Ph.D.


      	President
      








Ms. Gila Fish


      	Founder and Chairperson
      








Mr. Avner Korman


      	Vice President of R&D
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

POMM Inc. Key Developments

POMM Inc. - Special Call
Sep 25 16
To discuss their $10 million Title IV Regulation A + Equity Crowdfunding Campaign


POMM Inc. Presents at NIBA Conference, Jun-20-2016
Jun 17 16
POMM Inc. Presents at NIBA Conference, Jun-20-2016 . Venue: Sheraton Times Square Hotel, New York City, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Beyond, Inc. United States 14 South Networks Inc. United States 365 Retail Markets, LLC United States 3ality, Inc. United States 3D Digital Corp. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact POMM Inc., please visit privatepomm.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























POM Incorporated



















































 







POM Incorporated
        





Visiting address
200 South Elmira Avenue
AR 72802
Russellville


Postal address
PO Box: 430

Russellville
 , AR 72811-0430 

United States



Contact
Tel 479-968-2880
Fax 479-968-2840





 



Sign in with LinkedIn
Forgot your password?




Join our community for FREE today!
Create and share your own profile
Join the discussions
Publish your own items
Subscription to our Weekly eNewsletter

your benefits?


Get connected with parking professionals worldwide
 Create your account
Username

E-mail address

Password

Confirm password


Sign in with LinkedIn
Close


FREE membership benefits

* create and share your own profile
* join the discussions
* publish your own items on parking-net.commanage news, jobs, tenders, companies, events, showcases, educations, associations and literature.
* subscribe to our weekly eNewsletter







 Company information


    POM Incorporated is descended from the first parking meter company -- Magee-Hale Park-O-Meter. POM is a privately owned Arkansas corporation and manufactures its housings and electronic mechanisms in a 67,000 sq. ft. facility in Russellville, Arkansas. POM currently meters over 286,000 parking spaces worldwide, is ISO 9001:2000 certified, and integrates with smartcard, wireless, and ticketwriting technology. A leader in product innovation, POM is best known for its dedication to quality and customer service.
    
    





Company information

Headquarters location
            200 South Elmira Avenue
AR 72802
Russellville
            US


Some facts




Solutions
Chip Cards
      
Parking Meters
      
Parking Meters - Accessories
      
Parking Meters - Antique
      
Parking Meters - Bags
      
Parking Meters - History
      
Smart Cards
      





















































































 

POMM Inc. Archives - CIO Story - Business Technology Magazine





























































 


















Home
Digital Magazines
Technology

Big Data
Cloud Computing
IoT
Security


Business Platforms

Cisco
Google
Microsoft
Oracle
Salesforce
SAP


Industry

Automotive
BFSI
Billing Solutions
Education
Government
Legal
Marketing Automation
Retail


Guest Authors
Advertise
 


 








Search
















                Friday, July 28, 2017
            

Advertise







Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.










CIO Story – Business Technology Magazine









 












Home
Digital Magazines




 Digital Magazine 

SAP Technology Special Magazine 2017 




 Digital Magazine 

Billing Solution Technology Special Magazine 2017 




 Digital Magazine 

IoT Technology Special Magazine 2017 




 Digital Magazine 

Retail Technology Special Magazine 2016 




 Digital Magazine 

Education Technology Special Magazine 2016 

 


Technology

 
AllBig DataCloud ComputingIoTSecurity


 Big Data 

Walking the balance beam – why it’s smart to combine specific… 




 IoT 

Data access, the new normal of collection 




 Technology 

The Criticality of Ethics in New Product and Services 




 Cloud Computing 

Some Cloud Best Practices from iTMethods 

 


Business Platforms

 
AllCiscoGoogleMicrosoftOracleSalesforceSAP


 CxO Perspective 

SAP S/4HANA: The Next Big Thing 




 SAP 

Back to the Future: Basics Matter 




 SAP 

Is SAP’s next-generation ERP ready for prime time? 




 CxO Perspective 

SAP HANA is the New Crown Jewel in the SAP Landscape… 

 


Industry

 
AllAutomotiveBFSIBilling SolutionsEducationGovernmentLegalMarketing AutomationRetail


 Automotive 

Tesla Model X earns 5-star in NHSTA safety rating 




 Automotive 

Driverless Car Project ‘mother of all AI projects’, Tim Cook 




 Automotive 

11 Things you probably didn’t know about professional drivers 




 Marketing Automation 

How to use marketing automation to resolve customer query 

 


Guest Authors
Advertise























 





Home  Tags  POMM Inc. 





Tag: POMM Inc.






 IoT 
The Missing Security Layer of IoT

CiOSTORY 0 

  













 Recent Posts 

Vendor Management: It’s a Risky Business


HBO’s Silicon Valley Foreshadows Possible Federal Storyline


Nextnine Takes Gold at IT World Awards


Atmosera Announces Enhanced Managed Azure Services for Public, Private, and Hybrid Cloud Deployments


Whole Foods Market to be acquired By Amazon


For telecom operators, digitization is both a necessity and an opportunity


Tesla Model X earns 5-star in NHSTA safety rating


Driverless Car Project ‘mother of all AI projects’, Tim Cook


Compliance – It’s Not a Dirty Word


Oculeus Bags Gold Medal at IT World Awards for Best IT Solution for Telecommunications


SoftBank targets acquisition of Boston Dynamics


You shouldn’t need to manage your Managed Service Providers!


Walking the balance beam – why it’s smart to combine specific business goal with a common big data engine


Too Much Data, Too Little Time, Yet Too Important to Get Wrong: 5 Demonstrated Practices to Accelerate Your Analysis More Quickly to Actionable Insights


You want “Creative Savings”? START DOING THIS NOW!


He Ain’t Heavy; He’s My Data


11 Things you probably didn’t know about professional drivers


SAP S/4HANA: The Next Big Thing


SAP Technology Special Magazine 2017


How to use marketing automation to resolve customer query


Augmented and Virtual Reality at the Center of Disruption


Digitalization Journey – The BPM-Discipline as Guide to Value


A life of (cyber) crime


3D Printing & Job Creation


Back to the Future: Basics Matter


Data access, the new normal of collection


The Criticality of Ethics in New Product and Services


Is SAP’s next-generation ERP ready for prime time?


Some Cloud Best Practices from iTMethods


The emerging cyber landscape










 
 
 

















Testimonial
About us
Submit Articles
Advertise
Disclaimer
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
 

                    © CIO Story 2014-2017                












 




























