

	POMPA Trademark of P.T. Banju Intan. Serial Number: 73424622 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Smoker's Products
POMPA










 
Get FREE email alerts













POMPA  Trademark Information
 P.T. Banju Intan
Cigarettes




Perfect for these industries

Smoker's Products





Words that describe this mark
cigarettes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the POMPA trademark by P.T. Banju Intan 
                                in Java, , .
Write a review about a product or service associated with this POMPA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner P.T. Banju Intan of the POMPA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the POMPA trademark.
                           






On Thursday, May 05, 1983,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        POMPA by 
                        P.T. Banju Intan, Java.
                        The USPTO has given the POMPA 
                        trademark serial  number of  73424622.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for POMPA is 
                        
                        
                                            Arthur B. Colvin of 
                                            420 Lexington Ave.,  New York NY   10170,  
                                .
                            The POMPA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Smoker's Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for POMPA 
                            is Cigarettes. 
                            





Word mark:
 POMPA


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

8/6/1991



  Serial Number:  
73424622


  Filing Date:  
5/5/1983


 Registration Number:  
1324940 


 Registration Date:  
3/12/1985


 Goods and Services: 
Cigarettes


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/1/1985


Last Applicant/Owner:

P.T. Banju IntanJava
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Arthur B. Colvin
420 Lexington Ave.
New York NY   10170







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (034) - Tobacco; smokers' articles; matches. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/25/1982


First Use In Commerce: 
10/25/1982





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your POMPA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/6/1991
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Arthur B. Colvin


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of POMPA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pompa on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for POMPA 




POMPA is providing Cigarettes.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Mark Pompa, Emcor Group Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Mark Pompa

Exec VP/CFO,
Emcor Group Inc






Career History




Exec VP/CFO
Emcor Group Inc, 1/2007-PRESENT


Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer
Emcor Group Inc, 4/2006-1/2007


Senior VP/Chief Acctg Officer
Emcor Group Inc, 6/2003-4/2006


VP/Controller
Emcor Group Inc, 12/1994-6/2003


VP/Controller
Jwp Inc, 9/1994-12/1994


Show More









Website:
www.emcorgroup.com






Corporate Information
Address:

301 Merritt Seven
Norwalk, CT 06851-1092
United States


Phone:
1-203-849-7800


Fax:
1-203-849-7870


Web url:
www.emcorgroup.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


















































Grundfos Product Center | Grundfos product center







×
Cookie Policy
				At Grundfos we use cookies to remember your choices, and to improve your experience on the Grundfos websites. Use the site as normal if you accept this.

				For more detailed information, please read our full cookie policy.
			


















Product range:  |
					 |
					Language: 


Change settings












ProductCenter






Home
Find product


Size a product by application
Find a suitable pump based on head, flow and application area



Browse product catalogue
Browse by product family, pump design or application area



Guided selection
Find a suitable pump based on head, flow and design



Replace an existing product
Find a Grundfos pump to replace old Grundfos and competitor products



Find a product by liquid
Get product recommendation based on your liquid requirements



Find Service & Solutions
Find a suitable Service product based on your pump solution


Close




                        Compare 
						0

Loading...


Compare
Close


Please add at least two items before comparing.


                        Your projects 
						0

Recently updated projects


See all projects
Close



Saved items
Tools
Pumping Station Creator
Pit Creator
BIM Download Center
Cable Calculator
NPSH Calculator
Pipe Friction Loss Calculator



						Help
Getting started
Tutorials and articles
About...





				1.27.25























 Find products and solutions

Search




Products  
Literature  




Input product number or a whole or partial product name















Sizing

Enter pump sizing
 





Catalogue

Products and services





Replacement

Replace an old pump with a new





Liquids

Find pump by liquid








Quick sizing





Enter duty point:




Select what to size by:


                                Size by application



                                Size by pump design



                                Size by pump family





Start sizing




Advanced sizing:

 Advanced sizing by application


 Guided selection











Replacement

Replace an old pump with a new





Liquids

Find pump by liquid








Sizing result

Edit sizing parameters
Basic sizing parameters

 









curves
list

All suitable results  




 








Batch actions:




Table size:



				Show full width


Sorting:

Sort by











×


Product(s) has been added to saved items


OK









×


Product(s) cannot be added to saved items


OK












Save sizing parameters    
	
Load sizing parameters











×
Save sizing parameters




Name:






Cancel
OK











×
Load sizing parameters





Name
Date modified






Cancel
OK







 Your items





 Your saved items
Sorry! This is only possible when you are logged in.Please use the login link in the top section of the Grundfos Product Center front-page.



 Your recent products










 Popular now


All
Products
Documents








                    show more

























Loading...




	Error calling service: 


details










MARK Product |







































 













Search:


 



MARK Product
menu
Search

Products

All
Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other


News
About

Ethics and Sustainability
Hart Miller
Made in Britain
Meet the team


Contact
 






Mycroftview here >Arrisview here >Universalview here >Sixview here >Netview here >Shaperview here >Millyview here >Flagview here > 





NEW ALF BAR STOOL





Alf / bar stool





Alf / bar stool





Alf / mid height stool







Featured Project




Tate St Ives

 







News at MARK



SHOWROOM MOVE
As the summer break approaches the MARK showroom is moving – but not far – 50 paces around the corner. We’re really excited about our new, larger space – we’ll […]
		19.07.17	


MIXOLOGY AWARD WIN
We’re honoured that our design studio Hart Miller Design have won the highly regarded Design Team of the Year award at the Mix Interior Awards. Founding directors Anna Hart and […]
		20.06.17	


MIXOLOGY DESIGN AWARDS
We pleased that our design studio Hart Miller Design has been shortlisted as a finalist for “Design Team of the Year” for the Mixology17. This nomination recognizes the successful work […]
		17.05.17	





MARK on Instagram
Load More...Follow on Instagram 



See More on Twitter
Amy Isles Freeman @AmyIslesFreemanWorking on some new stools with @MARKProduct, this little one is hopefully settling into its new… https://t.co/Uop8Zo4…08:00, WedRetweeted by MARKReplyRetweetFavouriteMARK @MARKProductAn interesting listen on Radio 4 about our static working practises and obesity

bbc.co.uk/programmes/b08…

now get up and jump around!13:31, TueReplyRetweetFavourite 






MARK Product are designers of contemporary furniture based in Cornwall. All our products are manufactured here in the UK.

About
Stockists
News


MARK Product Ltd.
Showroom
31 Clerkenwell Road
London EC1M 5RN
020 7490 7718
Head Office
Rosemanowes Quarry
Herniss, Penryn
Cornwall, TR10 9DU
enquiries@markproduct.com
+44 (0)1209 860133

Follow MARK on Twitter
Follow MARK on Pinterest
Follow MARK on Instagram
Follow MARK on LinkedIn




Products

Arris
Bosco I
Bosco II
Flag
Fold
Laser
Milly
Mya
Mycroft
Mylar
Mylo
Iso


 

Alf
Net
Piazza
Shaper
Six
Slide
Studio
Type
Universal
Verso
Wave

 

Ranges

Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other




© MARK Product 2016. MARK Product is a trading name of Hart Miller Design Ltd. Company no. 6591744. All Rights Reserved. All intellectual property rights in our designs, products and the images on this website are, and will remain, the property of MARK Product. Any infringement of ours rights will be taken seriously.



















 TSURUMI LH645






 









































































 















09:00 - 18:000850 304 3 880Murat Reis Mah. Nuh Kuyusu Cad. No:297/3info@pompa.market

Talep Listesi
Üst MenüInstagramPinterestLinkedinFoursquareTwitterFacebook









Pompa Market
Pompa almanın kolay yolu


















TSURUMI LH645

Projeye özel olarak fiyatlandırılacaktır!








Profesyonel kullanım için yüksek basınçlı ağır hizmet tipi soğutma ceketli drenaj & çamur pompası. Soğutma ceketi sayesinde 18 cm su seviyesinde dahi sürekli ve sorunsuz çalışabilir.
Ağırlık merkezine konumlandırılmış çıkış ağızı ile dar alanlarda dahi kolay çalışma.
50 m su basıncına dayanımlı gövde ve salmastra.
Debi: 1-178 m³/saat
Basma Yüksekliği: 46-90 m
Kablosuz Ağırlık: 510 kg




150 mm (6”) Çıkış ağzı
Üstten çıkışlı, soğutma ceketli
Ağırlık merkezli çıkış ağzı
Kapalı tip çift fan
Krom-Çelik pompa fanı
Krom-Çelik aşınma halkası
400V / 3~faz / 50Hz
45,00 kW motor gücü
2 kutuplu motor (2900/dak)
Motor koruma rölesi, kuruda çalışma





Teslim süresi ve özel fiyatlarımızı içeren yazılı teklifimiz için, Teklif Formuna ekleyerek e-posta ile göndermenizi rica ederiz.



Sepete Ekle
 

Stok Kodu: 2480703.
Kategoriler: Dalgıç Pompa, Drenaj & Çamur Pompası, LH Serisi, Tsurumi Pompalar.





Açıklama



Ürün Açıklaması
TSURUMI LH645


Profesyonel kullanım için yüksek basınçlı ağır hizmet tipi soğutma ceketli drenaj & çamur pompası. Soğutma ceketi sayesinde 18 cm su seviyesinde dahi sürekli ve sorunsuz çalışabilir. Ağırlık merkezine konumlandırılmış çıkış ağızı.








































cheap mlb jerseys Though the energy content of ethanol fuel is lower than the equivalent volume of gasoline, tax incentives and government subsidies improve the economics of ethanol production (see References 7).. The following tale, "The Three Skaters," fits right into this category. wholesale nba jerseys I am now the 20th most followed person in the world on the site.. cheap nfl jerseys We appreciate our BET Awards nomination committee, over 300 strong, for their efforts and congratulate all the nominees.". That's not surprising. wholesale nba jerseys Irving left the game with a fractured left kneecap after this play that will require surgery and could sideline him for three to four months. wholesale nba jerseys Here's a look at the matchups:Thursday, March 25Washington (11) vs. Additionally, since I was not at the camp, I was unable to pay with CC, and had to pay with cash instead, which meant I had to get additional money wired in. I like my boys with hair, the shaggier (within reason!) the better. Interest rates. Set to drop on June 9, the Air Yeezy II will release both the Platinum and Black colorways in extremely limited numbers at global retailers. http://www.miamidolphinsjerseyspop.com I needed anything, anytime, they give me, he said. We scrambled up into Siq al Barid the gorge into which Little Petra was carved. The government hospital registered him as the victim of a heart attack. cheap jerseys Byrd had hoped to be pursued by the Giants when he was a free agent after the 2013 season, but received an offer from the Phillies that November he couldn't refuse: two years and $16 million. cheap jerseys "It's going to be very important for us to try and develop on the start we've made to this summer," he said. The two sporting giants are going head to head at the 2014 World Cup, spending millions of dollars to endorse athletes, teams and even the official soccer ball. On Friday, Nike's shares popped over 12% and closed at $89.49, a new 52 week high. Government officials said they changed course because Hungary's systems were becoming overwhelmed by the sheer numbers.In Berlin, German officials said they felt it was necessary to take responsibility given Hungary's apparent inability to manage the challenge. cheap Super Bowl jerseys In speaking with our economist, Tom Kontos, and with other economists who cover our industry, they all project improved commercial volumes in 2013. wholesale mlb jerseys  teams compete against other universities at different division levels as part of the NCAA, which governs collegiate basketball games and teams. Policemen hold a motorcycle as one of their colleagues catches fire after being hit by a Molotov cocktail during a protest to mark the eight month anniversary of the Ayotzinapa students' disappearance in Mexico City, May 26, 2015. I'd give Anton an average grade.". cheap Super Bowl jerseys Another circuit breaker manufacturer, Square D, has a long history in the circuit breaker business. cheap nba jerseys Maker Camp takes some of the most memorable experiences of summer camp and organizes them online so that young Makers across the country can join in. cheap nfl jerseys This is probably one reason why every termite colony looks like a supervillain fortress.. wholesale jerseys He declined to confirm that the BND collected blood samples or discuss the agency's methods. wholesalejerseysi Every website you read that at 24 weeks, you should feel your baby moving around like crazy but since feeling my son move and he is a bit heavier than the average 24 weeker in the womb, I would imagine that they mean, he is moving constantly. We have a lot of seasoned Countryfest goers who are looking for something more traditional and we try to keep that in the mix as well.". Walton will be front and center at each of them with his wife of 26 years, Lori, whose first meeting was at least indirectly facilitated by the Grateful Dead. 




403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















Pumps | Standart Pompa







































Skip to main content









Toggle navigation















 

 




Products
Application AreasAgricultural İrrigation and Drainage
Chemical Industries
Fire Fighting
Food and Beverage Industries
Marine
Mining
Building Systems
Heating Cooling Conditioning
Iron and Steel Industries
Oil Industries
Power Plants
Paper and Paper Paste Industries
Waste Water
Water Supply Treatment and Pressurizing

PumpsEco Series
Single Stage Volute Casing
API 610 Heavy Duty Pumps
Single Stage Volute Casing In-Line
Horizontal Multistage
Vertical Multistage
Horizontal Double Suction Split Case
Sewage and Waste Water
Vertical Sump
Horizontal Thermal Oil

Systems

 

 


Pumps




 








 
































Grundfos | The full range supplier of pumps and pump solutions  

















 






Find your product

 
 

Find Product


Product sustainability
Product sustainability


Marketing material
Download marketing material











Select your market area




Buildings

Family Homes

Commercial Buildings

HVAC OEM

District Energy


Industry

Industrial processes

Industrial utilities

System builders & OEMs


Water

Water Utility

Water treatment solutions

Developing world water solutions

Irrigation and agriculture

Emerging Water Technologies

Solar Water Solutions


All industries

All applications





Cases
Grundfos stories



Find case


One small box saves the day - twice - in pump system solution

At California organic vineyard, pump is key part of sustainability

Luxury hotel cuts energy in half and keeps comfort at 100%

When Kraków Arena is full, here's what works behind the scenes


Ningbo doses safely and accurately for 1.5 million citizens

How an old treatment plant became one of Poland's best

Water ATMs offer low-priced water to Nairobi's poorest residents

Distributor: We're proud the market identifies us with Grundfos


Mozzarella plant reuses its process wastewater, turning waste into resource

Danish bank doubles its return on energy investment

In cold, remote Alps, heating engineer wants reliability

How a Belgian hospital can grow 40% without growing energy use

Waterworks cuts energy by a third with real-time pressure adjustments











Service & support
Spare parts & Service kits
Repair & Maintenance
Installation & Operation
Optimisation & Consultancy
Surveillance & Mobility

Circle of trust



Find service offering
Find service offering
Recommended spare parts


Encyclopedia
Encyclopedia search



Support
FAQ


Grundfos Product Center/Grundfos GO support
Grundfos Product Center Support
GRUNDFOS GO Support



Contact us
Contact











Training
Ecademy


Search and sizing tool
Grundfos Product Center











Our company
We care
News & media
Doing business with us

Our company

Our values and purpose
Group Management, Structure and Ownership
Milestones
be think innovate
The Poul Due Jensen Foundation
Group Policies


Sustainability

Sustainability is our business 
Water is our passion
Social responsibility
Ethics and integrity
Water2life


News & media

News
Social media
Reports & magazines
Image gallery
Media contact


Doing business with us

Chemical Compliance - Focus List
Electronic Data Interchange (SAP R3) 
Marking and packaging of goods
Supplier code of conduct





Find available jobs
Career



Open Positions Globally


Professionals
Working at Grundfos
Recruitment
Graduate Programme
Students
Our locations
FAQ















Contact your local sales company
How to buy















































































































































Learn more about SCALA2
















Grundfos Product Center
Search and sizing tool to help you make the right choice




Extranet
Easy product ordering
















		Quick links











Products
Find the right product for your need
Find products











Service
Find information on the Grundfos service offerings
Service information












Think system. Think optimisation. 
Want to improve energy efficiency in your water supply system with up to 50%? Take a closer look at the SP system – a complete solution with all components designed to work perfectly together.  









GRUNDFOS FOR ENGINEERS
Know-how, expert insights and engineering tools to ease your day
Grundfos for Engineers is designed to support you in specifying pumps and enhance your expertise by delivering industry knowledge, insights on system design, as well as cases, films, tools and more.









GRUNDFOS FOR INSTALLERS
We have handpicked everything we have developed that makes your workday easier. Visit our online area for installers where you can find tools, training and more.









USE YOUR TALENT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE.

Join Grundfos and start putting your energy and skills into confronting the world’s water challenges. We are looking for candidates, who want to make a real difference. Apply now for your next great opportunity.










Latest News



04/07/2017
Innovative technology solves problem for farmers 
Advanced filtration method makes it possible to extract water from biogas digestate and slurry, so that it can return to nature and remaining nutrients be recovered. Grundfos BioBooster’s Membrane...




27/06/2017
Innovative partnership brings safe, sustainable water access to 1.5 million people
Renewable energy and water innovation will play pivotal parts, when ADRA International and Grundfos join forces to reach people all over the globe with safe and sustainable water.




16/06/2017
Employees learn about ethics at Grundfos
To uphold the company values and ethical standards, Grundfos employees are being taught how to comply with the guiding principles found in the company’s Code of Conduct.




13/06/2017
Italian top performer awarded supplier of the year 
Due to outstanding service, quality and a strong competitive position, Mollificio Mantovano receives Grundfos Supplier Award 2016. For almost ten years the Italian company has provided Grundfos with...



» See all news stories










×
Country selector










×
Modal title




Close



















ï¿½











×
Modal Header


Some text in the modal.


Close














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














mark pompa - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Mark Pompa Revealed - Want Info on Mark Pompa?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Mark Pompa? Just Search A Name and State.




Find Mark Pompa Records | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Mark Pompa



Have Information at Your Fingertips Instantly. Try PeopleLooker Today!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Mark& on eBay - Great deals on Mark&.



Ad
 ·
www.ebay.com



Great deals on Mark&. Buy It New, Buy It Used, Buy It Now


ebay.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(1,608 reviews)















2014 ARCA Racing Series




Nicolopoulos Joe Walsh Tim Viens Chevrolet 00 Brad Smith Tom Woodin Tim Viens Wayne Peterson Billy Alger Con Nicolopoulos ChevroletFordDodge 06 Ed Pompa Joey Gattina James Swanson Tim Viens Steve

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

The 2 Near-Death Experiences That Changed Mark Bertolini ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/mark-bertolini-pioneers_us_56f2aa80e4...


Before Mark Bertolini became the chief executive of the country's biggest health insurer, before he was celebrated by business publications for being an " ...


Mark Bertolini | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/mark-bertolini


The 2 Near-Death Experiences That Changed Mark Bertolini Forever By Alexander C. Kaufman. Bloomberg via Getty Images. BUSINESS.


EMCOR Group, Inc. to Speak at D.A. Davidson Engineering ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/09/04/emcor-group-inc-to...


An archived version of the audio presentation will be available for a period of two weeks. EMCOR Group, Inc. is a Fortune 500® worldwide leader in mechanical and ...


Arianna Interviews Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini On De ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/huff-tv/arianna-interviews-aetna-ceo-mark...


Guest-hosting CNBC's 'Squawk Box' on Tuesday morning, Arianna interviewed Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini about "his mission - to bring the mindfulness benefits...


Mark Zuckerberg - Facebook, Acquisitions | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/mark-zuckerberg


Mark Zuckerberg news, photos and opinion. ... Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


Mark Foley's Longtime Partner Dies: Report | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/23/mark-foley-partner-dies_n...


WASHINGTON -- Layne Nisenbaum, the longtime partner of former Rep. Mark Foley (R-Fla.), died Thursday. Nisenbaum, 53, was waiting for a liver transpla...


Mark Consuelos Opens Up About The First Time He Laid Eyes ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/22/mark-consuelos-kelly-ripa_n...


Mark Consuelos can remember the exact moment he first came into contact with his wife Kelly Ripa, but, as it turns out, getting a date with her wasn't th...


Mark Thompson, Who Allegedly Raped And Killed Goat While ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/.../mark...bath-salts-not-guilty_n_1893893.html


Mark Thompson, Who Allegedly Raped And Killed Goat While High On Bath Salts, Pleads Mental Illness


Mark Hyman MD - Breaking News, U.S. and World News

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/Mark Hyman MD


You are being redirected.


Mark Wahlberg Finally Sells Beverly Hills Home (PHOTOS ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/03/mark-wahlberg-house_n_4033634.html


Mark Wahlberg is many things: actor, director, producer, and yes, a homeowner who tried to sell a home in Beverly Hills for literally half a decade. Well...










Mark Pompa Revealed - Want Info on Mark Pompa?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Mark Pompa? Just Search A Name and State.




Find Mark Pompa Records | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Mark Pompa



Have Information at Your Fingertips Instantly. Try PeopleLooker Today!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Mark& on eBay - Great deals on Mark&.



Ad
 ·
www.ebay.com



Great deals on Mark&. Buy It New, Buy It Used, Buy It Now


ebay.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(1,608 reviews)



Searches related tomark pompa



tony guzzi salary




12345Next

Related Searches



tony guzzi salary




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          













Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















