




Ponderosa GY Joint Venture - Oil and Gas- Kincaid  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Ponderosa GY Joint Venture

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    13140 Coit Road  
    Dallas, TX, 75240Phone: (214) 217-0700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William Kincaid 
 Executive 





















 


Google FordítóAdatvédelmi emlékeztető a Google-tólÁttekintés mostKésőbb olvasom elSaját fiókKeresésTérképYouTubeHírekGmailDriveNaptárGoogle+FordítóFényképekEgyebekDokumentumokBloggerCímtárHangoutsKeepTovábbiak a Google-tólBejelentkezésAlap HTML betöltése (lassú kapcsolat esetén)FordítóAzonnali fordítás kikapcsolásaangolmagyarnémetNyelvfelismerésNyelvfelismerés—afrikaansalbánamharaangolarabazerbajdzsánibaszkbeloruszbengálibolgárbosnyákburmaicebuanochichewacsehdáneszperantóésztfilippínófinnfranciafrízgalíciaigöröggrúzgudzsarátihaiti kreolhauszahawaiihéberhindihmonghollandhorvátigboindonézírizlandijapánjávaijiddisjorubakannadakatalánkazahkhmerkínaikirgizkoreaikorzikaikurdlaolatinlengyellettlitvánluxemburgimacedónmagyarmalagaszimalájmalajálammáltaimaorimaráthimongolnémetnepálinorvégolaszoroszörménypandzsábipastuperzsaportugálrománshonaskót-gaelspanyolsvédszamoaiszerbszindhiszinhalaszlovákszlovénszomáliszotoszuahéliszundanéztadzsiktamilteluguthaitörökukránurduüzbégvietnamiwalesixhosazulu magyarangolnémetafrikaansalbánamharaangolarabazerbajdzsánibaszkbeloruszbengálibolgárbosnyákburmaicebuanochichewacsehdáneszperantóésztfilippínófinnfranciafrízgalíciaigöröggrúzgudzsarátihaiti kreolhauszahawaiihéberhindihmonghollandhorvátigboindonézírizlandijapánjávaijiddisjorubakannadakatalánkazahkhmerkínai (egyszerűsített)kínai (hagyományos)kirgizkoreaikorzikaikurdlaolatinlengyellettlitvánluxemburgimacedónmagyarmalagaszimalájmalajálammáltaimaorimaráthimongolnémetnepálinorvégolaszoroszörménypandzsábipastuperzsaportugálrománshonaskót-gaelspanyolsvédszamoaiszerbszindhiszinhalaszlovákszlovénszomáliszotoszuahéliszundanéztadzsiktamilteluguthaitörökukránurduüzbégvietnamiwalesixhosazulu Szöveg vagy weboldal lefordításaTúllépte a maximális karakterszámot Írjon be szöveget, adjon meg webhelycímet vagy fordítson le egy dokumentumot.Mégse TOVÁBBI SZÖVEG FORDÍTÁSA   Google Fordító cégeknek:Fordítói EszközökWebhelyfordító A dokumentum vagy weboldal lefordításához húzza ide a fájlt vagy linket.A weboldal lefordításához húzza ide a linket.A behúzott fájlt típusát nem támogatjuk. Próbáljon egy másik típusú fájlt behúzni!A behúzott link típusát nem támogatjuk. Próbáljon egy másik típusú linket behúzni!A Google Fordító névjegyeKözösségMobilA Google-rólAdatvédelem és Szerződési FeltételekSúgóVisszajelzés küldése  



  Ponderosa offers a taste of nature and luxury | Westcoast Homes & Design Magazine
















































Subscribe to RSS    Follow us on Twitter

About Us
Advertising
Past Issues
Subscribe
Contact Us
 























Home
Featured Homes

For Sale
New Homes
Recreational, Resort & Investment Properties
Resale
Videos


Design

Design Trends
Floor Plans
Hot Products
Kitchen
Outdoor Living


Lifestyle

Behind The Wheel
Food & Entertaining


Renovations

DIY
Best of…


Communities

Burnaby
Chilliwack
Coquitlam
Ladner
Langley
Lions Bay
Maple Ridge
New Westminster
North Vancouver
Okanagan
Pitt Meadows
Port Coquitlam
Port Moody
Richmond
Squamish
Surrey
Tsawwassen
Vancouver
Vancouver Island
West Vancouver
Whistler
White Rock


Advice & Opinions

State of the Industry
UDI
Mortgages


 




July 31, 2013
Ponderosa offers a taste of nature and luxury

Joint venture helped save Okanagan community that had been devastated by fires
The Trails
Project location: 4000 Ponderosa Place, Peachland
Project size/scope: 69 two- and three-bedroom townhomes in 17 buildings on a seven-acre bench above the Okanagan town of Peachland. 3.5 hrs. to Vancouver.
Prices: Two bedroom and den (1301 sq. ft) $299,000; 2 bedroom (1239 sq. ft) from $309,000-$329,000; 2 bedroom walkout rancher (1,567 sq. ft/) $375,000-$469,000; 3 bedroom (1430-1932 sq. ft) from $399,000 to $525,000.
Strata fees: from $161 to $253 monthly
Contact: Julia Debolt
Telephone: 250-864-2400
Email: info@ponderosaliving.ca
Builder and developer: Ponderosa Peachland Development LP
Architect: New Town Architecture, Kelowna
Interior Design: Ponderosa Peachland Development LP
Presentation Centre: #64 5500 Clement Crescent, 12 noon to 5 p.m. daily. Show Home Address: 4000 Ponderosa Place, 12-5 p.m. daily
Occupancy: October 2013, with all units completed by July 2014
MICHAEL BERNARD
special to the Sun
It isn’t often that a developer can lay claim to saving a town but through some luck and timing, Richmond-based Treegroup Inc.’s Ponderosa development played just that role last fall.
The 400-acre residential development was in the midst of shaping the golf course at the centre of the new community when winds and dry conditions whipped a nearby forest fire into a raging inferno, forcing the rapid evacuation of 1,500 people from the west Okanagan Lake town of Peachland, 380 kilometres east of Vancouver.
As it turned out, the logging and excavating for the golf course’s ninth hole saved the day, says Peachland Mayor Keith Fielding. “It acted as a firebreak,” Fielding said this week. “If that excavated area had not been in place, the fire would have come up the ravine and crossed over to the major section of town and would have been significantly more dangerous.”
Even before last fall’s fire, the new community called Ponderosa had been yielding benefits to the tiny lakeside town of 5,000 located about 30 minutes south of Kelowna. The $1-billion development is the brainchild of Treegroup, which has been developing real estate in Metro Vancouver, the B.C. Interior and Washington State for 25 years. It is proving to be one of the best things to ever happen to Peachland.
Ironically, it was another fire in October 2005 that destroyed the much-loved Ponderosa golf course clubhouse and hastened Peachland’s entry into an new era of residential development and resort amenities. Previous developers had proposed building a subdivision in the area on a much smaller parcel of land. However, Peachland rejected their plans because it didn’t include developing the homes and resurrecting the golf course, so important to the district’s tourism and economic development.
Treegroup stepped in and began to assemble sufficient land to do both. In 2009, it reached an innovative Crown land deal with the Westbank First Nation that made the First Nation a joint venture partner and gave Ponderosa the critical mass it needed — about 400 acres in total — to proceed with the phased development.
At the centre of Ponderosa is a 7,100-yard golf course designed by Australian golfing legend Greg Norman. Ponderosa’s first phase is a collection of 69 two- and three-bedroom townhomes grouped around the fourth hole. Most of the homes will have views of Lake Okanagan, says Keith Funk, who led his firm New Town Architecture’s creation of a master plan for the new residential community wrapped around Pincushion Mountain above the town.
“We needed to work in such a way that the real estate, which pays for the golf course, supported but didn’t undermine the value of the course, say by encroaching on the fairways,” said Funk, a former city planner for the cities of Calgary and Kelowna.
Sales of the Craftsman-style homes, designed by Funk’s partner Patrick McCusker, have been brisk, with more than two thirds of them being snapped up in the past several months. The townhomes feature nine-foot or higher ceilings, expansive decks and patios, Whirlpool stainless steel appliances with an option to upgrade to KitchenAid or Viking, and granite countertops in the kitchens and bathrooms. In the main living areas are wide-plank engineered floors and Napoleon gas fireplaces with stone surrounds. A bonus is that all homes have the option of economical geo-thermal heating and cooling.
The Trails is the first phase of the Ponderosa master plan that includes a mix of different housing types. Eventually, the new community will expand to more than 2,400 homes, effectively doubling Peachland’s population of 5,000 over the next 20 years. Clearing has already begun for the next phase called The Pines, a collection of 130 single family homes overlooking the soon-to-be developed village centre, next to the golf clubhouse.
The village will include a skating plaza, an amphitheatre, commercial buildings and a hotel, said Funk. The skating rink will convert to a market during the summer months. Also part of the village is a two-acre winery and destination restaurant that will feature wine tastings. Funk says affordable housing is a significant social issue in the Okanagan and Ponderosa’s master plan requires 10 per cent of all the housing fit within an affordable housing package.
“It is based on 80 per cent of the median income in the Okanagan,” said Funk. “If you are a family earning in the mid-$50,000 range, we have a housing product for you.” Many of the buyers come from the Okanagan Valley, Metro Vancouver and Alberta, says sales spokeswoman Julia Debolt. Among them are John and Maureen Goodrick, who recently purchased a 1,932-square-foot three bedroom unit with a view of the lake.
“We’re in the process of a change in lifestyle and we’re trying to downsize our lives,” Goodrick said. “We own a home in Maple Ridge and we own a home in Indio, Calif. What we wanted was a lock-and-leave situation in British Columbia where we can go south in the winter.” He and Maureen were attracted to the architecture and interior design touches of the Ponderosa townhouse.
“We don’t like a home to be chopped up into little rooms, and alcoves and cubby holes. It’s a very open design. You can sit in the great room and almost converse with anyone anywhere in the house.” Straddling Highway 97, Peachland is well-situated to reach any of the numerous amenities for which the valley is famous, including skiing at Apex Alpine, Silver Star and Big White, wineries north and south, public beaches and good trout fishing in a chain of local lakes.
Fielding notes that Ponderosa, along with another planned development, has come along at a critical point. “If we didn’t have these (developments), just to maintain our existing services we would have had to triple our taxes,” he said. Instead, Peachland is looking forward to using the new amenity fund to pay for a variety of additional services including — to no one’s surprise — new fire trucks.


Read more from  Communities, Okanagan




Comments are closed.




SEARCH





 


SUMMER 2017 ISSUE 

 
































Westcoast Homes & Design © 2011-2016 HomesandDesign.ca part of The Vancouver Sun Sites,
		    a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Statement  |  Terms and Conditions  |  Copyright & Permissions






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Arizona Joint Tax Declaration | WikiForm























































 











Legal Forms

Bankruptcy Forms
Bill of Sale
Divorce
Living Wills
Name Change Forms
Power of Attorney
Purchase and Sale Agreements
Real Estate


Secretary of State Forms
Application Forms

Credit Card Applications
Gas Credit Card Applications
Job Applications


Affidavit Forms
Submit a Form
Donate









 Arizona Joint Tax Declaration






Find Forms













Homepage > Tax > Arizona Tax > Arizona Joint Tax Declaration
Donate to Wikiform Non-profit


 
Arizona Joint Tax Declaration
Use the Arizona Joint Tax Declaration to license new business and  change ownership.
Download

http://www.azdor.gov/LinkClick.aspx?fileticket=NhqcEr38FAA%3d&tabid=264&mid=868

Recommended

   



Preview
 New
 Change
 Revise
 Reopen
go to






ARIZONA JOINT TAX APPLICATION
JT-1/UC-001 (7/11)
Section A: Taxpayer Information (Print legibly or type the information on this application.)
4. Legal Business Name / Owner / Employing Unit *
5. Business or “Doing Business As” Name *
8. Mailing Address (Street, City, State, ZIP code) *
10. Email Address
12. Physical Location of Business (Street, City, State, ZIP code) Do not use PO Box or Route No. *
11. Is your business located on an Indian Reservation?
ADOR 10194 (7/11)
For additional business locations, complete Section B-12
Bonding Requirements: Prior to the issuance of a Transaction Privilege Tax license, new or out-of-state contractors are required to post a Taxpayer Bond
for Contractors, unless the Contractor qualifi es for an exemption from the bonding requirement. The primary type of contracting being performed determines
the amount of bond to be posted. Bonds may also be required from applicants who are delinquent in paying Arizona taxes or have a history of delinquencies.
For more information on bonding, please see the “Taxpayer Bonds” publication, which is available online or at the Department of Revenue offi ces.
9. Country
A. Name (Last, First, MI) * B. Soc. Sec. No. * C. Title * E. Complete Residence Address * F. Phone Number *
7. Fax Number
IMPORTANT: Incomplete applications WILL NOT BE PROCESSED. All required
information is designated with asterisk * To complete this application see attached instructions. Please return Complete
application with appropriate license fee(s) to: License & Registration Section,
Department of Revenue, PO BOX 29032, Phoenix AZ 85038-9032.
To complete this online,
1. License Type (Check all that apply) *
Transaction Privilege Tax (TPT)
Withholding/Unemployment Tax (if hiring employees)
Use Tax
TPT For Cities ONLY
3. Federal Employer Identifi cation Number (Required for Employers and
Entities other than Sole Proprietors) or Social Security Number *
Individual / Sole Proprietorship Sub-Chapter S Corporation
Partnership Association
Professional Limited Liability Trust
Limited Liability Company Government
Limited Liability Partnership Estate
Corporation Joint Venture
State of Inc. Receivership
Date of Inc.
2. Type of Ownership *
Tax exempt organizations must attach a copy of the Internal Revenue Service letter of determination.
6. Business Phone Number *
Yes If yes, (See Section G for listing of Reservations)
No
13. County
14. Are you a construction contractor? *
Yes
No
(See Bonding Requirements below)
15. Did you acquire, or change the legal form of business of, all or part of an existing business? *
Yes
No
If yes, you must complete the Unemployment Tax Information (Section D)
16. Description of Business (Must include type of merchandise sold or taxable activity; for employers, the type of employment) *
18. Identifi cation of Owner, Partners, Corporate Offi cers, Members / Managing Members or Offi cials of this employing unit
17. NAICS Code: (Select at least one. Go to www.aztaxes.gov for a listing of codes) *
If the owner, partners, corporate offi cers or combination of partners or corporate offi cers, members and/or managing members own more than 50% of or
control another business in Arizona, attach a list of the businesses, percentages owned and unemployment insurance account numbers.
www.aztaxes.gov
D. % Owned *
THIS BOX FOR AGENCY USE ONLY
Acct. No. LIAB
Start LIAB Est.
S/E Date
DLN
TPT
WH 4
JT-1/UC-001 (7/11)
Jan Feb Mar Apr
If yes, please check the months in which you intend to do business:
Section B: Transaction Privilege Tax (TPT)
1. Date Business Started in Arizona *
5. TPT Filing Method
2. Date Sales Began *
6. Does your business sell tobacco products?
3. What is your anticipated annual income for your fi rst twelve months of business?
7. Does your business sell new motor vehicle tires or
vehicles?
Cash Receipts
Accrual


Yes
No


If yes, Retailer 
 Distributor
No
Yes

 (You will be required to fi le a TR-1.)
8. Are you a seasonal fi ler?
  Yes No
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
9. Location of Tax Records (Street Address, City, State and ZIP code) Do not use PO Box or Route No. *
10. Name of Company or Person to Contact
For additional locations, complete the following: (If more space is needed, please attach additional sheets)
12. “Doing Business As” Name for this Location
11. Phone Number
14. Physical Location Address (Do not use PO Box or Route No.)
15. City
19. “Doing Business As” Name for this Location
13. Phone Number
16. County 17. State 18. ZIP code
21. Physical Location Address (Do not use PO Box or Route No.)
22. City 23. County 24. State 25. ZIP code
20. Phone Number
4. Business Classes (Select at least one. See Section H for a listing of business classes on page 4) *
Section C: Program Cities / License Fees Below is a list of cities and towns licensed by the Arizona Department of Revenue.
Benson BS 5.00
Bisbee BB 1.00
Buckeye BE 2.00
Camp Verde CE 2.00
Carefree CA 10.00
Casa Grande CG 2.00
Cave Creek CK 20.00
Chino Valley CV 2.00
Clarkdale CD 2.00
Clifton CF 2.00
Colorado City CC 2.00
Coolidge CL 2.00
Cottonwood CW 2.00
Dewey/Humboldt DH 2.00
Duncan DC 2.00
Eagar EG 10.00
El Mirage EM 15.00
Eloy EL 10.00
Florence FL 2.00
Fountain Hills FH 2.00
Fredonia FD 10.00
Gila Bend GI 2.00
Gilbert GB 2.00
Globe GL 2.00
Goodyear GY 5.00
Guadalupe GU 2.00
No. of
Loc
Fee
Hayden HY 5.00
Holbrook HB 1.00
Huachuca City HC 2.00
Jerome JO 2.00
Kearny KN 2.00
Kingman KM 2.00
Lake Havasu LH 5.00
Litchfi eld Park LP 2.00
Mammoth MH 2.00
Marana MA 5.00
Maricopa MP 2.00
Miami MM 2.00
Oro Valley OR 12.00
Page PG 2.00
Paradise Valley PV 2.00
Parker PK 2.00
Patagonia PA 25.00
Payson PS 2.00
Pima PM 2.00
Pinetop/Lakeside PP 2.00
Prescott Valley PL 2.00
Quartzsite QZ 2.00
Queen Creek QC 2.00
Safford SF 2.00
Sahuarita SA 5.00
San Luis SU 2.00
Total of City Fees:
Show Low SL 2.00
Sierra Vista SR 1.00
Snowfl ake SN 2.00
South Tucson ST 2.00
Springerville SV 5.00
St. Johns SJ 2.00
Star Valley SY 2.00
Superior SI 2.00
Surprise SP 10.00
Taylor TL 2.00
Thatcher TC 2.00
Tolleson TN 2.00
Tombstone TS 1.00
Tusayan TY 2.00
Wellton WT 2.00
Wickenburg WB 2.00
Williams WL 2.00
Winkelman WM 2.00
Winslow WS 10.00
Youngtown YT 10.00
Yuma YM 2.00
No. of City/Town Code
Loc
City/Town Code Fee No. of
Loc
City/Town Code Fee
State Fees $12.00 X _____ Number of Locations:
TOTAL Fees:
Total Total Total
Please Note: City fees are subject to change (go to our website
for updates). For cities not listed above, please contact the cities
directly. Your license will not be issued until all fees are paid.
OR
Page 2
ADOR 10194 (7/11)11. Name(s) of Previous Owner(s) *
13. Current Mailing Address of Previous Owner(s) (Street, City, State, ZIP code)
14. Current Telephone Number of Previous Owner(s)
Voluntary Election of Unemployment Insurance Coverage (subject to Unemployment Tax Offi ce approval).
JT-1/UC-001 (7/11)
8. Date Acquired or Date
Legal Form of Business
changed *
Complete this section if you acquired, or changed the legal form of business of, all or part of an existing Arizona business.
Part
 All

Purchase
Lease


If other, including change
in legal form of business,
explain:
 Other
12. Business Name of Previous Owner(s) *
15. Unemployment Account Number of Previous Owner(s)
A. Be deemed an employer subject to Title 23, Chapter 4, Arizona Revised Statutes, to the same extent as all other such employers and provide
unemployment insurance coverage to my workers performing services defi ned by law as employment, even though I have not met conditions
requiring me to provide such coverage.

B. Extend unemployment insurance coverage to workers referred to in item 2, above, by having the services they perform be deemed to constitute.
Employment by an employer subject to Title 23, Chapter 4, A.R.S.

YEAR 2ND QUARTER 3RD QUARTER 4TH QUARTER
YEAR
JULY AUGUST SEPTEMBER OCTOBER NOVEMBER DECEMBER
Section D: Withholding/Unemployment Tax Information
JANUARY FEBRUARY MARCH APRIL MAY JUNE
YEAR
6. Record of Arizona wages paid by calendar quarter for current and preceding calendar year.
7. Weekly record of number of persons performing services in Arizona for current and preceding calendar year.
1ST QUARTER
10. Acquired by *
If part, to obtain an unemployment tax rate based on the
business’s previous account you must request it no later than 180 days after the
date entered in item 8 of this section. See instructions.
16. The applicant, on behalf of the employing unit, voluntarily elects beginning January 1 of the current calendar year or the date employment started, if later, and
continuing for not less than two calendar years, to:
Previous Owner Information or Previous Legal Form of Busness Information (See instructions.)
9. Acquired, or Changed Legal Form of Business of, *
Page 3
3. Are individuals performing services that are excluded from
withholding or unemployment tax?
Yes
No


2. Are you liable for Federal Unemployment Tax?
Yes
No


If yes, what was the fi rst year of liability?
4. Do you have an IRS Ruling that grants an exclusion
from Federal Unemployment Tax?
Yes
No


If yes, attach a copy of the Ruling Letter.
Year
If yes, describe the services:
1. Date Employees
First Hired in Arizona. *
5. Do you have or have you previously had an Arizona Unemployment Tax Number?
Yes
 No
 If yes, Business Name
Unemployment Number
ADOR 10194 (7/11)JT-1/UC-001 (7/11)
Section G: Indian Reservation Codes
Ak-Chin (Pinal) PNA Hopi (Coconino) COJ Pascua-Yaqui (Maricopa) MAN Tohono O’dham (Pinal) PNT
Cocopah (Yuma) YMB Hopi (Navajo) NAJ Pascua-Yaqui (Pima) PMN Tonto Apache (Gila) GLU
Colorado River (La Paz) LAC Hualapai (Coconino) COK Salt River Pima-Maricopa (Mar.) MAO White Mtn Apache (Apache) APD
Fort McDowell-Yavapai (Mar.) MAE Hualapai (Mohave) MOK San Carlos Apache (Gila) GLP White Mtn Apache (Gila) GLD
Fort Mohave (Mohave) MOF Kaibab-Paiute (Coconino) COL San Carlos Apache (Graham) GRP White Mtn Apache (Graham) GRD
Fort Yuma-Quechan (Yuma) YMG Kaibab-Paiute (Mohave) MOL San Carlos Apache (Pinal) PNP White Mtn Apache (Navajo) NAD
Gila River (Maricopa) MAH Navajo (Apache) APM San Juan Southern Paiute (Coco.) COQ Yavapai Apache (Yavapai) YAW
Gila River (Pinal) PNH Navajo (Coconino) COM Tohono O’Odham (Maricopa) MAT Yavapai Prescott (Yavapai) YAX
Havasupai (Coconino) COI Navajo (Navajo) NAM Tohono O’Odham (Pima) PMT
Indian Reservation
(County) Code Indian Reservation
(County) Code Indian Reservation
(County) Code Indian Reservation
(County) Code
This application must be signed by either a sole owner, partners, corporate offi cer, managing member, the trustee, receiver or personal representative of an estate.
Under penalty of perjury I (we), the applicant, declare that the information provided on this application is true and correct. I (we) hereby authorize the security
administrator, if one is listed in Section E, to access the AZTaxes.gov site for the business identifi ed in Section A. This authority is to remain in full force and effect until
the Arizona Department of Revenue has received written termination notifi cation from an authorized offi cer.
Type or Print Name
Section F: Signature(s) by individuals legally responsible for the business (required)
Type or Print Name
Title
Title
Signature
Signature
Date
Date
THIS APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED, SIGNED AND RETURNED AS PROVIDED BY ARS § 23-722
Equal Opportunity Employer/Program  This document available in alternative formats by contacting the UI Tax Offi ce.
Section E: AZTaxes.gov Security Administrator (Authorized User)
1. Authorized Users Last Name
3. Authorized Users Title
5. Authorized Users Email Address
2. Authorized Users First Name
4. Authorized Users Social Security Number
6. Authorized Users Phone Number
Section H: Business Classes
Mining – Nonmetal 002 Commercial Lease 013 Use Tax – Utilities 026 Jet Fuel Tax 049
Utilities 004 Personal Property Rental 014 Rental Occupancy Tax 028 Jet Fuel Use Tax 051
Communications 005 Contracting – Prime 015 Use Tax Purchases 029 Rental Car Surcharge 053/055
Jet Fuel Tax > 10 million
Transporting 006 Retail 017 Use Tax from Inventory 030 gallons 056
Severance –
Private Car – Pipeline 007/008 Metalliferous Mining 019 Telecommunications Devices 033 Use Tax Direct Payments 129
Severance – Timbering 911 Wireless 911 Wireline
Publication 009 Ponderosa 021 Telecommunications 036 Telecommunications 131
Severance – Timbering Rental Car Surcharge –
Job Printing 010 Other 022 Contracting – Owner Builder 037 Stadium 153
Recreational Vehicle
Restaurants and Bars 011 Surcharge 023 Municipal Water 041
Amusement 012 Transient Lodging 025 Membership Camping 047
Business Class Code Business Class Code Business Class Code Business Class Code
 I Elect to Register to use aztaxes.gov to fi le and pay online.
 I DO NOT Elect to Register to use aztaxes.gov to fi le and pay online.
By electing to register for www.aztaxes.gov you can have online access to account information, and fi le and pay Arizona transaction, use, and
withholding taxes. You also designate authorized users to access these services.
Page 4
ADOR 10194 (7/11)JT-1/UC-001 (7/11)
USE THIS APPLICATION TO:
• License New Business: A new business with no previous
owners.
• Change Ownership: If acquiring or succeeding to all or part of
an existing business or changing the legal form of your business
(sole proprietorship to corporation, etc.).
If you need to update a license, add a business location, get
a copy of your license or make other changes: Complete a
Transaction Privilege Tax License Update form and include
fees of $12 per location.
Section A: TAXPAYER INFORMATION
1. LICENSE TYPE
Transaction Privilege Tax (TPT): Anyone involved in an activity
taxable under the TPT statutes must apply for a TPT License
before engaging in business.
For TPT, you are required to obtain and display a separate license
certifi cate for each business or rental location. This may be
accomplished in one of the following ways:
Each location may be licensed as a separate business with a
separate license number for purposes of reporting transaction
privilege and use taxes individually. Therefore a separate
application is needed for each location.
Multiple locations may be licensed under a consolidated license
number, provided the ownership is the same, to allow fi ling of a
single tax return. If applying for a new license, list the various
business locations as instructed below. If already licensed
and you are adding locations, do not use this application to
consolidate an existing license. Please submit update form.
Withholding & Unemployment Taxes: Employers paying wages
or salaries to employees for services performed in the State must
apply for a Withholding number & Unemployment number.
Use Tax: Out-of-state vendors (that is, vendors with no Arizona
location) making direct sales into Arizona must obtain a Use Tax
Registration Certifi cate. In-state vendors making out-of-state
purchases for their own use (and not for resale) must also obtain
the Use Tax Registration Certifi cate.
TPT for cities only: This type of license is needed if your
business activity is subject to city TPT that is collected by the
state, but the activity is not taxed at the state level. Many of the
larger cities in Arizona administer and collect their own privilege
taxes. Please contact those cities directly to obtain information
regarding licensing requirements.
2. TYPE OF OWNERSHIP
Check as applicable. A corporation must provide the state and
date of incorporation.
3. Enter your Federal Employer Identifi cation number.
• Taxpayers are required to provide their taxpayer identifi cation
number (TIN) on all returns and documents. A TIN is defi ned as
the federal employer identifi cation number (EIN), or social security
number (SSN) depending upon how income tax is reported. The
EIN is required for all employers. A penalty of $5 will be assessed
by the Department of Revenue for each document fi led without a
TIN.
4. Enter the Legal Business Name of the Owner or Employing
Unit (name of corporation as listed in its articles of incorporation,
or individual & spouse, or partners, or organization owning or
controlling the business).
5. Enter the name of the Business/DBA (doing business as)
Name. If same as above, enter “same.”
6. Enter the business telephone number including area code.
7. Enter the fax number including area code.
8. and 9. Enter mailing address where all correspondence is to be
sent. You may use your home address, corporate headquarters,
or accounting fi rm’s address, etc. If mailing address differs for
licenses (for instance withholding and unemployment insurance),
please use cover letter to explain.
10. Enter the e-mail address (option) for the business or contact
person.
11. See section G for listing of reservation codes if your business is
located on an Indian Reservation.
12. and 13. Enter the physical location of business including
county. This can not be a PO Box or Route Number.
14. If you are a construction contractor, read the bonding
requirements carefully.
15. If you answered yes, you must complete Section D.
16. Describe the major business activity: principal product you
manufacture, commodity sold, or services performed. Your
description of the business is very important because it determines
your transaction privilege tax rate and provides a basis for state
economic forecasting.
17. Enter the North American Industries Classifi cation System
(NAICS) code identifi ed for your business activity.
18. Identify the owners of the business. Enter as many as
applicable; attach a separate sheet if additional space is needed.
Section B: TRANSACTION PRIVILEGE TAX (TPT)
1. Enter the date the business started in Arizona.
2. Enter date sales began in Arizona, or estimate when you plan to
begin selling in Arizona.
3. Enter the amount of Transaction Privilege Tax income you can
reasonably expect to generate in your fi rst twelve months of
business. You will be set up for monthly fi ling unless your
anticipated annual income will result in a tax liability of less than
$1,250, which may qualify you for quarterly fi ling.
4. For businesses applying for Transaction Privilege and/or Use Tax,
enter the applicable business classes based on your activity.
See Section H for listing of business classes.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR ARIZONA JOINT TAX APPLICATION
IMPORTANT: You must complete each of the following sections or your application will be returned
• For licensing questions on Transaction Privilege, Withholding or Use Tax (Department of Revenue) call (602) 542-4576
or 1-800-634-6494 (from area codes 520 and 928).
• For Unemployment Tax (Department of Economic Security) call (602) 771-6602 or e-mail uit.status@azdes.gov
Page 5
ADOR 10194 (7/11) 5. Cash/Accrual Methods: Cash method requires the payment
of tax based on sales receipts actually received during the
period covered on the tax return. When fi ling under the accrual
method, the tax is calculated on the sales billed rather than actual
receipts.
6. Complete as indicated.
7. Sellers of new motor vehicles and motor vehicle tires in the state,
for on-road use, are required to report and pay waste tire fees
to the Department of Revenue. By checking the box, you will
receive form TR-1 on a quarterly basis.
8. If your business is seasonal or a transient vendor, indicate the
months in which you intend to do business.
9. 10. and 11. Indicate the physical location of your tax records, the
contact person and their phone number. This can not be a PO
Box or Route Number.
12. through 25. If you have additional business locations, complete
this section. If more space is necessary, attach additional
sheets.
Section C: PROGRAM CITIES / LICENSE FEES
There are no fees for Withholding, Unemployment, or Use Tax
registrations. To calculate the fees for TPT licenses, multiply the
number of locations in the state by $12. To calculate the city fees,
use the listing of program cities in Section C. First, indicate the
number of businesses or physical locations for each of the cities
for which the Department of Revenue licenses and collects. Then
multiply by the city fee for each city in which you will do business.
Add the columns to determine the total city fees. Fill in the totals
for state fees and city fees on the application form and total to
determine the amount due. Make checks payable to the Arizona
Department of Revenue. Be sure to return the city fees sheet with
your application. To obtain licensing for cities not listed on the
form, please contact the city directly.
Section D: WITHHOLDING/UNEMPLOYMENT TAX INFORMATION
1. through 7. Complete as indicated.
8. Enter the date you acquired the previous owner’s business or
changed the legal form of your existing business (sole proprietor
to corporation, etc).
9. Indicate whether you acquired or changed all or only part of the
existing Arizona business. If part, to obtain an unemployment
tax rate based on the business’s previous account, you must
request it no later than 180 days after the date of acquisition or
legal form of business change; contact the Unemployment Tax
Offi ce Experience Rating Unit for an Application & Agreement
for Severable Portion Experience Rating Transfer (form UC-247;
printable version available online at www.azui.com).
10. Indicate the manner in which you became the new owner or
operator of this business or, if you merely changed the legal form
of your existing business, check “Other” and explain, for example,
“Changed sole proprietorship to corporation.”.
11. through 12. Complete as indicated if you acquired an existing
business or, if you merely changed the legal form of your existing
business, provide information on your business under its previous
legal form.
13. through 15. Complete as indicated if you know the previous
owner’s information or, if you merely changed the legal form of
your existing business, provide information on your business
under its previous legal form.
16. Once certain conditions are met, the law requires employers
to provide unemployment insurance coverage to their workers,
but only for services the law defi nes as employment. Check
Box A if you believe you have not met such conditions and you
voluntarily elect to provide such coverage anyway. Check Box
B if you voluntarily elect to cover your workers who perform
services the law excludes from its defi nition of employment and
who are excluded from coverage otherwise. Leave boxes blank
if neither choice applies.
Please note: If you check one or both boxes, then your signature(s)
in Section F confi rm(s) your voluntary election to assume liability
for the extent of unemployment coverage your selection indicates
for at least two calendar years, and you will not be permitted to
challenge this election at a later date if it is approved. To learn
more, please refer to the Employers’ Handbook or Guide to Arizona
Employment Tax Requirements available online at www.azui.com,
or contact the Unemployment Tax Offi ce Employer Status Unit.
Section E: AZTaxes.gov AUTHORIZED USER INFORMATION
1. through 6. Complete this section if you would like to designate
a security administrator for your online services at www.aztaxes.
gov. The authorized individual will have full access to tax account
information and will add or delete users and grant user privileges
to view tax account information, fi le tax returns, and remit tax
payments on behalf of the business identifi ed in Section A. The
name and e-mail address of the administrator are required for
registration.
Section F: SIGNATURES
The application must be signed only by individuals legally
responsible for the business, not agents or representatives.
Section G: INDIAN RESERVATION CODES
If your business is located on an Indian Reservation, select the
appropriate code from this table and indicate on Section A-11.
Section H: BUSINESS CLASSES
Select appropriate business classes based on your business
activities. You must indicate at least one business class on
Section B-4.
JT-1/UC-001 (7/11) Page 6
ADOR 10194 (7/11)




 
 

Related Forms


Arizona Form 140ES Individual Estimated Income Tax Payment
Arizona Form 5000, Arizona Department of Revenue Transaction Privilege Tax Exemption Certificate ADOR 60-2010 (12/04)
Arizona Form 285: General Disclosure/Representation Authorization Form
Application for Bingo License
Arizona  Form 830: Affidavit – Bingo
Arizona Form 833 — Application for Bingo License
Arizona Nonresident Personal Income Tax Return Form
Arizona Partnership Income Tax Return Form
Arizona Quarterly Withholding Tax Return Form
Arizona Resident Personal Income Tax Return Form




Your Opinion Counts
Free Apps you May Like
Available in Google Play and Apple Itunes Stores
Deal Office Art
Available for PurchaseEditor’s PicksBusiness Entity SearchBuy and Sell Gold and Silver LocallyFind out what happened on this day in HistoryNeed a Prayer? Visit Prayhouse FacebookHow fast can you type?Business Success Newsletters





												First Name											







												Email Address											











 Submit 







   


 








Business Agreement
Bill of Sale Forms
Divorce Forms
Legal Forms
Name Change Forms
Power of Attorney Forms
Real Estate Forms


Affidavit Forms
Bankruptcy Forms
Credit Card Application
Job Applications
Promissory Note Forms
Secretary of State Forms


Credit Card Authorization Forms
DMV Bill Of Sale Form
Eviction Notices
IRS Tax Forms
Purchase and Sale Agreements
Rental Lease Agreements






 Nature of this Website: Ten Doves, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, provides free use of Wikiform.org, an interactive website, as a public service and as part of its mission.  As a wiki type sharing website, all forms contained on this website were uploaded from individuals and the public.  Ten Doves did not author or edit any of the forms on this website. This site is operated in accordance with Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.
Form Removal: We respect intellectual property rights of others and its our policy to only include content considered in the public domain on the website. If a form was inadvertently uploaded by the public that you own and wish to have removed, please send an email to help ( a t ) tendoves.org and include the URL of the form. You can also send a letter to our address below.  Please allow 3 business days for removal.
Disclaimer: Ten Doves did not author or edit the content of the forms on this website, and we are not an attorney or law firm. Communications between you and Ten Doves are protected by our Privacy Policy but not attorney-client privilege. Ten Doves and WikiForms.org provides free access to legal and business forms for information purposes only as a public service. We don't provide any kind of advice, explanation, opinion, or recommendation about your legal contracts or rights - always seek an attorney in your jurisdiction to discuss forms and contracts for your situation. Access and use of this website is subject to our Terms of uses.







© 2013 Ten Doves Non-Profit Organization. All Rights Reserved.


Sitemap
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Terms of use

  











Legal Forms▼Bankruptcy FormsBill of SaleDivorceLiving WillsName Change FormsPower of AttorneyPurchase and Sale AgreementsReal EstateSecretary of State FormsApplication Forms▼Credit Card ApplicationsGas Credit Card ApplicationsJob ApplicationsAffidavit FormsSubmit a FormDonate  
































 



 Clearworth Capital Acquires Ponderosa Apartments in North Houston 
         










    










 













 











 



















Clearworth Capital Acquires Ponderosa Apartments in North Houston
        																																												
              











 News provided by
Clearworth Capital, LLC  
Oct 06, 2016, 08:30 ET









 Share this article




























































HOUSTON, Oct. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clearworth Capital, LLC is pleased to announce its recent acquisition of Ponderosa Apartments, a 177-unit class C multifamily asset in Houston, TX. Covering 6.9 acres, Ponderosa is comprised of 17 two-story buildings, a pool area, and a recently remodeled clubhouse. This garden-style community offers one, two, and three-bedroom floor plans, with an average unit size of 854 sf. The property is located in the well-established 1960/Champions neighborhood in north Houston. The location provides convenient access to major highways including I-45, Beltway 8, and the Grand Parkway. Residents enjoy short commutes to the George Bush International Airport, The Woodlands, and numerous employment and retail centers along FM 1960.










 








 










 
 

 

 
 



Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161005/415761 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161005/415762 
New ownership will implement an extensive renovation plan to include an exterior facelift and modernization of all unit interiors. The exterior enhancements include new paint, façade repairs, landscaping redesign, and numerous amenity upgrades. Interior upgrades will consist of new flooring, carpet, countertops, cabinets, fixtures, and updated appliances. 
"Our partners are excited to acquire this property at an attractive basis. Ponderosa presents an excellent opportunity to reposition a quality asset in a vibrant submarket. The property is experiencing stable occupancy and is well-positioned for rent growth. Our business plan is focused on increasing performance of the asset by improving the physical plant through our strategic renovation plan and employing our exceptional management team," said Jim Marfuggi, a partner in Clearworth Capital and CEO of NOIPM.
NOIPM, an affiliate of Clearworth, will be the new management company. 
About Clearworth Capital
Clearworth Capital is a joint venture comprised of the principals of Dallas-based Seneca Investments and Houston-based NOIPM. Clearworth partners' Warner E. Stone, Matthew P. Stone and V. James Marfuggi are significantly invested in ownership/management in the Texas market of over $200 million in existing multifamily assets and over $75 million in new development pipeline. Clearworth Capital is focused on acquiring niche value-add multifamily assets located in the four primary Texas markets: Houston, Austin, San Antonio, and Dallas. 
Clearworth Capital is seeking value-add multifamily opportunities throughout Texas. For acquisition opportunities, please contact Jordan Tabbert through Email. 
Follow Clearworth Capital: https://www.clearworthcapital.com/
Follow NOIPM: http://www.noipm.com
Media Contact:      Jordan TabbertEmail7135893667
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clearworth-capital-acquires-ponderosa-apartments-in-north-houston-300340300.html
SOURCE  Clearworth Capital, LLC
 Related Links

https://www.clearworthcapital.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Clearworth Capital Acquires Ponderosa Apartments in North Houston


 News provided by
Clearworth Capital, LLC  
Oct 06, 2016, 08:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






Ponderosa Technology Park Acquisition is the First Joint Venture of BKM Capital Partners with Canyon Catalyst Fund | Canyon Partners


































Leadership


Strategies



Flagship


Opportunistic and Closed-End


Real Estate


CLOs and Long Biased


Careers


Contact


Search


Investors


Legal Information


Terms of Use


Privacy and Cookies


            © Copyright 2017 Canyon Partners
        









Investors




Flagship


Opportunistic and Closed-End


Real Estate


CLOs and Long Biased









Ponderosa Technology Park Acquisition is the First Joint Venture of BKM Capital Partners with Canyon Catalyst Fund

                    June 23, 2017
                
For Immediate Release
SAN DIEGO, CA – June 23, 2017 – BKM Capital Partners (“BKM”) and Canyon Partners Real Estate LLC® (“Canyon”) announced today the acquisition of Ponderosa Technology Park (“Property”), a 156,224 square-foot multi-tenant industrial property in San Diego. The acquisition of Ponderosa Technology Park is the first investment completed by BKM in its programmatic joint venture (“JV”) with the Canyon Catalyst Fund (“CCF”), the CalPERS real estate emerging manager program managed by Canyon.
“Ponderosa Technology Park offers diverse unit sizes and configurations that can accommodate a broad variety of tenants,” said Brian Malliet, CEO and co-founder of BKM. “It is ideal for our niche approach of targeting assets that require hands-on management and improvements to support an evolving tenant base.”
Ponderosa Technology Park includes eight buildings situated between the I-15 Freeway and the intersection of the I-805 and SR-163 freeways. This location provides excellent access to the key commercial centers of San Diego County. The Property was constructed in 1978; the JV plans to complete an extensive renovation and improve vacant suites to market ready condition.
“Our comprehensive capital improvement program will allow us to attract and retain high quality tenants,” said Brett Turner, Director of Acquisitions at BKM Capital Partners. “We also plan to improve the Property’s performance by leasing up vacant space as the building is currently 87 percent occupied.”
Planned improvements will address deferred maintenance to increase the park’s aesthetics.
“The Property is in the desirable market of Kearny Mesa,” said Malliet. “We believe our comprehensive services and improvements to the Property will be attractive to the diverse tenants drawn to the area.”
About BKM Capital PartnersBKM Capital Partners was founded in 2013 by Brian Malliet and Nima Taghavi. Headquartered in Newport Beach, California, BKM Capital Partners is a fund manager specializing in the acquisition and improvement of value-add multi-tenant light industrial properties in metro areas across the Western U.S. Combining a deep knowledge of this niche industrial product type with in-house capabilities including on-site property management, asset management, and construction management, the firm continues to build on its proven track record, generating strong results with high levels of transparency and engagement for investors.  Additional information is available at www.bkmcapitalpartners.com.
About Canyon Partners Real Estate LLCCanyon Partners Real Estate LLC® (“Canyon”) is the real estate direct investing arm of Canyon Partners, LLC. Canyon focuses on providing debt and equity capital for commercial real estate in primary and secondary markets across the U.S., primarily to facilitate asset acquisition, value-add repositioning, development or recapitalization. Since inception, Canyon has invested over $6.3 billion of capital in over 250 commercial real estate and mortgage transactions with a total capitalization of $16.8 billion through its distinct real estate investment platforms.
Founded in 1990, Canyon Partners, LLC is an investment management firm headquartered in Los Angeles which, together with its affiliates, manages approximately $22 billion of assets. For more information visit: www.canyonpartners.com.
About the Canyon Catalyst FundThe Canyon Catalyst Fund is a discretionary separate account managed by Canyon Partners Real Estate on behalf of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) which facilitates investment through the identification of real estate emerging managers with niche strategies, a demonstrated track record and strong potential to access unique investment opportunities. This platform is intended to cultivate the next generation of institutional real estate talent and Canyon, in its capacity as account manager, sources, selects and manages talent, while also maintaining oversight of all platform investments. MEDIA CONTACT:Maureen RichardsonRiver Communications(914) 686 5599[email protected]
Back to Real Estate
 
Download File







X

Please enter a word or term

Search

Popular Searches:


canyon partners


strategies


investor relations





